Driverless cars are exaclty what you would expect them to be. Cars that will drive without a person actually behind the wheel controlling the actions of the vehicle. The idea of driverless cars going in to developement shows the amount of technological increase that the wolrd has made. The leader of this idea of driverless cars are the automobiles they call Google cars. The arduous task of creating safe driverless cars has not been fully mastered yet. The developement of these cars should be stopped immediately because there are too many hazardous and dangerous events that could occur.

One thing that the article mentions is that the driver will be alerted when they will need to take over the driving responsibilites of the car. This is such a dangerous thing because we all know that whenever humans get their attention drawn in on something interesting it is hard to draw their focus somewhere else. The article explains that companies are trying to implement vibrations when the car is in trouble. Their are some people out there who do not feel vibrations and therefore would not be able to take control of the car when needed. The article also states that companies are trying to put in-car entertainment into the car while it is being driven. This is just another thing that will distract the person who is supposed to be ready at all times to take over driving when asked to do so.

Another thing that can go wrong with these cars is any type of techological malfucntion. Every person with any kind of technological device has experienced some sort of error. Now imagine if your car has an error technologically and it takes the life of one your loved ones. The article talks about sensors around the car that read the surroundings of the car and that is what helps he car to drive without a true driver behind the wheel. Those sensors could have a malfunctions and be sensing something that is that even there and make a left turn into a 100 foot deep lake. The vibrations that cause the driver to be notified to drive could malfunction and now the driver has no way of knowing that the car is in trouble and now you, the driver, and the rest of your passengers are being buried in your local cemetery.

One last thing that the article mentions is negative about the developement of driverless cars is who to blame for the wreck if there were possibly some sort of technological malfunciton or even some sort of human error when taking over the driving aspect. Should the manufacturer of the car be blamed or should it be the driver? No one knows because there is so many different factors that attribute to who to assign the blame to. Some of what will have to be made is a judgement call. When it comes to insurance and having to pay for any damages you do not want someone to have to make some sort of judgement call. What if that judgement call that was made was the wrong call? Now there are going to be even more lawsuits today in our courts than there already are. This problem alone will just lead to many more issues today in the world that should not have to be dealt with.

With all these things that could possibly go wrong with these driverless cars there is no way that the developement of them should continue any further. In today's society if something bad COULD happen or something COULD go wrong, it WILL happen, and it WILL go wrong. There are just way too many safety hazards that come along with these driverless cars. Becuase of all of these problems that arise with the cars it is just a gargantuan risk to implement these cars into our lifestyles. 