Millions of students from various cultures and locations have a common distaste for school. Many of them confidently argue that learning from home would be much more comfortable and conducive to their learning, for they would not be limited by the pressures of an academic atmosphere, which include intimidating teachers, competitive classmates, and uncomfortable classrooms. Although many believe that students would benefit from attending classes from their homes, students would, in reality, be negatively affected by distance learning, for they would be deprived of social interactions, hands-on experiences, and personalized guidance from teachers.

Through online schooling, students would not be allowed opportunities to interact with their peers, inhibiting the development of their social skills. Instead of collaborating with their classmates, students enrolled in online schools would have to complete assignments independently, limiting the sharing of ideas. Without the opportunity to share and discuss ideas, students would not be able to develop significant social skills, which include patience, open-mindedness, and the ability to peacefully collaborate.

Without such skills, the students would be at a great disadvantage in future endeavors requiring teamwork, which are commonly presented throughout adulthood. Without physically attending school, students would exhibit delays in social development, severely impacting their future affairs.

Additionally, distance learning does not allow for the same hands-on experiences as physical schooling does.

In traditional science classes, for example, students participate in laboratory investigations regarding pertinent aspects of their studies. Through such activities, students are allowed to apply their knowledge and reasoning skills to create memorable understandings of the investigated topics.

Online schools, however, cannot offer such activities, confining students to less involved and therefore less effective means of learning. Without interactive activities, students of online schools would not be able to obtain enduring understandings of learned concepts, ultimately limiting their educational horizons.

Furthermore, online schooling deprives students of personalized experiences with instructors. In physical schools, students can casually ask their teachers for assistance and instantaneously receive aid. Through online schooling, however, teachers are not as accessible, for students are only able to contact their instructors during a specific time frame. Without readily available guidance from an instructor, students would be unable to receive convenient, understandable explanations of troublesome topics. Without such guidance, content would be much more challenging to comprehend, ultimately impairing the students' academic capabilities. Due to the lack of access students would have to their teachers, online schooling would not be conducive to academic success.

Overall, while online schooling would allow more comfort for the students, it would greatly inhibit their academic affairs, for they would not have access to crucial aspects of educational development, including social interaction, interactive experiences, and individualized relationships with educators. Without these fundamental components, students would not acquire lasting, solid educations, limiting their career possibilities and therefore the quality of their lives.

To optimize the educational as well as general quality of future generations, physical schooling must be promoted rather than the attendance of school from home.  