Limiting the usage of cars has personal and professional support all across the globe and yet it has yet to be embraced everywhere. Statistical proof show where it may help and real life examples of some of the effects of reducing, or getting rid of altogether, cars in one's daily life. While "recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by" (Source 4), is that really enough or for the right reason? There are plenty of reasons to stop, or limit, the amount of cars being driven on the roads for every kind of person, from the hippie to the businessman, from the mom to the college student. With so many things in this world that few people agree on, this is a nice change to see in regards the removal of so many cars. Why would they all agree, one might ask. Well, there are plenty of reasons.

For starters, stress. It is no secret that morning traffic jams and 5'o'clock traffic is often enough to send any driver into a fit of unadulterated rage and what better way is there to prevent that than to simply not drive at all? Mother and media trainer, Heidrum Walter attested to this after moving into a mostly car-less community, claiming "when [she] had a car [she] was always tense. [She's] much happier [that] way" (Source 1). If that were not enough, businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza who participated in the Day Without Cars in Bogota, Colombia, after just a day was able to say "it's a good oppurtunity to take away stress" (Source 3). Just one day was enough to de-stress this man and if that does not speak wonders, one has to wonder what does. The event "[left] the streets of [Bogota] eerily devoid of traffic jams" (Source 3), which goes to show how stressful it was everyday, with traffic jams a common occurance. No one enjoys them, so why continue to suffer through them?

Additionally, the environment suffers greatly from the many car emissions let out on the roads. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe ... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States" (Source 1). This alone should be enough to horrify anyone out of such copious amounts of car usage. If that were not enough, "transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions" (Source 4). It is clear that cars are only doing more harm to this earth all humans live on and happen to only have one of, so there is no need to continue on knowing this without changing something about that. Even car-pooling could significantly reduce emissions as there would be less cars out there, which is possible through "more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work" (Source 4).

Of course, adding the last two reasons together makes for another very important factor in all of this: everyone's general health. Both stress and high concentrations of smog can do a toll on one's body and the reduction of cars, once again, helps to reduce this terrible down-sides to the easy transportation option. If it must be described as "emissions ... are choking cities" (Source 1), then why not be a bit more concerned. Air pollution can affect those with pre-existing respitory issues and stress can be a deciding factor in how effient and well a person can function. Stress on the road can lead to unsafe driving and a worse performance at work, school, or any other task-oriented location that many go to with the aid of a car.

It is also worth noting that cities that have embraced a no car lifestyle such as Vauban or Bogota have generally improved as a community and have given back anything the newly car-less citizens may have been missing out on through saving them time and money. In Vauban, "stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway" (Source 1). This is not only much more cost-efficient, but also convienent. This is saving both time and money, just like in Bogota where "parks and sports centers [] have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up" (Source 3). Not only does this help individual citizens and business owners, it helps the overall economy of the city as well.

Individual car use isn't bad. Millions of individuals using cars, however, is very bad. Note the emphasis. Even just making a concious effort to car pool, bike to work or school, use public transportation, or use some sort of alternative transportation could be enough to clear up the air of some of it's emissions, keep oneself and others happier and less stressed, save time and money, and improve their city all in one little decision. It's just a matter of going ahead and doing it, so what is stopping anyone from going out and making that change now? Be the change you want to see and limit your car usage now.    