Have you ever been bored in a class room such as your highschool english classes? Well do to a brand new algorithum made by Dr. Paull Eckman, creator of the FACS(Facial Action Coding System), you can finaly be exited about learning about greek and latin roots. This program can detect how you are felling and in what precentages. In the following paragraphs they will talk about if we should or should not read students faces to make the classroom experience more enjoyable.

Well to start off the technology has decoded the Mona Lisa smile. You know they one the smile that seams somewhat omanis when you look at it. well this program has determend that the paintings famous smile is mostly happy. The spcifics of the smile are as follows she's 83 precent happy, 9 precent disgusted, 6 precent fearful, and 2 precent angry. This computer software known as the FACS looks adn all 44 major mussles and then makes a decison based on that. How can this be helpfull to schools.

Now if you actualy like doing greek and latin roots in your english class you may not need this new technology, However you may not like another class like math classes. If we start doing eveything on computers like all of our lessons for example we will probably need this to keep us from not falling asleep during the class.

If we do end up adopting this new software into our computers it could make us have more fun lessons and make the classes end faster, well do to preception. If the technology could be used with just a webcam then you could just look at your students face and see if they are bored or off task and make the lesson more enjoyable. We could just look at the precentages of the kids facial expressions like how they found out how the Mona Lisa's smile was mostly happy.

In conclution we could make our childrens classroom experiences more enjoyable. Even if it is a little creepy to have a software that watches you for your whole classroom experience. But it mostlikely is worth it to make shcool more enjoyable for the kids in them. 