Being in a car is how we transport ourselves to and from places. Now what would you do if you had to give up your car. Yes, some people didnt mind giving up their cars but not everyone would be ok with this. We have gotten so used to driving cars that i don't know what some people would do if they had to give up their means of transportation. Its also another factored that what if someone had to drive a long ways, it would take them even longer to get where they're going. Its a very serious topic when you think of how much time one person spends in a car.

Well Paris has enforced a driving ban to help clear the air of pollution. "On mondays motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day." Many people, in Paris, were fined for driving on the wrong day. Paris wanted to do something about the smog that was surrounding their beautiful city, so they figured if there wasnt as many cars polluting the air then the smog would go away. It actually helped having cars stop driving on certain days because the smog actually cleared.

"Recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." American has always had a thing for cars but lately that seems to be a false statement. In the more populated citys, people are using more bikes and less cars. Its easier to get around a city where there are thousands of people on the streets alone. Internet maybe a huge reason why theres less dringing because it feels like your more connected with your friends and family without actually having to go anywhere. The need for cars in the U.S. has gone down dramadically.

Ever been to a place where there are no cars aloud. Well in Vauban, Germany there is a place where if you want to go there you have to give up your car. "Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden is this experimental new district on the outskirts of Freiburg." People are happier without the stress of a car says Heidrun Walter. This is a place for clean air and no pollution from the car fumes. As of right now, this experiment seems to be running quite nicely.

In all actuality, how many people dont realize how long they spend of their life in a car? If one day all cars in the world were banned, how would everyone recate? Some people may want to give up their cars, some people may not want to give up their cars. There are many sides to people giving up their cars. Some people are truly happy and some are not. It may not be that bad, i mean how did people manige before cars were even invented. In one acrtical, it say there is a place where no cars are aloud but it also says that that place is an experimental project. In the end cars are just no as popular as they used to be. is that a good or bad thing, you decide.                 