The advancement of technology has allowed for the development of mass communication and the globalization of information that continues to revolutionize modern society. During this modern age, society revolves around technological innovation which brings up the question of whether digitally advancing the education system to better replicate the technological world is in actuality beneficial to students. The educational curriculum that incorporates virtual courses is providing a beneficial opportunity because students won't miss classes due to environmental or structural school issues, they would save a lot of money, and their schedule would be more flexible to account for non-academic opportunities in life.

Firstly, the primary reasons why schools get canceled and have to plan extra days within the school year is because of the fear of dangerous weather conditions that threatens the safety of the student body. One of the main weather conditions that causes schools to cancel is heavy snow where ice would form on sidewalks and roads which creates hazardous conditions for students who walk to school and for school buses to drive on. The solution for weather cancellation issues is distance learning because students would benefit from having easy access to a mentor who would continue to educate them through the Internet while they are safely at home. Another external issue that can cause harm or cancel school for students is when schools are under reconstruction which creates distractions and hazardous areas within the school that can threaten the safety of the student body. Video conferencing would allow students to simply learn within the peaceful and safe environment of their home without without the fear of being injured or interrupted. Online courses ensures that students' learning process won't be delayed due to external factors to guarantee that students are properly prepared for final exams during the end of the school year.

Secondly, students would benefit greatly from attending classes at home because they would save a lot money on transportation and on school lunch fees. School expenses would overall be reduced if students are able to attend online classes because some students face the unfortunate circumstance of not having a school bus assigned to their specific neighborhood which means that their parents' car mileage and car fuel are being rapidly used up in order for them to have a source of transportation to school. Online classes, in contrast, would simply require students to walk to a quiet environment within their home to ensure that they can maintain a focused mindset that is ready to learn through either reading an online textbook or participating in a video conference. Another expense when attending a physical school are the school lunches which are priced from one to five dollars depending on the county or school system and can accumulate to an enormous amount of money for middle class students who eat school lunches everyday. Distance learning, on the other hand, would allow students the ability to eat at home without the need for their parents to pay additional fees and students with a variety of health issues or allergies can also control the ingredients of the foods they are consuming to ensure that they are not deteriorating their health. Contrary to what many believes, distance learning courses are beneficial for students whose family are on a budget because the affordability of online courses surpasses the attendance of a public school when accounting for all the additional taxes and fees that are put onto students who are attending a physical school.

Thirdly, students would have a more flexible schedule that would allow them to account for new job opportunities and volunteering hours. Private and public schools are forcing their students into a regime and strict schedule that takes up the majority of the mornings and afternoons of their students' life which disables them the ability to apply for internships or well paying part time jobs that occur during typical school hours. Online classes would allow students the ability to choose the time for their classes which forces students to practice prioritizing responsibilities and improve on their time management skill. An example of students who mostly work while attending school are college students who have to pay for their attendance and possibly even lodging within the college campus. Virtual classrooms would allow these students to build their work portfolio while also allowing students to return home after work and finish their academic assignments at home during nighttime. Another reason as to why online courses' flexible schedule is beneficial for students is because they would be able to have enough time during daylight hours to volunteer and help give back to their community which builds the morals and social connections with others in the community while also allowing the students to formally engage in academic studies at home after they've finished volunteering. Students would greatly benefit from online classes where a flexible schedule will allow students to have more time to engage in different experiences in life and formulate a more balanced lifestyle that isn't fully revolved around academics.

In conclusion, distance learning is beneficial for students where it ensures that the students' education isn't hindered by uncontrollable weather conditions and it helps ease financial stress that low income and middle class families experience in a capitalist society. But most importantly, it allows students to have more independence which builds their character and further prepares them for the adult world where they are gradually gaining new responsibilities and experiences in life which they wouldn't be capable of experiencing without the flexible schedule that online courses allow. Virtual education is both effective and beneficial for the rising digital youths of America. 