So, in the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to indentify human emotions. My job is to carefully read the article and decide wehter or not this technology is useful.

After reading the article I really could'nt decide. When reading about the FACS the first thing that came to my mind was to use this technology on the faces of celeberties. Why? Well it's because it would be fun to do so. In my opinion that's what it's most useful for in classrooms. Sure the teacher could use this technology to teach students about how advanced the humans have become but..

Imagine being a teacher and then one day you introduce the FACS to your students. What do you think the first thing they do would be? I think the first thing they would do is take selfies and let the FACS analyze thier face. Then they laugh at the results. See they are doing it for fun.

This reminds me of disecting frogs in biology. Some students think it's useful for your education while some other students think it's a waste of time, a waste of life for the frogs and that disecting them in the first place is already digusting. But do they do this for fun. NO they don't. They do it to learn about the oragns of the frogs and the purpose of each organ. But is disecting frogs valuable? Yes in my opinion.

So, no I don't think it's classroom valuable to use FACS. But that dosen't mean that you should not let them try it. Here's what the teachers should do. They show the students a picture of someones face. Lets just say for example Mona Lisa. The students will stare at the picture for about a minute carefully looking at every part of Mona Lisa's face. Then the students will decide Mona Lisa's emotion by rating her happiness, sadness, anger, digust or any other kind of emotions. Then after that the teacher uses the FACS on Mona Lisa's face to see if the results for Mona Lisa's emotions from the technology is the same as the results from the students. Human vs Technology there you go.                                  