Have you ever ever been required to do a summer project that your not intreasted in? Certain schools in America require students to complete summer projects to ensure they are still learning over break. Students are often assined teacher designed projects. While most students complete these over summer projects many students don't due to lack of intrest in the assined topic. To improve student input schools should move towards student designed projects so students will be more intrested and and involved in the project.

While a summer project is not something most students would like to do over there break, teachers could allow there students to choose a topic or unit to base there project on. Students can use this to there advantage and choose a topic they were intreasted. Students could learn and still enjoy working on the project. Students also have an easier time working on topics that they have knowledge on allowing them to complete there work easily. Students can take advantage of being able to design there own project and choose a topic or unit that they struggled on through out the year. Working on these weak points can strengthen your skills for next school year. Students can go back and look at past notes and worksheets helping improve there skills in that topic.

Students being able to design there projects could allow the student to create something they enjoy doing over the summer with friends and family, rather then students thinking of it as another teacher assined project that is boring. Instead they can create something that they think of as fun but still educates them. They could also use this project to study or learn upcoming cirriculum for next year. This would allow the student to get a head start on future units and topics.

Overall schools that require summer break projects should move towards student designed projects over teacher designed ones. When students have the ability to choose from certain topics and units they can decide what is best for them. Using the project to work on material that they were intrested in through out the year and want to further research and learn about or use the oppurtunity to study material that the student had trouble with over the school year so that they can be caught up for next year. Furthermore students can create projects that will help them with future cirriculum for next year. In conclusion schools should use student designed projects because it allows the student to choose how they want to utilize the time for either further studying a topic, going back and reviewing areas they had trouble in or learning future topics for next school year.