Dear Mr. Senator,

I would like to make a request. Please abandon the idea of the electoral collage. thats a childs game. It is not fair game. The electoral collage sends a certain number of electors to represent a state. Why not let an individual person represent his or her self? it is obsurd that in Wyoming, a state of 500,000 voters, only get 55 represenntitives. It is with great agrivation that i ask you to make this change.

Furthermore, I would like to state that the electoral collage is outdated and irrational. There is no need for this great mess. The oposition states that the electoral collage is a nessesity for organization. I personally beg to differ. I feel that voting for presidents would be more organized if we counted each individual vote from each individual person. I no longer want to vote for a slate of representitives when it comes time to vote for another president.

In addition, did you know that there were four presidents that had the mentality to abolish the electoral collage? These presidents, as stated in The Indefensible electoral Collage: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, by Bradford Plumer, were Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Bob Dole. As well as the U.S. chamber of commerce and the AFL-CIO. they were all in favor of abolishing this horrid electoral collage! AL Gore lost the presidency because of the electoral collage. He had 60% popularity vote.

Furthermore, I am ashamed to say that each state has its own amount of representitives. We should have a universal number of representitives for each state because it is unfair that a president can lose a presidential election because a state that had an increaced amount of representitives ran against them. I ask you to please vote against the electoral collage for the following three reasons:

The representitives dont amount to the number of individuals that voted.

The electoral collage is outdated and irrational

Each state has an individual amount of representitives.

In conclution, I ask you to please hear the peoples pleas and abolish this garbage we call the electoral collage. I thank you for taking the time to read this letter and hear what the people have to say about this matter.

A Citizen of Florida,

PROPER_NAME            