In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", it tals about how scientest are working on new technology to overcome the chalanges of Venus and its complications. In the begining of the artical it talks abou how Venus isthe second closest planet from the sun and how it is one of the two most similar planets to Earth. Since it has similarities to Earths' size and density scientest have sentunmanded spacecrafts to Venus to investigate.

Unfortunatlly no space craft has survived acording to the last two sentances of paragraph two. In the beginning of paragraph three it states how a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent of carbon dioxide engulfs Venus. The clouds on this planet are also highly currosive with sulfuric acid in them. The planets surface averages about 800 degrees Fahrenheit and the atmospheric presure is 90 times greater than on Earth. This concludes that Venus has the hotest surface tempreature of any planet in our solar system. Venus also has obsticals like erupting valcanos, earthquakes, and frequent lightning stikes on the planets surface.

With all these complications though scientest still are curious about this dangerous planet. In the second sentance of the fourth paragraph it explains that astronomers are curious because it may have been the most Earth like planet in our solar system. The planet resembles a surface with rocky sediment and includes things such as valleys, mountains, and craters.

In the fifth paragraph it states that NASA is coming up with possible solutions to avoid most of these issues. One of them is inventing is a small vehical that resembles a blimp floating 30 miles above Venus's landscape.

Now this doesn't get the scientest what they want exactly what they want because due to the planets atmospher light doesn't peneatrate very well making it difficult to observe ground conditions. It also limits the amount that you would see in pictures and vidoes of the planet. Many researchers are working on new inventions so macheines will last longer on the harsh planet.

For example in the seventh paragraph NASA states that it has been working on electronics made of silicon carbon and they have even tested it a chamber concluding that it lasted in the harsh conditions for three weeks. They are also recyclaling old ideas from the 1800's, they are trying to use a computor that does calculations,but theinvention uses gears and levers, meaning that it doesn't require any electricity to work.

Scientest are working hard to accheve this goal to explore this harsh mystery planet. They accept the challanges that come with it and they strive to succeed not only to gain insight but to quench their curiosity that all humans have about this planet and the possibilities that it could lead to.  