"Imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions." -Nick D'Alto. The FACS (Facial Action Coding System) is very amusing system that can read how a human is feeling. The thought of a computer software being able to decipher what I'm feeling is shocking. I believe the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of a student in a classroom is valuable. There are many reasons why I agree with the use of the FACS. For instint, technlogy would be able to identify how you feel about what you're learning, it'll make you a more emotional person,and it will help you stay on task. I think the FACS has a good chance of changing the future in a possitive way.

The FACS was desinged to to recognize six everyday emotions. This would be helpful when a student is confused or does not understand what the teacher is trying to teach. The system could then modify the classwork that the student is working on. With more practice the computer could then change the difficultiness of the assignment according to how the student feels. For an example lets say a gentelman is stuck on a math problem. The frustration that the gentelman is showing will be seen by the computer. The computer will then help the gentelman by modifying it or infroming the teacher where he is struggling. This will better his education and help out more when students are scared to ask for help.

The positive effect that the FACS has on the students is another reason why it will be vaulable in classrooms. In the passage it says," According to Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expreess emotions, but also may even help produce them. ("Putting on a happy face" actually works!)". This proves that it has been proven by experts that this system could help spread positive vibes. "Whoever thought that making faces could receal so much about the science of emotions!".

Finally, the FACS could help identify when students are bored and are not paying attention. This will help a student pay attention and not stay behind. The solution to this would be to modify the infromation to be interesting or less difficult for a student. I assume that this would decrease the amount of missing assignments and improve grades. This will be better fro the students to gain knowledge.

In conclusion the Facial Action Coding System should be used in classrooms for students. They will help improve their interest in topics at school, help the students understand better, it will help students be more possitive, and finally is will have a big impact on all of us. The Facial Action Coding System would be a new way of gaining more knowledge. It will help students and teachers understand eachother better. Overall this would be a positive impact amoung us all.                    