In the 21st century, technology seems to be incorporated in every aspect of life. People of all ages are beginning to rely on technology for everything from communication to transportation. Technology is being integrated more and more into the education system; changing the way students learn. In 2020, students receive and turn in homework online, read digitized textbooks, and even take tests over the internet. It would be easy to assume the next advance would be taking whole courses on a computer from home, but I believe that long distance classes would not benefit the student's learning. Taking courses at home would fail to provide student's a space dedicated to learning, and would present too many distractions. In addition, the lack of true human interaction would lead to confusion between students and educators as well as a lack of life skills. For these reasons, I believe that a real-life classroom environment is critical for long-term learning and a holistic education.

There is a clear benefit to having a space dedicated for learning. Taking classes at one's home would distract students physically and mentally, making it difficult for them to be totally immersed and invested in what they are learning. Even if it is unintentional, a student will rush through their coursework in order to move on to something else more interesting; like playing basketball, watching a movie, or even just eating lunch. In a traditional school setting, class schedules keep students and teachers alike focused on the task at hand. Similarly, it gives them a clear time to take much needed breaks. An environment dedicated to learning lets students know that, when they come to school, it is time to learn. This separation of work and play is much more productive than working at home. So much happens at home. People eat, sleep, hang out with friends and family, cuddle with pets, have good conversations and bad conversations; the list goes on and on. Trying to do work in an such a busy and dynamic environment makes it hard for a learner to dial their brain into the current task at hand. A school environment dedicated to learning makes it easier for a students brain to focus and function.

A lack on physical interaction between students and teachers would lead to a lack of true understanding on the part of the student. Being able to ask questions to ones teacher as well a peers is necessary to fully understanding content. In math classes especially, clarification is critical in order to learn high level skills and ideas. Even if the online class involves video calls, technology could add another layer of confusion to the situation, while other students may not be able to benefit from hearing the question. This interaction between peers is also a very important part of true learning. In an English classes, group discussions help students share ideas and understand layers of books they may not have understood or thought of before, leading to a deeper understanding of texts. Overall, the online aspect of long-distance classes would complicate communication, leaving students confused.

Not only does going to physical school help students learn better, but it helps them practice skills that are necessary for life. With the exception of very specific situations, most people musk learn how to speak in public, how to work in a group with people they don't like, and how to interact with teachers and administration. These skills seem natural after going to school for twelve years, but if students took classes online, they wouldn't be forced to work with others or present projects to a group. Without these abilities, finding a job would be very difficult.

In conclusion, long distance classes would not benefit a student overall learning. Rather, it would lead to lack of motivation, confusion, and possibly isolation of students. In an age of technology I believe that students and people in general need to learn to use technology, but not rely on it; as one would with an online class.                            