Dear Principal,

The adrenalin that you receive from sports is both vigorous and thrilling. However, if students are prevented from doing the one thing they enjoy and are passionate about, it takes away from apart of their lives and persona. Having a C average is still passing and that's what we should contemplate on, not a B average. If we eliminate the sport activity from the child it wont benefit them. This would only lower their self esteem, cause them to be less healthy, and make them believe they wont be successful without playing the sport they love.

Self esteem is a problem in most of our generation's children. They worry about their self image and what people think. However, while playing a sport they are engaged in something they love and they are no longer fixated on what people think about them. When children enter a sport they require practice and getting in shape. So, if a student is out of shape and has insecurities they work that extra lard off by entering a sport. Their grade should not be the reason to if they can participate in a sport or not.

Also, our school offers an excellent class called health. Moreover, they tell us that we should exercise because it helps us in the long run. But, if we take that away because of grades the kids may become more lethargic and not being able to even keep up with a C average! The effects would make the child's grade lower and possibly their status as a student would drop also.

Teachers say well if we keep on letting them play their sport then they wont try to keep their grades up at all. No, that is not entirely true. A way to fix this predicament is to have consequences and tutors. For example, if a basketball player receives a 65 on a test. Tell them that they can't start their next game unless they can pull it back up. Also, if you have tutors ( especially for the ones who struggle in math) it could help then bring their grades up to a B and possibly an A. These kids don't purposely try not to accomplish As its just hard for them to do it. All they need is a push.

Some students know that they are exceedingly well at playing their sport. But, on the other hand, they know that they do not achieve so much academically. So, they aspire to do well in a sport and when that is taken away from them based on how they perform in class they believe they wont be successful in life and if they think that way then they most likely wont try to be. For instance my friend, RELATIVE_NAME, was the best football player I knew. Just by the looks of him, he was destined for greatness. However, his school followed the policy to where people who were involved with sports and activities had to have a B average. Well, RELATIVE_NAME wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed and could only keep up with a C average so he had to be kicked off the team. Unfortunately, now he can't even keep his grades up to a D and has failed a grade. And, this was all because he was snatched away from the one thing he loved. Now, he doesn't even care what his grades are because he knows that he wont be able to play foot ball.

Sports and activities are a passion for people that runs through their veins like nobody's business. So, what would be the benefit of the school taking that away? Nothing. Children get involved in activities because they love it and they would rather do nothing else. If we strip them from that then what else do they have to cause them to be ambitious in life? It's hard to tell but we know they wont have a passion.