Do you know what the Electoral College is? It's a process that the founding fathers established in the Constitution as a compromise between election of President by a vote in Congress and election of President by popular vote of qualified citizens. I think that we should change the way we vote by changing to election by popular vote for the President of the United States. I feel that this is a good idea and a good way to vote, let me tell you why. It's a good idea because it benefits the public, everyone knows exactly what kind of impact they're making and so it doesn't mess up the votes and or voting. Let's continue, shall we?

It's a good idea because it benefits to the public. The public wants to know exactly who and what they are voting for, they want to know exactly what their vote means to the election. More than half of the time they don't notice what kind of an impact a vote can make or what exactly they are voting for. Also when they do elect a President, the end up getting mad over their finances or taxes because the President trhat they voted for affected it in a negative way. They wanted to elect him because they wanted a better economy, to benefit them, not to restrict them from not having what they want. This is only my first reason, I have two more to go.

Another reason of why I believe that it's a good idea is because it let's the public know what kind of impact they're exactly making on the election. We all don't want to vote and not know what kind of impact our vote can make. We want to know that we can make a difference on who we're voting for, or who we vote for. They want to know and be sure if they vote for lets say "Billy Henderson" that he will lower gas prices and boost the economy, make this world a better place and help all the needy, instead of "Robert Metinguey" who will maybe to this and maybe do that. We want to know for sure what we're voting on and how much of a difference it can make. Not to be worried about if it won't happen.

The last reason I have to give for why this a good idea is so that it does not mess up the voting process. According to the Gallup pole in the 2,000, taken shortly after Al Gore, thanks to the quirks of the electoral college, won the popluar vote but lost the presidency. Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. This is what im talking about people. People are losing their elections due to the electoral college. One of the major reasons of why people are wanting a change, there should be no electoral college, only a popular vote for the election. We all want a better Government. I only there was a better way to vote.

Well, there you have it. My reasons are final. I feel that we should change the voting process because it would benefit the public, so everyone can know exactly what kind of impact they're making and so it does not mess up the voting process. Don't do it for the government. Do it for your own sake. If you wanna make a difference, be on my side, and we can. Together. Now my only question to you is, are you willing to make a difference?            