Dear principal,

I don't think that it is a good idea to change the grade average to a B. A C is a passing grade, and trying to keep up a grade B while playing sports could sometimes be really hard. Kids have a lot to do and maybe going through some rough times, and are already trying there best to keep up with a grade c. To get you thinking about why you should not change the grade average to B, i will give you some reasons of my own.

First i would like to start off by saying that it is really hard to keep up with your grades, and school and other important things students may have to do outside of school. maybe they have a job, friends, family, personal things they are dealing with or have to do, and making that change will push them over the edge and stop them from playing. Also a C is a passing grade so the students are passing their classes and keeping up with school and everything else while playing a sport they love, so there isn't really any need to change the grade average. It is just unfair to the students. It is just too much for the kids to handle. it will hurt them not help them.

My second reason is that the best part about school besides friends is sports. To some kids sports is the best and most important part to them. They represent the school by playing to win and have fun. the school is fine the way it is so why make a change. Change is not always a good thing, it will just make everything harder and worse. You raising the grade just keeps the kids from doing what they love to do. they cant keep up with everything all at once.

Lastly is that, what's the point? everything is fine just the way it i. why change it? the students are keeping up their grade, and when their grade is getting lower (to a low c) the coach talks to them, saying that they better be careful. it scares the students to be getting a c because that's the boundary line. they shoot for getting an A or B anyways so it wont make a difference. It is just going to scare the kids. Also by changing the grade average it is most likely going to bring down the team numbers. Not as many kids are going to try out because of that. changing even just a little thing makes a big difference, and changing this will make even a bigger difference.

In conclusion, there is no need to change the grade average to a B. There is no point to it. The team and kids are doing fine just the way it is and changing the grade average will make a big difference, and not in a good way. kids will stop trying out because there is just too much going on and they cant keep up. plus a C is a passing grade and students want to get a higher grade then that because its risky at a C itself. some kids are already struggling and raising the grade will just make it harder. Leave the average the way it is because i could guarantee you that it will not be a good idea. you don't know what kids have to do after school, or go through, and if the students and teachers and coaches are happy then what is the harm?