Is the Face on Mars created by an alien? No, the Face on Mars was not created by aliens. The Face on Mars is a natural landform. The Face on Mars was not created by aliens because mission controllers checked twice, Scientist figure it's a Martian mesa, and NASA was looking for Viking 2.

Mission controllers checked twice to make sure it wasn't created by aliens. In the article the author states, the first time we took pictures of the Face we had to go through clouds, skeptics thought that alien markings were hidden by haze. The author also states, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size, so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" These two details prove that mission controllers checked twice to make sure that the Face on Mars was not created by aliens.

Scientist figured it's a martian mesa. In the text the author claims, "Scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egytpioan Pharaoh." The author also says, "A lava dome takes the fror of an isolated mesa about the same hieght as the Face on Mars." These two details prove that the scientist figured it was a martian mesa.

NASA was looking for Viking 2 so they could find Viking 1's sister. In the passages the author states, 25 years ago NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling Mars snapping pictures looking for Viking 2, when it spotted the human face 2 miles big staring back at the camera. The author also says, "huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth."

These details prove that NASA was looking for Viking 2, so they could find Viking 1's sister.

The Face on Mars was not created by aliens, it is a natural landform. The Face on Mars was not created because mission controllers checked twice, Scientist figure it's a Martian mesa, and NASA was looking for Viking 2. 