You may like soccer, art, or even debate. The possibilities are endless to any activity that you could join at your school. Extracurricular activities are important to every school. Though every school has different activities, each and every one of them play a key role. Students may wonder why their principal would make them have to stay after a long day of learning. Students may think that extracurricular activities aren't interesting, but they may not realize how many options their school has to offer. Our principal should start putting up sheets that inform you on what activities we have and a brief explanation about them. I agree that it should be mandatory for all students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they will be involved in their school, they will make friends, and they could enjoy it.

Students should always feel involved in their school. Every student matters and can make a difference. A good way to be involved at school is to join an extracurricular activity. For example, if someone joined the SCA then they would be involved by organizing school dances and events. Giving ideas to the student council is another way to be a part of your school. Say you thought that the dress code needed to be adjusted, you could join a club and talk about it. These clubs can be used to spread awareness for bullying. Someone could of been bullied and they want to feel part of something so they join a club for bullying awareness. Students should encourage others to be part of something at their school. There are numerous ways to be involved at your school, all you need to do is put yourself out there.

Joining an extracurricular activity is a great way to make new friends, because you get to meet people that you would of never talked to if you didn't join that club. If you are generally a shy person then a club or sports team will help you meet new people. For instance, if you get on a sports team you and your team will become one big family. You all will work together during games which will create a bond. Another example is if you join an art club you will have something to talk about because you both will like art. Sometimes it can be hard to open up to people and make friends but trust me doing an activity will help that tremendously. When I first joined JV soccer I was really intimidated by all the big kids, but then I talked to them and they seemed really nice and talked to me. This goes to show that extracurricular activities can help you make friends that you would of never made if you didn't join that club.

Another important reason to join a club is that you could actually really enjoy it. Even if you have no experience with an of the choices, but it sounds interesting to you then you should go for it. Trying out new things is good and you never know how good you'll be at it. If you try photography for the first time you could like it so much that you do it again next year. Also, you could join the tennis team and realize that you're really good at it and end up becoming a famous tennis player. However, not everyone is going to like the choices that they have. Well, our school could have an option that students get to create a club that they would like. This solves the problem because other students could like the same thing as their peers so they would want to join that club. Someone could want to create a club for ROTC and another student may want to be in the military so they join that club. Instead of joining a random club because you have to, try to actually find one that you enjoy. There are many choices for students because the principal want everyone to be able to do an activity that they like.

Extracurricular activities provide lots of opportunities for students. You will make lots of memories and friends from joining these clubs. Many students have joined activities and enjoyed being involved so they kept doing that same club every year.

However, some students may find it rude to be forced to do an activity. We have homework and activities outside of school ,so why do we have to stay at school for an extra hour? In order to make everyone agree with the idea of having to participate in a club we have to fix the problems. Yes, students have homework to do, so we can have each club have a specific day of the week to prevent students from staying after everyday. Another issue is what if parents can't pick up their child? Then in that case the school will provide transportation from the school to the students bus stop. There is no reason why students shouldn't join clubs. Activities at your school can help you be involved, make friends, and you could enjoy the club. This is why I agree that students should have to at least participate in one extracurricular activity.