Online education has always been a controversial subject with the risk of not understanding the material, and students getting answers from their peers most of the popluation seem to be against the possibility. However, I believe there are new ways to look at the subject. The pros for online education are very proactive to the needed change in the school system these things are flexibility, time management and, mental health.

As a current student at a in person educational school, I have first-hand experience on how time consuming school may 6 be. An online education means that you are being told what you need to have done here before a certain time and, how you are expected to do so. It throws away the possibility of time consuming dialogue that students may have with other students or the teachers getting off topic with a personal story. Doing these little things that happen frequently can turn an 8 hour system into 3 hours. In the mist of giving these students 5 more hours in the day that is 5 more hours for students to work, hang out with friends, do chores and etc. These little things let us teenagers be teenagers just a little while longer. Adding to things such as, the employment rate, students taking college classes during high school, and the amount of teens volunteering. It gives teen the ability to be more flexible with their lives which is what we should strive for.

Secondly, When giving a student their own time to finish their work and nothing but the guilt of not getting a good grade being their motivation, there will always linger the question of "Will they get it done?". To that I asked, is school not meant to teach us the tools we need to survive the "adult world"? As teenagers we are always told to learn the importance of time management before we get into our careers and even college. However, there are no courses for these types of things but, instead we are expected to learn them through first-hand experience and natural growth. This online school will teach students their obvious subjects such as Math, English and etc but they will subconsciously teach the importance of time management. Students will be expected to finish these lessons on their own because, if a teens prefers to do their work early in the morning in about 2-3 hours does it matter that they're possible hanging with their friends all night. These helps us teens understand the importance of time management without throwing it in their face they subconsciously come to that conclusion on their own.

Lastly, the importance of mental health in the education system is lacking and to be quite blunt is part of the problem. Most, adults may argue that this is a false narrative because of the of outlets that the education system may offer to students. However, my question is "Do these outlets reach out and succeeded to out way the bullying and stress of a normal public school?"

because the answer is "No.". As student at a public school the amount of work that is pilled on and the emotional stress of bullying enough to fall into depression. However, these problem turn into other problems for example, as a teenager your friends become and big part of your life in terms of what makes you happiest. What the current education system fails to realize is that two days of seven are not enough to truly cherish your time. Online school eliminates the possibility of those students who are to busy because of school work and because of it have no social life.

To concluded, Online school is and will most likely always be a controversial topic for as long as those who have been to in person school are around. However, I believe it's a matter of noticing that the pros of this new way of thinking out way the cons. These truly serious issues are being over looked because our older generation are extremely set on the mind-set that all generations need to grown up as they did. Let's look to innvoatote new ways. 