Was the Face on Mars really created by Aliens? Or was it just a very unusual rock formation, even for Mars? Well, the answer is no, it was just a natural landform. This giant rock formation, which stretches for about two miles from end to end, isn't uncommon at all. Actually, it is a mesa which just has shadows that cast on it a certain way, which makes it look exactly like a face.

I know what you might be thinking. How could it only be a natural landform? It looks exactly like a face, so it must have been created by something or someone. Well, there are actually plenty of reasons why it is just a normal landform with unusual shadows. For example, the Face was found in an area of Mars called Cydonia. Cydonia is actually known for its common Martian Mesas. This means that it isn't too shocking that it is natural.

Don't get me wrong, a face is a pretty rare and unusual thing for a mesa to look like. Even though this one has strange shadows that give it features of a face, it is still just a mesa. After multiple pictures that were taken of the Face, the one taken on April 5, 1998 was the first one to fully reveal that the Face was indeed just a natural landform. Even though the picture clearly showed that the Face wasn't a man-made structure, some people still weren't convinced. They said that the picture was taken on a cloudy winter day, so many skeptics thought that maybe there were alien markings that were just hidden by haze.

No matter what people believed after they saw the picture taken in 1998, the picture taken on April 8, 2001 was the one that proved to the skeptics that the Face was a naturally occurring landform. Since the picture was taken on a cloudless day the next time around, there were no excuses for those who thought the Face was made by aliens. This picture actually showed that the Face was a martian, and it was about the same size as a butte or a mesa. Buttes and mesas are landforms that are commonly found in the western regions of the United States.

There you have it. The Face sadly wasn't built by aliens, it was just a natural landform that happened to have some pretty neat features to it due to shadows. There is no way around it, because the pictures don't lie. It is even more obvious that it is a landform because ones just like it exist on Earth! Even though it would've been very interesting for it to have been actually created by aliens, it was just a natural landform in the end. 