Asking for advice from someone isn't always easy, because most of the time people tend to worry about what a persons response to their situation would be. However, by asking more than one person for their advice, it can be easier to make a decision. Plus, it can help you view and understand multiple points of view, help with specific situations you are in, and it can help you in the future, after seeing how the advice works the first time. When people ask for advice, I have noticed that it can be awkward, or even embarrassing. Some people may have specific people they go to for advice, such as a parent, sibling, close friend, teacher, and many more. But going to more than one can be even more beneficial. Personally, I think that asking people for advice can help you make a better choice, because the people you ask have most likely been in the same situation as you.

When you ask more than one person for advice, you can understand multiple points of view. Considering others thoughts on a situation is important because it can show you how others handle a situation. Plus, you might change the way you think about things. For example, if you have a friend that is constantly being mean to you, your first thought may be to argue and fight with her. But, if you go to another few people, I'm sure they will most likely tell you that violence isn't the best option, and that you should stay calm and work things out verbally. When you think about and understand others points of view, it can hep you gain knowledge, plus if the advice dosen't work you will know not to use again. Everyone learns from their mistakes, just as well as they can learn from bad or non realistic advice. Even just a few people can change they way you would have handled a problem.

We have all been stuck in a situation where we have no one to ask for help. By asking multiple people for their advice, you may be able to use it in other situations, when you aren't sure what to do. Plus, when you gain advice, you yourself may also be able to help people. From personal experience, I know that I have gained a lot of knowledge from other people telling me a few simple words. I have also been given bad advice for my current situation, but I have found it very helpful later in life. A lot of people don't refer back to old information, because they are so used to constantly gaining more. I think the reason for that is because of work and school, it;s human nature to constantly gain new information. By asking others for advice, you are not only helping yourself, but you are also helping the people that will come to you for advice in the future. Just few words can change the a persons life.

When most people ask for advice, they think about how it could currently help them. Don't get me wrong, that is still extremely smart, it can also help you just as much, if not more in the future. For example, if a kid is in an argument with his mom, he may ask his dad, siblings or friends what to do. After he uses that advice, he may think that he will never need it again. Even though he may never need that advice again, lets say the same thing happens, and he gets into another argument with his mom. Since the first time he used the advice and it worked, why not try it again? When you give people advice in the future, it can bring back memories of when you were younger. A lot of people goon to share that advice with their parents, siblings extended family, friends, future spouses, and even kids. Even though you probably don't realize it, a lot of people actually use past advice in the future, almost as if it is second nature. Now when someone asks you for advice, it is most likely something you heard a while ago, that you are now passing on to other people.

Overall, I personally think that considering, understanding and learning multiple points of view is very important. Personally, when I am stuck in a situation I try to ask more than one person for advice, because like I explained it can be very beneficial. Plus, it is very important to have options, and not be forced into a particular way to handle something. So the next time you need advice, hopefully you'll ask more than one person!