When you attempt to find love there are dangers. The one you have chosen may have a history of being unfit to hold a relationship, or just has a bad makeup due to their past and they don't feel like changing now. Venus is just like the signifacant other you are looking for. Whilst it is a planet, it has numours dangers like it's chemical makeup, temperature,etc. The author couldn't be any better in this story on why even with it's dangers we on earth should venture out and see what Venus is all about. Giving us multiplie reasons why we need to find a way to get someone (or something) over there as soon as possible. The first reason that was broguht upon my eyes was in paragraph eight where it states, "~but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidation endeavors." What I got from that quote was that if and when we are able to achieve the abilitiy to get over to our sister planet we will be able to find and conqure much more challenging issues. Another reason that the author wrote in the text was in paragraph 2 it states, "Ofter reffered to as Earth's 'Twin,' Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." This shows me that when we are able to get over to this planet we will be able to see 'what is over on that side of the river'.Meaning that we will be able to see what the closest looking planet to earth is really about. The third and final reason the author wrote about in the passage was written in paragraph three as it stated, " A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere.' This is showing me that we already know alot about the chemical makeup of this planet, but there is always something more we can figure out about this topic. Just like with anything theres always a second story or a second layer that tells us more. Here if we ever do decide to take on this task we will be able to see the entire chemical makeup of our sister planet Venus. In conclusion the author did an amazing job by giving us (the reader) multiple reasons on why we on earth should go and venture out in our solar system and figure out what Venus is truly all about. And maybe we'll be able to create this planet into a new habitat. The only way we shall know is if we are able to venture out and do such. 