Developing driverless cars is an important part of the future of the automobile industry. Driverless cars will be safer and more reliable. Self drive cars are the cars of the future because, they can brake, accelerate and steer on their own.

Driverless cars being able to break and stop on their own would prevent car crashes from happening. This would save lives and prevent injury. The author states "the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better responce and control than a human driver could manage alone." This would allow cars to stop faster than humans could manage and to prevent cars from scidding and flipping. The author reffers to the advancements in the sensors that "make driving safer" would allow cars that can handle more tasks on their own.

Cars that accelerate on their own would prevent speeding, which is a risky driving habit. If a car is able to accelerate on it's own it would allow trafic to move smothly with little frustration. The author states that "The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph". This is a long way from driving on the interstate, however it can be done. The author atates that Sebastion Thrun belives " That technology has finnaly begun to catch up to the dream" If technology keeps advancing we could have self driving cars in decades.

Cars that can steer on their own would prevent a large portion of car crashes and other automobile accidents. This would save lives, The author states "but special sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." The driver would stil have the ability to have control of the car when neccasary. This way the driving experience is even safer. The author states "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" This would make the passing of the law to allow self driving cars tricky,however it can be done.

Self drive cars are the cars of the future because, they can brake, accelerate and steer on their own. This makes them safer and more reliable. This would save lives and prevent injuries which makes them the smart choice for cars in the future, Manufactures should focus on developing self driving cars for the good of the world.