Senator,

I believe we should hange to election by popular vote. The people take time out of their busy lives to become a registered voter to vote on who they want to be president, but they're not voting for the president they're voting for electors. Those electors then elect the president. Why waste our time? Those electors can just elect a president without our help, but that wouldnt be fair for the people not to have a say in who governs our country.

To begin with, It's in the best interest of the people that we should'nt have a Electoral College. For example, in

Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even th best-laid defenses of the system are wrong states

; "

The best argument against the Electoral College is the 2000 fiasco that is the lagest election crisis in years; the system allows much worse.

", ( Bradford Plumer ). The 2000 fiasco let legislature choose the electors, but the electors could go behind the peoples back and

"defy their will"

( Bradford Plumer ). We don't need the electors help, we need a say so in the decision.

In addition, others believe that we should keep the Electoral college. In

Source 3: In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president

; they give us "

five reasons for retaining the Electoral College

" ( Richard A. Posner ). The first reason is "

Certainty of Outcome

" which goes on to say that; "

... almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state makes a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state.

", ( Richard A. Posner ). The second reason is "

Everyone's President

" that states that; "

The Electoral College requires a presidential canidate to have trans-regional appeal.

", ( Richard A. Posner ). "

Swing States

" is the third reason, talks about Toss-up States. The fourth reason is "

Big States

" which sates "

that the Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance...

" ( Richard A. Posner ). The fifth and final reason is "

Avoid Run-Off Elections

", it says that "

... no canidate receives a majority of the votes cast.

" ( Richard A. Posner ). I understand what Richard is saying and he has lots of evidence to back his oppinion up, but i disagree with him.

Inconclusion, We the people deserve to have our votes count for something. We go out of our way in our daily lives to vote, and they dont even matter, because we vote to have someone else choose for us. "

The Electoral Colledge is regarded as a non-democratic way of choosing a president...

", ( Richard A. Posner ). We the people have the right to vote, so give us the right to.    