More than 60% of kids who do online schooling score an average of 250 points lower on the SATs than kids who go to school. Online learning isn't an effective way to gain a decent education and students would not benefit from it. First of all online education puts you in a learning environment that is not suited for learning. Secondly it disconnects you from your fellow peers that could've helped you when you were struggling to understand material. Finally it blocks off the essential skill development of how to work together and with other people. Online learning may be easier than real school but in the end it leaves you at a disadvantage and unprepared for college and life as an adult.

Learning at home through a computer may should nice but its not all what it seems. Learning can become increasingly difficult when your at home and not in a class room because when your at home it makes it very hard to focus as you now have access to all the video games, TV and any other form of entertainment. It also means you are not under any teacher supervision which allows you to daze off and easily be distracted by pets or younger siblings. Especially in our day and age where we have cell phones, you would always be able to go on your phone whenever you'd like consequently missing what little important information your being taught. Another important factor ,that most people don't even think about, is the fact that you lose all the connections with your fellow classmates who can be valuable sources of information.

With the loss of fellow classmates it can make an impact greater than most people think. Humans are social creatures which allows us to thrive when working and collaborating with one another. Now when your taken out of that environment and placed in an environment that forces you to do all the work alone it destroys your work speed and makes it far more difficult to process and absorb information because you don't have the different perspectives or incites your classmates could have given you. Not having classmates also could make it harder to interact with unfamiliar people because when your in class your always meeting and socializing with new and unique people, now being taken out of that your no longer exposed to any of these interactions meaning you would have to relearn these social skills which could be very challenging as a teenager which could lead to worse problems like being socially awkward. Without classmates you will miss out on key social skills that may show its scars further down the road of life.

Getting along socially with other people isn't a given, we spend up to 16 years in the class room together nurturing key social skills that we will continue to use throughout our entire lives. Now imagine what would happen if you were taken out of the classroom. The effects would be devastating, you would miss out on the social development you gain from schooling and it would cause turmoil. This would be such a massive problem because social skills are a key instrument to have when in the work place, if you not able to articulate ideas and information to fellow employees properly it would strip these what wouldve been bright employees to substandard workers not fit for upper management jobs. Along with this without the key development of social skills these student that did online schooling could appear unappealing to other people leaving them lonely which would turn into depression making that person live a sad and horrible existence.

Online schooling and courses is just not the way to gain a proper education and it does more damage than anything else. Because people need other people taking them out of the class room for even one year for online schooling can have devastating impacts on the student and it may take years to reverse the damage. Risking vital aspects of success like the development of social skills and the brain is just not worth the easy courses of online schooling and should never be implemented into school systems. It sets you up to be steps be hide your peers meaning you'll always have to play catch up. In the end online schooling isn't worth the all the struggles you'll have to face as an adult and in college and its my strong recommendation that you stay away from it.