In the article ¨Driverless Cars Are Coming,¨ the author talkes about positive and negative aspects of having diverless cars. Driverless cars can be very dangerous for they can only operate correctly in the right condicions. These smart cars could be putting peoples lives at risk and cause serious problems, and the only way these problems could be truly solved is with a great abundence of money. Aruguments would accure about whos fault it would be if someone were to get into an accident. Driverless Cars need to be highly improved or not put onto the roads, you should always be more safe than sorry.

Therefore, in this article it says, ¨ all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and aroung accidents¨(7). Showing how dangerous these smart cars can really be. If the car can not work properly in the condicions that are all around us, what makes them safe to have on the roads? As the cars keep devoloping the more dangerous they will become to us humans, if smart cars ever get to the point where they truly are driverless it would not be neraly as safe to be out on the roads. This is because these cars are know to have problem with changes in the road and when they notice this change they are programed to alert the human driver. Thinking of that, what if a child were to run out onto the road, how fast can this car really react, or how fast could this smart care alert the human driver? These driverless cars should be concidered hilgly dangerous to humans for they will never have the power to oberate just as a human could.

To futher explain why these cars could only hurt not help human kind, ¨Originally, many futurist believed the key to developing self-driving cars someday was not so much smarter cars as roads¨(3). This idea would help solve many problems that come along with the diverless car, but therfore would cause a great problem of its own. These smart roads would be highly expensive and the only way to pay for them would be the peoples money, and that seems almost impractical. These smart roads used electrical cables and magnets to help guide the car down the road, and with these ideas you would be putting the power into the roads not the cars. And with that these driverless cars would be much saver for everyone. But these roads could never be used for that they would take way too much money to be instaled, saying that driverless cars still remain unsafe.

Overall these cars would also be very hard to get llegalised. ¨Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers¨(9). Therefore, it is already hard enough to keep the drivers alert and watching the road while they are driving now, could you imagen how hard it would be to keep people alert when they have nothing to do? These laws are there to keep people safe and smart cars are the easy way to go not the safe way. Also, serious arguments would accure that would only cause problems not solve anything. Because what if this car gets into an accident while self-driving, would it be the drivers fault or the manufacture? Could you blame it on the driver and say they should have been more alert or say that the manufacture should have made/programed their cars better? These arguments and cases would be never ending, because almost all humans do not want to be saw as guilty so they would do and say anything to get off the hook. As to say, these smart driverless cars would do a lot more harm than help.

To justify my argument that everyone should be against the development of these driverless cars, just think about if it was you. These cars can not be pradictable and no one can be postive what will really happen. But what if it was you who got hurt or maybe a family memeber, because they let these unsafe and unperdicable cars out onto the roads. You would have no one to blame because it was just a machine or just a accendent. They are never meant to hurt but everyone would rather be safe than sorry. Make the right choice and do whats right to keep people safe, not to make their lives easier. 