With the years of technology advancement, Online and video classes have slowly become a popular alternative for those who prefer to not attend school in person. Many believe that those individuals that don't have a big enough income, or those who like learning in a sole person environment would benefit greatly from taking these classes, while others prefer to stick with the traditional way of learning which is sticking with regular traditional classes. Both sides have good benefits, but traditional classes overtake online classes by a big long shot.

The option to take classes online hasn't always been available. The access to mobile devices, computer, and wi-fi didn't exist at one point in time. Going back thirty years; The option to attend classes from your phone or computer wasn't a thing. Every single student that attended school had to take classes in person, which forced them to adapt to a classroom environment. The big plethora of benefits that you receive from taking regular classes ranges very far and wide, but there are only a few that should be acknowledged. These include a hands on experience, more valid information intake, support from your classmates, and it prepares you for the introduction of your future job.

Hands on learning is the number one factor that differs online classes from regular classes. Having a professional in subjects like math in your vicinity at all times is the best way for a student to get a good grasp on information. Whether it be a professor or a student; The help and guidance of another mind will always have a more significant stretch over trying to learn a subject or topic by yourself. Taking online classes will have some guidance; However, if you're stuck on your work and your not in a video call with your professor, then how are you supposed to get the answer, and looking on the internet for the answer is not the most trustworthy thing to do.

Classmates have such a huge impact because they'll be the next best thing to a professor when it comes to helping you learn. You might not understand the information, but chances are that one of your classmates fully understands it, and they will help you understand the concept most of the time. In certain situations; One might take online courses because their income cannot support them, which is totally understandable, but the circumstances of the benefits from taking online or traditional classes still apply. Being in a classroom when taking classes for your career are vital. Most businesses don't allow you to take online classes. They require you to have a certain number of hours in a certain class, and an internship on top of that.

There will always be the few that counterclaim that online classes are so much better than regular classes, and they might even go as far as claiming that they're a blessing in disguise; However, those individuals tend to throw off the potential downfalls and only look at the few benefits that exist. I agree with most of the benefits like the independent work environment, the accessibility of class from home, and the exception of taking these classes because of financial reasons, but online class students are yet and still cheating themselves out of the large mass of benefits that regular classes offer. To get the most promising outcome; Sticking with traditional classes is the way to go .