In Nick D'Alto's article, " Making Mona Lisa Smile", the author suggests that Dr. Hung's new facial regonation would be useful for many things including using it in a class room to read stusdents' emotional expressions. I agree with Dr. Hung that the software would be useful to help decipher mixed emoitions. In his article, he uses the Mona Lisa as an example, and I personally think that it was a good example to help show her conveyed expressions.

Dr. Hung invented the Facial Action Coding System, which helps identify the emotions displayed on the human face,and paintings such as Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa. If this technology was used in a classroom setting, I think that it could be used to help teachers understand if some of their students are enjoying the lesson. Or it could possibly be used to tell when the students are lying to their teachers. The Facial Action Coding System shows the six basic emotion that are associated with the movements of ones facial muscles. The basic emotions are happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. This technology can also identify mixed emotions.

Humans perfom the same amount of emotions everyday. For example, a friend could probably tell how you feel by looking at your face. But some people might have trouble describing what each facial expression means. Dr. Hung had oserved had aritists like leonardo who had studied human anatomy that had helped them to paint human emotions. Similarly, Professor Hungs Facial Action Coding System is able to be electorically stored with some information about human anatomty and emotions.

Lastly, there are fourty-four major muscles in the human face. For example. a muscle called the obricularis oculi pars palabraeus is the muscle that makes the crow's-feet shape around your eyes. Experts can tell a real smile from a fake smile by the way your mouth is moved. Facial muscles can help produce emotions, by the movement of your muscles. With the help of the Facial Action Coding System, I think that teachers could easily figure out the emotions that their students faces are conveying. This coding system seems to be revelotionary to me because of it can decipher emotions and it could help many people such as students, teachers, and even the government.

In conclusion, I personally think that with the help of this technology teachers will be able to read into their students emotions better. Also, teachers would be able to tell if students are lying to them. The value of this technolgy would be able to help them read the facial expressions of many people with diasbilites who have trouble conveying emotions. I beleive that is this type of technology were to be used in a classroom that it would be a great help to many teachers.        