Many people believe that the image taken by NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft, when it was circuling aroung the plantet, snapping photos from Viking 2 landing. The photo shown and proveded to us is from the year 1998, it has now been modeled diffrentlly from our latest technology. This is a mesa it couldn't have been made from aliens becuase the way it was observed in the Jet Propulsion Lab, could not identify it as it being fake or made by aliens as some people believe it is. Some scientists have studided this image since was revealed. This happened about twenty five years ago when this was released.

This image we see has beeing used and talked about in many places such as Hollywood films, books, magazines, radio stations, talk shows, and grocery stores. When it first came to NASA and the public it was shown as if there was a human face becuase like it says in paragraph three, secound sentence, "The caption noted a "huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving it the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." That to me tells me that there could have been life on Mars at some point in time but we were probably not exsiting back in the time life could have been in Mars. Its just a mesa becuase on paragraph seven, first and secound sentence, it says, "So on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture ten times sharpers than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing... a natural landform." Those two sentence clarify to me that there are no aliens making things on Mars.

The claim of a face was scientificly proven by Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera that it was just a landform and that there is no aliens making things that look like human shape heads and faces. Also there is an exact location of where you can find this on Mars which is, "41 degrees north martian latitude." Even though people were not happy about what they saw but at least we know its just a landform with a great creation of the mesa. No aliens can create something like a landform that looks like" it remeinds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain if Idaho", says Garvin. There is a way to remember this and it be the face on Mars or like the MIddle Butte in the Snake River Plain in Idaho.               