Imagine your alarm clock goes off and you get out of bed, and after doing your morning routine instead of grabbing your book bag to heading out and catching the bus for school instead you open your laptop and open up a video chat with your teacher to get your lesson of the day instead. This idea isn't and is referred to as distance learning. Distance learning already exists in most colleges such as Generic_School and has started to develop in high schools. Many have the impression that this could be the new way to do school work. Others believe that distance learning won't bring much of a change as it says it is and have a rather niche effect in schools. I strongly believe that distance learning can make a big difference in the learning environment.

Every year students end up missing days due to sickness or other matters. These sickly students almost always come back to loads of work to do that they can could not get done while they where out recovering. Distance learning can help with this near inevitable factor. Instead of students worrying about what work they're missing on their sick days they can open up their device and do the work from home. This same practice could also be used in scenarios such as snow days,tornadoes,floods or other bad weather that causes schools to shut down. This could also be the new way to combat schools having to add more school days to make up for the missed ones.

Focusing on other issues, what if you don't even have schools in your area? There are several kids out in the world that live in rural locations are so far from schools that it'd even be too much to send a bus out to bring them to school. This leaves rural students most of the time only two options:move to another house or be home schooled instead by a parent which doesn't give as good as a education as public schools. Home schooling can put a strain on the parent because most of the time it interferes with their jobs. It's unfair knowing that people fall short on education and opportunities compared to everyone else because of the area they live in. The implementation of distance learning can change this problem almost entirely for these students. Places like Australia already participate in this practice with some outback residents attending schools right form their house. No matter where you your house is, you should still be able to get your education

As great as distance learning sounds it, as with all decisions, does not come without drawbacks. Tackling possibly it's biggest problem, distance learning has a high technological dependency to function efficiently and having tech means spending lots of money.

Some schools just dont have the funds to afford technology to give to students which distance learning heavily relies on.

We should be well aware of the financial problem of this idea and maybe in time someone can find a way to make this method more accessible to the masses

Distance learning is a relatively new method on how people get their education. No matter the outside conditions, distance learning can still give students their assignments for the day. This idea in other countries has proven to go beyond and into remote places and provide education to places without schools. Even with the limitations is has now, I'm sure that the use of it will most likely spread in the future. I believe that within some years that distance learning could be a practical way to do school; in fact, it could even be the primary way to attend school.