Everyone has found themselves in that sticky situation where you just don't know what to do. There are so many problems running through your mind and so many ways to solve them. Your head is jumbled up, and you can't think straight anymore. You start stressing out and sweating and you just have absolutely no idea what do to!

In this scenario most people go to their friends and family for help. They ask as many people as they can to give them advice to help them make the best choice. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by exposing them to many different ways to interpret and solve problems, helping them think about their choices thoroughly without getting stressed out or anxious, and opening their mind to all the possible choices and outcomes of the situation.

To start with, the first reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is because it can expose them to many different ways to interpret and solve problems. Studies show that when given the same situation, almost 80% of people choose different ways to solve them. This is beneficial because it shows that everyone has their own ways of solving problems, so when you ask people around you which choice they would make in a certain situation you will get many different ways. This can help you think through each suggestion and decide which one is right for you.

The second reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is because it can help them think about their choices thoroughly without getting stressed out or anxious. There are many people that have a hard time making decisions on their own. They go back and forth between all the choices that they could possibly make, and all it does is make them anxious. I know this from personal experience because I'm a very indecisive person, and making big decisions stress me out a lot. But when I have the opinions of multiple people to help me, it makes the decision process so much easier. They all tell me their input and what they would do, and it calms me down and helps me think through it clearer.

The final reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is because it can open their mind to all the possible choices and outcomes of a situation. Sometimes when people have to make a decision, they think that there is only a couple options to choose from. They don't stretch their mind to think outside the box and think of other choices they can make. But when they ask multiple people of their intake on the situation, they will realize that there are so many more options to choose from. They might even start thinking harder and coming up with creative ideas on their own!

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by exposing them to many different ways to interpret and solve problems, helping them think about their choices thoroughly without getting stressed out or anxious, and opening their mind to all the possible choices and outcomes of the situation. Doing this can also help people make decisions easier, and can help many people think clearer when making decisions. As a result, they will always figure out which choice is best for them.                   