Dear state senator,

After researching the Electoral College process I find that the process should no longer be used. The process is not effecient for choosing the next US president and therefor the voting process should be changed to popular vote.

"Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." This makes the Electoral College not a democratic method for electing the president. This nation was founded on the belief of democracy, so when the government ignores the call for a democratic method for elections it is disrespectful towards out Founding Fathers, and especially to the citizens of the United States of America. Furthermore, state representatives may misrepresent a state, possibly by defiance. This has happened in the 2000 campaign where segregationalists defied the people and nearly succeeded in replacing the electors for those who opposed Josh F. Kennedy. Although defying the people does not happen often there is still the risk of repeating history to a greater extent.

Continuing, the ''winner takes all system'' causes states with smaller populations to be ignored. According to source 3, "Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote." Larger states are paid the most attention to by canidates because they will receive more votes than compared to the number of votes a smaller state would produce. This causes smaller states to have less interest in the campaign because they know they have a lesser chance of their favored canidate winning. Even more, canidates focus on swing states. Swing states are states that can be easily convinced for votes. It is important for all states to focus on the campaign so that an unworthy or unprepared canidate is not chosen for presidency, but only large and swing states are paying attention. In contrast, it can be argued that no single region can shift a campaign greatly, nonetheless a single voter`s vote.

The Electoral College should be rid of. The process is not democratic and misrepresents voting citizens in more ways than one. If voters were able to directly vote for canidates then more states would actively engage in the campaign and all people would be represented equally. It would lower the chance for downfall, and the chance for incidents to occur. I propose that the next presidential election should use the process of popular vote to choose the next president for the United States.

Please take into consideration my proposal,

Student A    