"We have to join a club?" Generic_Name said shocked, "Like, we have to?". Generic_Name looked confused and slightly angry. "Yes Generic_Name, you do have to join a club, it's a requirement for the new year." said Principal Generic_Name. Generic_Name looked down than looked back up at his principal, "Great." Generic_Name said sarcastically. Generic_Name spent that school day looking around and asking about the different clubs the school offers. While Generic_Name was looking, one club caught his eye. The gaming club. When Generic_Name was out of school he always played video games, it was his favorite pass time! Since the gaming club was the only club that sounded remotely appealing to Generic_Name, he signed up. His first day in the club, he was skeptical, but he quickly realized the club was far better than he expected. 2 weeks passed since Generic_Name joined and he already made plenty of new friends and learned about many new games that he grew to love. Schools should make it a requirement for all students participate in a extracurricular activity because it helps students meet new people and make new friends, it can introduce students to something they've overlooked or have never heard of before, and it can increase social activity among students.

First of all, having students join and participate in an extracurricular activity can help them meet new people and make new friends. Joining an extracurricular activity such as a club or a sports team can be very beneficial to students. Having students join clubs can help shy students talk to new people and make more friends. Even someone who is frequently talkative and already has a lot of friends can meet and talk to new people who share the same interests as them in the club. Having friends who share your interests is something that every student wants, and joining an extracurricular activity can help students achieve that. It was only Generic_Name's first day in the club when he met two people who would later become his best friends. "Hello," said a voice Generic_Name has never heard, "My name is Generic_Name.". Generic_Name looked at Generic_Name and shook his hand, "Hey Generic_Name, i'm Generic_Name. Nice too meet you". The person standing behind Generic_Name introduced himself next. "Sup Generic_Name. My name's Generic_Name, I'm Generic_Name's Friend." he said. "Nice too meet you as well Generic_Name." Generic_Name replied. Generic_Name, Generic_Name and Generic_Name quickly became good friends because of their similar interests.

Second, requiring students to join an extracurricular activity can introduce students to something they've overlooked in the past, or something completely new. Students have their interests, they either like something, or they don't. Something might not come off as interesting to them at first glance. They might only start to realize something is interesting to them when they take another look. If schools do an event that shows off each different club, students will get that "second glance" that they need. For example, my older brother wanted to join a club in high school. He looked through the website and found that nothing sounded interesting to him. He decided to look again, this time actually reading the descriptions of each club. He eventually found the art club. He read the description, thought it sounded interesting and signed up.

Third, requiring students to join an extracurricular activity can increase social activity among students. Clubs and sports are very social activities. If they're in a club, students are basically required to socialize with others. This for the most part is a very positive benefit, allowing students to talk to others who share similar interests with them. Students may even spend time outside the clubs with the people they've met. For example, my cousin Generic_Name's mom, forced Generic_Name to join a club. She said Generic_Name wasn't socializing enough and spent to much time time on his computer. Generic_Name asked around to find a club that was preferably easy. He eventually found the computer club which aligned with his interests, and his want to spite my aunt by "playing on computers" in his club. Despite that my aunt got her wish and Generic_Name became more social outside of school with his new club.

Generic_Name had spent his entire 10th grade year in the gaming club. Now that summer was approaching for the first time in his life he felt sad about leaving during the summer. Generic_Name never thought by joining a club his perception about school would change this drastically. The next day Generic_Name and his club talked about meeting up over the summer, everyone was ecstatic about the idea. Generic_Name, Generic_Name, and Generic_Name all have met up before outside of the club before, but the entire club has never got together like this. School ended just as fast as it started and the day quickly approached when the club would get back together again. In conclusion, schools should make it so all students have to participate in an extracurricular activity such as a club or a sport because it helps students make new friends and build relationships, it can introduce students to something they've overlooked in the past, and it can increase social activity among students.