According to the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," there is a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System (FACS) that enables computers to identify human emotions. This technology is relatively brand new. It creates a 3-D computer model of all fourty-four major muscles in the face that move like human muscles as well. Then, psychologists have classified six basic emotions that are associated with different movements in the facial mucles. This new technology could result in many benefits in our community as well as all around the world. The use of the Facial Action Coding System to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it would allow teachers to know when students become confused, are being dishonest, or are depressed and possibly having problems at home.

In the classroom, it is common for students to tend to get confused while being taught a lesson. It is also common for students to get bored and become uninterested in the lesson at hand. With the Facial Action Coding System, teachers can make sure that their students are acquiring the best education possible and absorbing all of the material. Teachers can adapt their teaching style according to how students respond to the lesson being taught. This way, both the students and teachers can be on the same page, making education easier for students and teachers. The article states,"'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Huang predicts. 'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor,'" (D'Alto). In this quote, Dr. Huang is telling the reader how this new technology could possibly develop into something much bigger where it can modify the lesson for students who become bored or confused, making it an easier and better experience for the student.

School behavior is a big part of a students education. If a student is constantly acting out and misbehaving it could affect his or her education pretty badly. Although, that is why Facial Action Coding Systems could also be very useful in a classroom environment. The technology could be able to detect if a student is being dishonest, which could prove very handy when dealing with situations with delinquents and trouble-makers. In the excerpt, the author writes, "To an expert, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling politician or celebrity isn't being truthful," (D'Alto). In this quote, the author tells the reader about some facial muscle clues that allow experts to tell if a famous figure is being dishonest. These are some of the same facial clues the FACS looks for.

Finally, The FACS could help find if students are depressed or having problems at home. The machine can detect six different emotions, including sadness. This could prove useful when dealing with distressed students. "Eckman has classified six basic emotions-happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness-and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles" (D'Alto). This quotes tells the reader about the emotions the machine can read.

The use of the FACS to read the emotional 