Education is a big factor in ones life. Without it, where would our society be? I am a student myself and know the difficulties and benefits of attending a physical school. Video catting just ins't the best idea for helping students develop their education. Bringing more technology into a society already involved with enough technology doesnt have a happy ending. There are more negative effects that this can bring than just attending a physical school. Students wouldn't benefit from taking classes at home because they would start to slack in their work, going to school keeps them on a schedule that teaches them organization/ planning for their future, and it doesn't give them the opportunity to build relationships with former students and their teachers.

Firstly, getting assignments done in class are hard enough as it is. If students are expected to get all of these assignments done at home, most of these would be completed late and/ or sloppy. Even from my own experience, when I'm given an assignment to do in class I finish it more quickly due to the resources I have in the classroom. When assignments are given at home, it takes me longer to complete this assignment because I tend to have lots of questions that can't be answered by my parents or the internet. Video chatting isn't the same as a face to face conversation with your teacher. What if the internet is down and you're not able to communicate with your online teacher, what do you do now? As a student, I know kids aren't going to try and solve the problem, this is just another excuse they can use to as why they did not complete their assignments. Attending class at home will cause more of a stress for students because they will find other things to do that can distract them from their work. In a classroom, you have one job and that's to get your work done. Less distractions are available in a classroom when compared to your own home.

Secondly, school helps develop a schedule for a student to get used to. If a student were to work from home, they would choose when they want to work and if they even feel like doing assignments that day. Having this schedule teaches them time management which helps them develop the technique for the future when planning out different things. My friend, Generic_Name, has a very hard time planning things such as hanging out with friends, when to complete assignments, etc. She learned how to manage a schedule that incorporates all of her needs and wants into her day. She is able to attend school, go to soccer practice, and still have time for her friends and family. This is one of many life lessons that attending school can give you. When people think of school they think of all the work they have to complete with no time in the day to do it. By developing this schedule it helps them manage their priorities first and helps them incorporate their wants as well.

Lastly, classmates and teachers have a big impact on a student. Some kids go to school only to see those people. My cousin is home schooled. Her only friends are her neighbors and her teammates on her fencing team. She is a very shy girl and hates talking to people. If she were put into a school with kids her own age she might be different in the way she talks to people. This is going to effect her future in a way that might be difficult for her to get a job, buy a house, etc. Having relationships like those, with other students and teachers, makes getting through school a whole lot easier. These teachers push their students for success and online catting with teachers just doesn't form that close relationship like a teacher you see in person everyday does. I know going to school is hard and annoying, but it's those teachers and my friends that motivate me to go to school and get those positive grades.

School is a childs job, they can't just avoid the difficulties it brings because "they feel like it." Students already try to find reasons to not complete assignments and giving them the opportunity to attend class from their home just gives them more of an opportunity to slack off, lose those relationships they could've made, and leaves them missing out on developing a plan for their current and future life. Attending school gives students more than the education they need, but the lessons that can be used throughout their whole life. 