The Internet is Building a Stronger Workforce

COVID-19 is spreading across the world. Now this disease has killed more people than influenza has this year. Epidemiologists for the CDC are recommending that colleges across the country shut down their campuses and revert to online school so that they disperse the student population to lower the chances of the students getting infected. This suggestion has been readily accepted in colleges throughout the country. Soon public schools could follow the colleges' lead. More and more public schools are introducing a plethora of online classes. Many students are now able to do classwork and take assessments online as well as conference with their teachers from the comfort of their home. Students would benefit from online school through more direct, one on one learning with teachers, building each students aptitude with technology for their future participation in the workforce, and allowing students with a variety of ailments to continue their education at home.

First of all, with online classes students would be able to interact with their teachers on a more personal level. Currently, if a student needs help with homework or a concept that they are struggling with, most often, they will have to come and see their teacher before or after school. Some students simply do not have that availability to see their teacher or are too embarrassed to ask their teacher during the class session. With classes being taken online, the student could simply email the teacher privately to work out a time to video conference their teacher for help. This simple interaction with teachers would show that students could go to their teachers more easily and would feel more comfortable when asking questions. With this increase of inquiries, scores in the grade book could go up, increasing parental and student satisfaction. Due to the introduction of online education, teacher-student interaction would become easier and more common.

Second of all, Students would be able to become build their technological skills parallel to learning new material. Many employers in this hyper-technological world are looking for employees that will be able to keep up with new technologies as well as help their business grow. While students are at school, they have access to technology, but this access is limited and most often very basic for most people. If schools' education was offered online, many students would rapidly become accommodated with new and more complex programs and applications. Teachers could require logging of time spent studying on spreadsheets, or taking screen shots of research, as well as making projects on three-dimensional design software for every student that they have. So many things in the classroom would have to be transferred online, making students who graduate highly valued to any employer looking to hire somebody. Highschool students who become adept at using online applications would be beneficial for a student and future employers.

Third of all, any student that has to stay at home or be hospitalized due to a sickness would be able to continue their education. Throughout the year every school has a variety of issues, but one issue can truly devastate an education. If a student that is a tenth grader comes to school with what they think is a minor cold and goes about their entire day, many students would interact with this sophomore and soon all of these students would be home sick. Due to the transmission those classes would only have half the students it should have. This issue is morbidly obvious. However true this issue is, disease cannot spread through technology. Any students taking these online courses would be safe from any other students who are sick. This would allow schools' education to run with a little more grease on their axles. Due to students having an online education many students who become sick would not have to pause their education for any amount of time.

In order to address those opposed, it is understandable for anyone to do so, but not forgivable. Many would say that the students would lose their friends, that they might become awkward, and that students might even cheat on assessments. All of these are understandable, but they are not without solution. Schools would be getting rid of their on campus schooling but would still host extracurricular activities and sporting events, along with gym classes, as well as dances and pep rallies. This would help retain student friendships at school. Students cheating on assessments has been a problematic in all school systems for years, writing on your arms and hands, looking at a friend's paper to see which bubbles they filled in, or even feverishly copying someone's homework in the hallways outside of a class. While online learning may be a good fix for a lot of these issues it could open up new problems as well. Students could use their phones to search for answers to a variety of tests or share their answers with friends via text message. Their is no end to the creativity of someone who wants to cheat on an assignment, that is why a student's parent could supervise the student on each test and let the teacher know that the student was honest. This would be an easy way of reassurance for all instructors.

In conclusion, online school for students could be greatly beneficial. Through one on one interaction with teachers, spurring more inquiries from pupils, becoming more proficient with technology at school and in the workplace, and allowing students who are afflicted with disease, and sometimes an injury, to attend school. Online school would benefit many students in this modern world. Now do what you think is right, go to a school board meeting, or sign a petition, because once we make this change, the Virginian education system will be stronger than any other state's. Now that isn't able to be said every day.