Schools all over the world are making education more accessible each and every year. Most schools have online websites where school based information is published, and schools have interactive classrooms where students may turn in their assignments. Although technological advancements are providing learning opportunities, these opportunities should not be exploited. Growing in popularity, school districts are accepting students to take stay-at-home online classes, and the schools provide them all the material online. Students will not benefit from attending online courses instead of normal classroom classes due to less concentration, less peer involvement, and limited learning variety online.

Students achieve greater accomplishments when they are fully concentrated, not when they are laying distracted on their beds. Although students commit to attending the online courses, the environment in which they study in sometimes is not a guaranteed adequate learning location. For example, if students have pets or younger siblings in their households; the students will not be fully engaged if the pet or sibling is entertaining the student. A school campus, a resourceful learning location, is a better and more useful learning place when being compared to someones home or comfort place. Another concentration concern would be the inability to interact through online classes. When students stop a fluent rhythm of learning, they zone out and find something to do that entertains them. This would unbalance the online class' pace with the student's pace. Once students are out of focus, the only ones not benefiting are the students who are not at school learning in the classroom.

With limited concentration and lack of focus in a non school environment, there is only one factor that hurts the student's learning ability more. This is the lack of student-on-student involvement. Without other students, the limit is set extremely low on the personal growth of the learner. When there is peer involvement, there is growth in the character and intelligence of the person. This kind of negative influence on students also adds to the very limited learning experience online. Most of the learning factors that make a well rounded student are not present. For example, the interaction between a teacher and a student will be blunt and simple instead of a face-to-face learning experience. Peer discussions are also limited because there might not be any time for an in depth discussion like there would be in a regular classroom. Peer involvement builds relationships that influence learning in a healthy environment. These normal student acts will be limited if the classes are based in online servers instead of the classroom.

Students will not benefit from online courses more than they will from attending the classroom. The lack of concentration and peer involvement show how limited a student's learning experience will be when taking online courses. The disturbance in the pace of the student when at home affects the overall results and accuracy of where the student is placed. Although the technology that is at the school board's disposal is useful, in many different and meaningful ways could be a distraction to the learning of the youth. Counties providing online schooling not only take away from the student's learning ability but also take away from the full potential of the class. Students receive a full, interacting, and educational experience at school, they should not take on the non beneficial online alternative.