Dear Principal,

I believe that you made the correct decision. Education is very important in a students life. Being the principal, you should enforce this rule and by doing so, would improve a students future for the better. You should ask yourself one question and ask many other students the same question; What will get you through your life and guarantee a good future, education or sports? This question will stump all the arguments they have except for one. An athletic scholarship.

I agree that sports is good for the health, but is it absolutely necessary for the future? I say no, because not everyone is going to get an athletic scholarship. The odds are for getting an athletic scholarship are slim and there will be many people who are competing for it too. Education is very important and there are many jobs out there that require people with an education, while as there are very few jobs that require you to be good at sports. In this world, education will get you far and having a C average isn't going to cut it.

If they spend just as much time studying as they do playing sports, then it wouldn't be a problem, but when they neglect studying just to play sports, then they are harming there future. Think about all the futures you could save by just putting a little discipline. A C isn't very far from an F and that could jeopardize there whole life. If they study hard, they can have fun and live a good life when they get older, but having fun and neglecting studying now isn't going to give them a relaxing and fun future.

If they are trained to study hard and play sports at the same time, it will pay off because they will have to get organized and pay attention to time management. This is very important in High school and College because time management and organization will get you good grades. I strongly recommend that you enforce this rule. Just watch the events unfold when you enforce it. There grades will rise and eventually they will be accustomed to all the hard work they put in. Education is everything and will shape your life, while sports is just an extracurricular activity that might or might not get you an Athletic scholarship.