Growing up in a constantly changing environment, students have had to learn to adapt to the world around them. In school, students are taught to be open and ready to learn, while still facing the ups and downs in the journey of childhood to adulthood. Students make close bonds with their friends and even a few choice teachers. Students choose to whom they share their emotions with and at what time they wish to do so. Emplimenting a computer system in schools that is capable of reading a students emotions is inappropriate, lazy, and dangerous.

This technology is incredible. It's capable of easily figuring out what someone feels right when they're feeling it. Empathy is an intimate ability one experiences with another. Most people have the ability to sense others emotions, "For instance, you can probably telll how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face." There is a prominent understanding in the natural world regarding emotions. Sometimes not every one wants to be figured out and displayed to their peers. In school, students are faced with one major task: to learn. Teachers are faced with the task of teaching. A teacher's job is to engage students and the students job is to stay engaged with the teacher. Emplementing facial reading teachnology is innappropriate and dangerous to the privacy of students, and it threatens the basic principles school systems were founded upon. Teachers and students have major jobs to do at schools and this technology might distracted from the main goals of schooling. Students want to be cared about and valued but not by everyone or at any time a computer chooses. Students may feel uncomforatble if teachers ask how they're feeling. A student has friends and family to confide in, and may not want everyone to know the personal and private issues they are going through. If students emotions are displayed to their peers and teachers, they might feel awkward opening up, because they aren't comfortable around them.

Furthermore, this technology could be used in the wrong situations. The article stated that a smart school computer could tell when students are getting bored or confused and change the lesson, "' A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Huang predicts. Then is could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.'" This example puts teachers in an awkward position. Letting a smart, facial reading technology teach students would mean the teachers aren't teaching. Giving power to technology is complacent, instead of working with people to improve learning habits or teaching methods, adults would be taking the easy way out. This technology had the purpose of connecting humans in focus but instead it will further divide them. Students don't want to be analyzed by computer systems; they want to be cared about by other humans. If the goal is to focus on students emotions, adults should take some time out of the day to talk face to face, instead of sticking the child in front of a computer monitor.

Some might argue that these computers might be a useful tool for counselors in schools. This is a valid argument, but this also compromises the position of school counselors. Their job is to connect and work with students. When introducing a computer system, students may realize they are just another task to be completed in the work place. Every year, students are analyzed to see where they place on the national benchmark for their education, they take standardized tests to see how much they know, they do hearing tests and eye tests, but a computer has yet to analyze them to see how happy they might be. If computers are introduced to read emotions, students may feel like they are just a number or rank of emotions. If students go to their counselors, they want to be talked to and connected with. Bringing in a computer can divide the connection from child to adult. The child may feel alienated and refuse to converse with the adult. This computer may seem like a helpful tool, but it destroys the importance of human connection.

The age of computers is inescapable, but it doesn't have to be. Instead of computer analyzed emotional connection, people should put their phones down and ask each other how they are. Not every person wants their emotions analyzed, especially in schools. Students bonds with teachers are simply student to teacher; a child must trust an adult before they talk about their feelings. Computer facial technology might be helpful, but not in schools. This technology falls flat in the category of connection. Don't take the easy way out, instead of analyzing emotions with a computer, ask someone how they are. If a student looks upset, sit down and talk with them. Show someone they are valuable and deserve one on one human interaction.