In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author suggest that studing venus is worth while even though their are extreme dangers while doing it. The author supports this idea in the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" by the similarites to earth making the dangers worth while, the testing on diffrent pieces of equitmeant to withstand the extreme climate of venus, and the life they believe was once their making it a plave they want to explore.

The author in the article explains many resons in which he or she thinks the dangers of venus are worth it for science one of them being the similarities which they can see from far distance the planet has to earth. the author says Venus is often referred to as the earths twin due to the size, mountain like, and believed to have many oceans and waterways making venus very simlar to the earth. with venus being the closest planet as well to the earth having a closer distance to venus from earth.

Though Venus is concidered the twin to earth it has many diffrent features making it dangerous for scientist to explore the planet. One of these extreme dangers is the diffrence in climate as said in the article Venus reaches upwards of 800 degrees Fahrenheit easily melting most metals making it hard to recieve samples from the planet. Though they have tested many new products in chambler ith simlar climate to venus finding new ways to hopefully find more out about Venus.

lastly the author also talks about how Venus most likely had life on the planet similar to that of earths scientist are interested in finding out more about this even though many dangers are included in this task. Finding new ways to make sysems in which can be sent to Venus is difficult but found early computers with physical componets might be the key to their succsess in finding out avout Venus past.

In conclution Venus has many similarities to earth, but due to the extreme conditions of Venus it makes it hard for scientist to explore and find out more about the planet, even though it is the closest to the planet earth. These dagers and risk are worthwhile due to the simlarities the earth shares with venus, the new test of equtmeant in which can withstand these climates, and the life in which they believe use to be on Venus all make exporing Venus, even with dangers worth the time.