Students often moan and groan about summer projects that their teachers assign them to do over summer break to assure they continue learning over the period they are not in school. The projects most of the time, have a set rule book to follow that was issued by the teacher and it makes the project boring and not enjoyable for the students to do, basically being a burden the students have to over come during their relaxing summer break. These projects that get assign should be more student-designed because students can be more freely creative with their own ideas, it will be more enjoyable to do for them, and they can continue learning in a more ideal way.

Having the project be more student-designed, students would not have to struggle with limitations and can be more creative and use their own ideas for a better outcome of the project. Teachers often put a strict instructional guide or manual on what to do and what not to do, during the assignment and limits what students can do and blocks any originality. However, having a student-designed project will unleash a wave of ideas and flow of creativity between each student that would not normally be received from a common project. The whole outcome of the entire project will be changed drastically because of the freedom students will have on their own projects and in which, in the end, will satisfy them. During research projects, teachers also frequently limit the student on what they can look up and use. If the project was student-designed, students can freely look up and use what interest them and learn about something that will make them more engaged into the project. They can not be held by idea blocking rules that will make the project disengaging, they can have creativity run free throughout the entire assignment and it will show. Overall, a student-designed project will make a more standout project due to the original ideas students will leave throughout the project.

The sound of a project over the summer break already sounds boring and a headache of a time for any person in school to do but students will always be more engaged in a project that will allow their own unique spin on it and uses a piece of mind from them. The thought of a project is always a dreadful one that all, will have a hard time to get them self to do it but a student-designed project will make it at least, a more enjoyable experience. Students can utilize their brain and knowledge to make it a project to remember and have fun while thinking of an idea to blow teachers and fellow classmates away once they return from break. For example, a science fair allows students to show a unique idea with experiments, this causes fun competition and a enjoyable process on how the project is going to "wow' the judges. Speaking of competition, if the project would also have an incentive to try to achieve the best project, students would even be more thrilled. The student-designed project will show a big amount of their own ability to the assignment and make them strive for the number one spot. This would heighten the accomplishment of the project and give them a sense of excitement for their own unique project to compete with classmates. In the end, rather than having a normal boring project, students who have a chance to design their own project, will have a lot more fun and excitement in the process of doing the project, in which, will still allow them to learn and not interrupt with their fun and relaxing summer break.

Projects also have a based way of learning, a way teachers think it's best for our generation to learn, but they are not our generation, they do not know what is best for us, they just think it; by allowing students to freely design their project, they can learn in their own ideal way. When teachers assign projects that are related to the class, it is reasonable because it help us understand the subject more, but when they assign a regular project, especially one over summer break, it is often a misguided project on what they think students want to learn but does not really aid them. Giving the chance for a student to do something they want to learn about, will get them more engaged and give them their ideal way of learning. They would not have to worry about what teachers think they should learn but rather what they want to learn and will aid them in the future. Students who do a project about what they want to learn will make doing a project like that more enjoyable over a summer break rather than a set learning experience. They will gather more information to aid them in what they want to do, instead of being given something they think they should do, this will make the learning experience way beneficial for them and not waste their time in the long run. They can continue to learn educational information for them and gain more knowledge that matches their learning style and will satisfy what they have learned. Therefore, students would have a better learning experience if they could do projects their own way and had design freedom and not be held down by a set learning path.

Projects being put out during summer break will always be a boring and overbearing thing to complete and in some cases even ruin summer break for them overall just to learn information that teachers assign. Having the project be student-designed, however, will change the entire assignment in all, giving more creativity, better pacing, more enjoyment, and a better learning experience for students all around, it will benefit them rather than a teacher-designed project. All projects, even ones put out over summer break, should be student-designed because the outcome will have more uniqueness with student's ideas, the project overall will be more fun, and students will learn in their own learning way.        