School can make some of the social challenges that certain students face more difficult and for others school can create these same challenges. Anxiety is something that many of deal with, some cases worse than others. Anxiety in the classroom is amplified. This can lead to a drop in grades and performance in school. Attention disorders such as ADD an ADHD can make school dreadful at times. Online classes that are taken at home will put the student in a comfortable space in which he or she can focus in their classes without 30 other things happening. Students can go through so much in their own lives, not to forget the fact in which we live in a world of chaos.

Tragedies, or "interruptions" happen in everyone's life and as students going to school is either not an option or is a very difficult one. Students would benefit from having the ability to take online classes at home.

Imagine being in a hallway with what seems like a million new faces every day and you are not familiar with anyone. Making friends is hard when you have anxiety because the most comfortable place is yourself. A student with anxiety can be taking a test that is very challenging and tedious and the walls will seem as if they are beginning to shrink and close that student in. That is anxiety, anxiety is going over a whole conversation and going over what you will say so you dont mess up. Anxiety is scary. As you can imagine, school with 2000 kids everyday can be difficult for students. Working to overcome your anxiety can take a long time and is necessary but better results will be achieved when the student makes the decision for themselves to take classes at school rather than home because some kids just arent ready for that yet.

Many students including myself suffer with attention disorders such as ADD and ADHD. You can just take a guess on why this would make school in a classroom hard. ADD and ADHD cause students to struggle to maintain focus and they both do it in different ways. Picture yourself day to day always finding yourself mentally blank, forgetting simple task, Losing your train of thought, and battling your mind trying to do a million things at once. This is the life of many students. Attention disorders can be treated with medication, however many families either cant afford the medication due to lack of health care or refuse to let their children take an addictive controlled substance. Some parents just think that there kid doesnt even try or is just "dumb".

The 504 plan is a plan that was made to accommodate and assist students with learning disabilities. This plan works by giving students more time to complete assignments and giving students accommodations to put them in a learning environment that will benefit them. Sadly students with learning disabilities are forgotten about and neglected. Unlike children with autism or special needs students with attention disorders take the same classes as the general population. Therefore students 504 plans are followed based on who the teacher is, and sadly some teachers dont care. This means the student will not receive any accommodations such as more time on test. This can lead to poor grades, and not because the student isnt prepared. A student with ADD will have to read a problem 5 times before they really retain the information and even then everything is done slower because when students with attention disorders try to force their brain work too fast that is when things are forgotten and missed.

An online class in the peace and quiet of your own home with the things you need to help you focus, things that you cant always have at school will surely benefit this student from an educational stand point and mentally.

Life happens. Students go through more than you can imagine. Everyday students deal with the death of loved ones, pregnancies, abuse, sickness. These are things that some adults can barely deal with. As children we are dealing with life's problems for the first time. You can see why that would take a toll on us. Life happens and students go to school and deal with bullying, racism, sexism etc. It is natural that kids who internally struggle with themselves will make others feel small to feel a sense of validation and power. It is not right but that is human nature. However some of our bullies are our very own teachers. A student can be literally be on the verge of suicide and a teacher can give a student a hard time or just be blatantly rude. Teachers are different to students than they are to adults. As an adult you cannot just treat adults any type of way without consequences. Teachers use their power over students to do this because lets be real, as students we can complain and complain and it seems like nothing ever changes because no body truly cares. As much as it is said the actions of those in power do not show it. School is supposed to be a safe space but in reality it is not. There are people who take everything that life gives them and use it as motivation and they thrive. Others are not there yet in life as students are children. The education we are gifted with is a blessing. However sometimes the people in the building are the issue. Going to school for 9 months carrying a child is very hard. Kids can be more brutal than adults. Having the ability to take your classes online at home will benefit so many children in the school system.

Students taking classes online will be very beneficial. My overall reasoning behind this is a lot of the problems that students face is because of the students and the teachers in the building. Online education eliminated those factors. Students distractions will be limited. The environment will be safer. It is sometimes necessary for students to take online classes at home therefore it should always be an option. The big picture is to make our next leading generation more educated than the last. Whatever makes that easier should be employed into our school systems. 