Would you enjoy your summer if you were required to do some project that didn't intrest you? A project based off of something not to your liking or one that is so boring it would put you to sleep? Here's why students should be allowed to come up with their own school project to make sure they continue learning over summer. Students would be more likely to want to continue learning by doing their own designed project because they will do it on a subject they want to know more about and intrested in, the project would be more likely done if choosen by them, and it wont feel as required if its student choosen.

Some people might think it should be teacher based but some students wouldnt like the topic or the teacher would want them to include certain things students might not know how to do or would like to include in their project. This will also give them less freedom of choosing there style of project. Teacher based projects would also be more educational based off of things they teach and wouldnt intrest students and it would be msot likely not turned in by the end of summer.

Students would do a project on a topic they want to know more about and intrested in. If the project were to be teacher based, most students wouldn't be intrested in it, therefore, some students wouldn't want to do the project and will have the lack of wanting to learn about something that doesn't intrest them and make it a chore. Making a student choose a topic for their project would, make them choose something they're intrested in and they will most likely have a project ready to turn in at the end of summer. Student would also complete the project with more detail instead of not having any at all. All the projects would be different subject and more unique letting students choose so teachers can make sure students learned.

Some students have summer jobs or go travel to different location's. When student's are given the choice of choosing their own school project they will have less of a chance of forgetting that they have to do one or forgetting what they have learned about. This will also give them a chance on choosing what style of what of project they want. They could do it on paper or poster or power point and many more. Students coud also base it off of the schedule they have or the days that are free.

In conclusion, Student based projects would be more likely done then teacher based projects. Students would do them off of things they are interested in and subjects that catch their attention. They will do it around there time frame and in any style they want. doing it student based will have students educate them selves about things they enjoy and love to do on daily bases and teachers will have something turned in to them by the end of summer.