Summer projects are given to students so they can continue to learn and not fall behind in the coming school year. But would it help if the summer projects are created by teachers? Well yes, teachers have been teaching and making projects for a long time and they would know what they are doing. As a high school student I could prefer that my teacher makes the projects verse some student who not much of an expert on the topic. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because they have more experience, the project can be less confusing, and the project can give the student an insight of what the class will be like.

Teachers have received many years of training on how to work with students and how to help them understand and learn many topics. With so much experience and training they would know how to design a project that will allow the students to continue to learn through out the summer. For example, I am taking AP chemistry and there was a summer assignment. This assignment was created by the teacher and it was easy to comprehend and do. This made my experience with working on the project much more productive and less time consuming.

Projects that are created by teacher can be more straight forward and to the point. Teachers know the topic better than any student which would create less confusion and less room for mistakes. Many of the projects that I have done were mostly teacher-designed and they were easy to understand and finish without too many hurdles. If there were to be any confusion it would be much easier to contact the teacher about a question than a student. When there are less mistakes in the project it would be more time effective and one would be able to finish the project faster.

When the teacher is creating the project, they would have in mind how the syllabus would look like for the coming year. Teachers are most likely to create a project that would reflect the syllabus. This would help students to be prepared for the coming year and they would also know what to expect. For instance, when I had received a summer project for AP statistics as I was doing the project I was able to understand more about what statistic is and how the class work would be like. However, if a student were to create the project it might not have given a picture of how the class would be like through out the year.

In conclusion, schools should have summer projects that are designed by teachers. This way students would be more benefited due to the teachers knowledge on the topic. When the teachers do create the project there will be more clarity on what the student should do. The students will also be able to get a feel of the class in the coming year. 