Dear Senator,

I firmly believe that we should keep the Electoral College.  Many people say that it is "outdated, irrational, and unfair" but that is an opion.  Their are meany rational reasons about why the Electoral College is benificaial rather then destructive.  Out of these many reasons i am able to narrow it down to 2 reasons about why the Electoral College should be kept.  These reasons are Everyones President, and Swing States.

In Richard A. Posners' aritcle about keeping the Electoral College he talks about the President that is elected being everyones this President.  "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have a trans-reginal appeal.  No region (South, Northeast, etc.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president."  This is not also a great example but it is a great counterclaim to Bradford Plumers article.  In PLumers article he states that, "candiadtes dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the the tight races in the "swing" states.  The Electoral College assures that the President isnt just wanted in one area that is wanted all around the country.  Electoral Colleges assure that the President is wanted in many differt parts of the United States.

"The electoral college invariably produces a clear winner," says Posner in his article.  A way of producing a clear winner is by having swing states.  Some people argue about the Electoral College turning off potential voters, (Democrats in Texas) but this may actually determine the election.  If those other party people dont vote who knows mabey if they had voted their party might have been luckly.  Statistics prove that when certaint parties win contriversial states thats because some people from 1 party didnt vote.  No voting especailly in swing states can make your party, or your wanted candiadate loose the election.  Every year some of the swing states change so everyone should vote especially those in the swing states to insure your party or your candidate win.

The Electoral College is something that this country needs for our benifit.  It helps us Americas get a President that will benifit us all not just those in certaint areas.  Although some peopel dont think that the Electoral College is helping there are twice as many people who believe that just a popularity vote is a bad idea.  Having swing states, and having a way that finds "everyones" president are just few of the many exaples about why we need the Electoral College.

Thanks,

Jasper    