Dear state senator,

I write to argue in favor of the Electoral College. The Electoral College is as it says on the 3rd source "widely regarded as an anchronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declaring the candidates who receives the most popular votes the winner." That was in my opinion pretty self explanatory. This letter is based on information from article sourses I read.

First of all, I would like to start by saying that the Electoral College is helpful to avoid problems where no candidate got a majority. For example in the 5th part of the source 3 it says "Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both  had only 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College (301 and 370 electoral votes, respectively)" which backs up my claim. I understand the "wrong" part of it like in the 2nd source it says "If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for [John] Karry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry." meanning voters vote for a slate of electors and they choose the president. Honestly I dont see it as that "wrong" but thats my opinion.

Second, I agree with the Electoral College despite the lack of "democratic pedigree" for five reasons. First, "Certainty of Outcome" meanning winning candidate's share of the Electoral College exceeds his share of the popular vote, example, Obama vs Romney. Second, in the Everyone's President part it says that no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president, for example, "Romney was in the South, has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes increasing his plurality in states that he knows he will win". Number 3, "Swing States" the "winner takes all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates-as we saw in [2012] election-to focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states". There is also number 4 where the Electoral College "restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution" amnd there is number 5, "Avoid Run-Off Elections" which is what I used in the second paragraph as a claim.

In summation im in favor with the Electoral College for many reasons. After reading through this side and the opponing side of the argument I can honestly say that I prefer this method as it is. Yes there is a bad side to it but there is a bad side to everything and it shouldn't be big enough for anyone to oppose it. Well thank you for taking the time to read through this.     