Phones and Driving, should it be a thing? Today over 5 billion people own a mobile device, and a little over 1 billion own some sort of vehicle.

These are two of the things people feel they need in life. But maybe the use of both at once is a bit too overwhelming. Driving while texting, or even making a phone call is excessive. It can be dangerous and hurt people in multiple ways. Phone usage while driving should be prohibited in every state, country and continent!

Using a phone while driving a vehicle should not be allowed anywhere! It can cause many accidents. It can also bring troubles and pain to ones family.

For example, in February 2018, a 17 year old in Alabaster, Alabama killed a ten year old and her father in an accident because the teen was texting while driving. If the teen would have been paying attention to the road and not their phone the accident maybe could have been prevented. Not saying all accidents are caused by phone use, but a majority of them are.

Generally there are 1.6 million crashes involving texting and driving. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents involving texting and driving. 4,637 people died in the year 2018 because of the accidents. If that does not scare one into not using their phone while driving, then I don't know what will. This is one of the many reasons why I believe driving and the use of a phone should be banned!

Another reason cell phone use while driving should be banned; if adults use their phone while operating a vehicle their children will possibly be strongly influenced by it. The children will start to think it is okay to do so. It is the year 2019 and all that this generation raves about is having a car and the newest IPhone if we are taught that it is okay to text and drive, someone can earnestly get hurt by these actions. Most accidents involve teen driving, we don't want to give them another reason to be absentminded while driving.

The use of a mobile device while operating a vehicle should be prohibited. Now is the time to admit that driving while using a phone or any mobile devices is dangerous! You wouldn't want you or a loved one to end up critically injured, dead or disabled. Phone usage while driving is one of the many reasons accidents happen everyday. You can always wait until you are out of the car to make that call or answer that text !   