Dear Senator,

As you may know, there is a huge dilema with the voting system we have as of right now. I am writing to you because it is in our best interest to abolish the Electoral College and change election to popular vote for the next presidential election. The reasons we should make this change is because the Electoral College is unfair for voters, also a disaster waiting to happen and the popular voting system bring so many more benefits and opportunities for the people.

The Electoral system simply takes away the people's say on who they think the best candidate is. It is simply unfair for the voters. In this system, according to the second source, popular vote, which is what the majority people select, most of the time loses the election due to the Electoral System. An Example used in this source was the 2000 election with Al Gore, he had won the popular vote, but had lost the election thanks to the Electoral College. With this system in play, voters cannot control who they want to vote for and that is not how it should be. In source one, it clearly states most states have a "winner-take-all" type of system that awards all electors of that state to the specific candidate, which is the complete opposite of benefiting the people, because not everyone in that state wants to vote for that specific candidate. Source 3 says big states that a larger state gets more attention than a smaller state does because of the amount of votes, however some states claim they never even got to see a presidential campaign had because of how small the states was. Its is Unfair to these states which include Rhode Island, South Carolina. It takes away opportunities from these smaller states.

In source two, Bradford Plumer mentions the single best argument against the Electoral College, which he calls the "disaster factor". Voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. This means that voters dont really have control on who they vote for, as mentioned before. The Electors can defy the will of the people, the only reason people vote, in this system, is to "sway the opinion". This is known as the "disaster factor", the electors defying the will of the people. Another problem with this system is that if there is a tie, it is definately out of the peoples choice. The decision is left to the House Of Representatives. The Electoral College is a disaster waiting to happen, like a bomb ticking, at some point in time, it will explode.

The benefits of switching to popular vote really pays off. With popular vote, these issues adressed would not be a problem at all, such as the unfairness to voters, the disasters awaiting to happen with the Electoral College. The only downside to this is that it will take a little longer to count the votes and finalize the election, but it is worth it. All voters would be at peace of mind knowing that their vote actually counted for something. In my opinion, this is the best choice and option out there. We need to get rid of the Electoral College because it brings us no good at all. We could finally stop worrying about the timer!

I hope you take this into consideration.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME                      