For many people politics is a very serious topic that people strongly believe in. recently, there has been alot of contraversy about keeping the Electoral College process or changing the election by popular vote, in my opinion the Electoral college process was established to prevent the option of President by popular vote that just dosnt seem fair. Citizens are going to be angry either way the president is elected because its about who is running our country and representing it, not about how he or she is elected.

We as American citizens should have the right to choose/vote for the president we want representing our country . From my knowledge, Under the Electoral college system, voters vote not only for the president, but for a slate of electors. "Richard Nixon, Jimmy carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. chamber of commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time agreed on getting ride of the electoral college!" for example Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. Why dosnt the goverment just give us what we want?

if 90% of votes go to a candidate, then why would they not get the presidency? its common sense.

The electoral college process has the govenor prepare a "Certificate of ascertainment" listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your state along with the names of the respective electors. the certificate also declares the winner of the election so people arent even aloud to have a say in the voting process. "during the 2000 campaign seventeen states didnt even see the candidates at all, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad." I think that is completly irrational. The electoral college is widely regarded as a non-democratic way of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes.

If the electoral vote happened to be a tie then the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. of course we would have no control over the vote if that happened so we would just have to accept it.

I hope i have made my point across about the Electoral college system. your feedback is always a good thing                               