As time progresses in history, we often look back and see the notable advancements humans have made over the years such as the creation of fire, the discovery of new resources like oil, and the creation of the steam engine. Advancements have also been made in learning as well, as we have gone from using chalk boards to using smart electronic boards. Now we must take learning a step further with the introduction the use of online resources when the student cannot attend a class in person. Some schools offer an option for students to attend a class with means of video conferencing or any other online means instead of attending in person. All schools should have the option of attending classes through online means, as it will greatly benefit students, perhaps more than attending classes in person.

Schools should have the option of attending classes through online means because the student may not be able to attend due to them being out of town. A student may be traveling during this time, and it may not be up to them whether they want to travel or not as their parents could force them to come along to travel with them. Or, it could be that they have to go out of town for a while due to a family emergency. The student has no control over this and therefore cannot attending the class; however, if they could access an online resource and schedule a video conference with the teacher when they are in class teaching, the student won't miss any important material and still not be in the room as well.

Schools should have the option of attending the classes through online means because the student may not be comfortable around their classmates. Around middle and high school, classes aren't the only thing become harder, there is also pressure regarding students and their peers. Many teenage students may have a difficult time focusing in a classroom due to another students presence there which throws the student off. It could be whether it is a romantic interest, a bully, or someone who does not treat them well and makes them feel uncomfortable when they are in their presence. Or it could be that the student isn't comfortable around new people or doesn't like to be in a crowded place and prefer to be alone or in an environment in which they are used too. Regardless, it affects the student and negatively impacts their studies. If the student could attend a class through online means, or have a video conference with the teacher when they are teaching, they could still learn the material they need to know while at the same time staying in an environment where the student is comfortable in and not having to deal with peers who make the student feel uncomfortable.

However, some may argue that some students will abuse this system so they could stay home because they wish to skip class and be lazy or maybe just want to stay home. While this may be true, not all students are like this, and if they abuse the system it will ultimately harm them. They will not learn the material they need and therefore won't succeed in the future when they need the information regarding the material the most. Furthermore, schools should have the option of attending classes through online means because the student may be sick. It is common for students to get sick once a while and therefore cannot come to school and must stay home to avoid the risk of getting others sick with things like the flu. So, if their school had the option to attend a class using an online resource, the student could be at home recovering while still learning the material they need.

All schools must have the option of attending classes through online means, as it will benefit the student in so many ways, such as learning the material even while being sick, out of town, or just uncomfortable around others. While it is good that some schools do offer the option of attending classes with online resources like video conferencing, it is crucial that we help and make sure that all schools do this.