The electoral college has existed since the founding fathers established it in the consistution as a way to elect a presedential canidate. What the electoral college is, it is a "compromise between election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens." What the electoral college does instead of electing a preseident through a popular vote, it is electing through a electoral vote, that means if you are voting your votes are actually counted towards the electors of the canidates. Each candiate has it's own slate of electors, in wich you are voting for them, and they will make the decision of deciding who is president of the U.S.

A presidential canidate can have more popular votes then the other candiate, meaning votes favored by the people, but if a president has more electoral votes, which is votes by the electors then they are elected as the president. The benefits of the electoral college is this, 1. Presidents who are favored greatly in a certain region of the U.S., will most likely not have a electoral appeal. That means such as president Romney can have a strong appeal in the south, but he will gain no electoral vote. 2. " The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recevies a majority of the votes cast. For example, Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College. There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast, that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presedential election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invaraiably produces a clear winner." 3. "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Consistution... The popular vote was very close in Florida nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes. So other things equal, a large satae gets more attention than a small state does.

We need to put an end to the Electoral College now. The reason why we need to start now is because it isn't fair for a group of electors to vote for the president, when the votes of the people are pretty much worthless. Electors of the candidates sometimes don't even vote for the their own candiate, they sometimes vote for the opposistion by betrayal! As for the popular vote it would be much easier to vote only by the people. Like our consistution says by the people for the people. Even though the problem of Al Gore and George W. Busch occuer more than a decade ago the issue can occuer again. That's why we need to place only a popular vote where we can avoid problems like in 2000 and have the people's vote count! The Electoral College is unfair because it is unfair to voters, the iea of winner-take-all system in each state candiate don't even spend time in states they know they will not gain favor in. "Focusing only the "swing states" which is a more tighter race." Worst thing that can happen if there is a tie in the Electoral College, and in that case the vote would be thrown to the House of Represenatives, and who knows what can happen in that matter.

Electoral college is fair to the eye of an elector. Is it though favored by the people knowing that their popular vote is pointless of a final president?                                                                                                     