"A choice is a wonderful burden to be shared"

-Daniel Radcliffe

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Working together to make decisions has helped not only push humanity through brick walls, but find a better way around them to avoid the disaster. The entire government of the United States of America is based on this belief of multiple opinions being the correct way to solve a problem. In all decisions, there are multiple paths to take, but another influence can help not only to choose the right path, but to find new one (if needed).

Sometimes, other people have had to make impossible decisions in a similar scenarios as the one the advice-seeker is gong through. People that have been on this planet earth longer have had many more experiences then younger folk, and have gained more knowledge in the ways of life. This is why God gave us our parents. Our wonderful parents are here to help guide us through life, they are here to help us become a better version of themselves. Most children know that they can always go to their parents for advice, and they feel safe and comfortable doing so, knowing that something good will come out of discussing the choice and what to do. Choices are also frequently discussed, thought through, then solved with peers. In middle school, most do not have to make any life-changing decisions, but sometimes it can feel like it. Our friends, classmates, and team-mates often are able to relate to what we are going through. We are all a similar age and level of maturity.

People can also be leaning towards one choice for the wrong reasons. Many people at my age are like the thirsty sprinting towards poisoned water. It is terrible for them, but they are so in need that they drink it anyway, hoping for a miracle. People tend to have knee-jerk reactions, sometimes leading in the wrong direction. This is caused by the frontal lobe, the part of the brain that is used in decision making and long-term planning, is not fully developed until age 25. This means that minors tend to turn to the "gut reaction" part of their brain for major and minor decisions, usually strongly influenced by what their friends are doing, just to fit in. This can lead them to make stupid decisions that they later will regret. Turning to other influences to help make a decision can help avoid these unfortunate dispositions.

Last but not least, some people can get so caught up in a decision that they forget that it is not just affecting themselves. Our minds have been hard-wired to protect ourselves first since the beginning of time. Decisions are like lights, our own minds can defy us and twist our vision to make them appear brighter or dimmer. They can blind us from everything else going on around it, and make it impossible to see anything else until we turn it off. For example, when I was playing in a championship game of a soccer tournament in sixth grade, some of my team-mates did not try and play their best because they were scalding hot. They did not realize that this choice would cause us too lose, they thought their laziness would have no impact, but in the end, with three of our players walking up and down the field, we had lost, and were ashamed. Every move we take in the game of life affects not only ourselves, but the world and the people around us. Outside input in a decision can help us to see clearly though the light. They can help us choose the right choice not only for ourselves, but for everyone else the decision influences as well.

In conclusion, choices are important gifts for us to tackle with the input of others. Other people have often been through a similar scenario and have gained knowledge from past experiences to help guide us in the right direction. People tend to lean towards one choice for the wrong reasons, and people forget that their actions affect more people then just themselves. For all these reasons and more, we must seek multiple opinions to make a better choice.