As a student I have had to ask for advice often to be able to come up with an educated response.

When I need advice I found it helpful to go to ask multiple people for their opinions rather than just one. I do this because asking more people gives you a variety of answers because people have varying opinions, a multitude of view points because not every one thinks the same way, and a plethora of different experiences to go off of.

You get multiple different viewpoints on the same topic when you ask multiple people. You get multiple different viewpoints because you should ask a variety of different people to get the most educated response. This can help you in finding your opinion because you can see both sides of the story and you make an educated decision from there. This way helps you more than just asking one person because if you only ask one person you only get part of the story rather than getting the whole thing. if you do that then you are unable to make and educated response.

People give you a variety of answers when you ask multiple people for there advice. This happens because everyone has a different variety of viewpoints, even if they are the same, they might see it a different way or have different facts backing it up. This helps you when you need advice, by letting you have the full view of the opinion and limiting the bias by using other people accounts to find the inconsistencies. When you do this it is much better than just having one opinion because that person might be biased towards one side and then by consequence your opinion will become biased.

When you ask a variety of people you get different opinions from a plethora of past experiences that led them to having that opinion. It is good to have a variety in past experiences because they can help you make an educated decisions for the present but also for the future. When you chose what experiences to go for, you should choose ones that are close to your present experiences but also for the future experiences you will go through. You should also have some experiences from the other side to siphon through the bias of the other experiences. This will help you to make an educated decision for the present but also for the future.

To sum up, I have found that when I need advice it's helpful to go to ask multiple people for their opinions rather than just one. It helps you siphon through the bias, decide which viewpoint fits you the best, and learn about the experience you might need for the present and the future. In conclusion, When ever you need advice going to multiple people is the best way to go. 