When a person asks for advice it is most likely they're in a situation that is to confusing or difficult to the point where they don't know what the right solution or choice is. Making choices in life can be hard. Most times they'res never a right choice, but having different people to talk to help you find the best decision. I believe having different opinions when asking for advice can help someone make a better choice because of the different perspectives, the people the advice is coming from, and the multiple solutions gotten out of it.

Talking to different people and getting various perspectives in a confusing situation is helpful because it makes a person start thinking deeper because they all don't have the same opinion. Different points of view can be very helpful because of the different experiences the people could have. For example, one of the person asked could've had an experience of being on the other side of a similar situation which could help you think what is at risk or what is gained. Another person could've made a bad choice and learned from their mistake which can give a bigger in site of what is at risk and there could be another person who tells you the complete opposite and make you look at the situation in a whole other way. They can be a lot more points of view, but it helps think more thoroughly to find the best choice.

When asking for advice the people asked also have an effect on your decision making. The people asked don't always have a personal experience or know what to say or how to help you. It is most preferred to ask someone who has experienced something similar or someone who loves and cares about you. For example, getting advice from a friend maybe not the best option because friends nowadays aren't always real friends and don't always want the best for you. Getting advice from a parent or an older sibling could be a better option because they're family, they're more experienced and wise, and most likely want the best for you so their advice would come with the best intentions.

Another reason asking for different opinions can help someone make a better choice is the multiple solutions you get out of it. Talking to different people helps come up with different paths you can take and helps predict the outcomes. This especially is needed in occasions where the situation effect their future. Those decisions need a hard and deep thinking because you're never to sure what could happen that you can regret. That is why finding various paths and solutions is helpful, but it could be hard finding them on your own so that is why seeking for multiple opinions can help find the best choice to make.

Overall, I believe talking to different people when asking for advice and getting various opinions can make a positive impact on the choice made because of the different points of view given by the people asked that could agree, disagree, or give you in site on the risks or benefits and the multiple options and solutions obtained. Also asking various people can help rule out the advice that wasn't meant to help you given by the people who don't actually want you to succeed or be happy. So I believe advice on choices, decisions, or on sensitive subjects should be thought through and decided carefully because regret it something someone wouldn't want to carry for the rest of their lives.