When were voting for president were not technically voting for the presient in fact we are voting for the slate of electors. The electors can be anyone without a public holding office. Electoral college process is not a good processs for presidency. While a president can get the majority of the popular vote; on the other hand, he could have the minority of the electoral college votes. That president would lose the elecetion even though he technicallly had the most votes. We should change the process into popular votes for the president.

The electoral college can or will defy the will of the people. The article "The indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong' ,by Bradford Plumer it quoted ,Back in 1960,segregationists in the Louisana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose Jhon F. Kennedy.(So that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy).The election whould have gone the other way if the due to the electoral college. The electoral college are way too risky to take on. just simply couple of unwilling electors can change the tide of the election.

The electoral college is a unfair process becausse of the winner-take-all system. In the article called What Is The Electoral College", by the office of the Federeal register it quoted most states have a winner-take-all system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. In the other article  "The indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong' ,by Bradford Plumer it quoted , candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states. Electoral  college is a unfair process because of the winner take it all. The winner takes it all system is a unfair process for the American citizens. even with a slightly change in the electoral college could change the tide or even cause a tie in the election.

In conclusion,The electoral college is a unfair process that has cause presidential election to change. The best results for electing president is by the popular vote. Obviously popular votes sounds more efficient and a clean election. The winner-takes it all process counterfits the number of american citizens voting result. Eletoral college process is an extra step to the election with more problems than barely any benefits. Electoral  college should be change and alter in to a different process with clean votes that'll actually be fair for once.    