There is a saying that goes as this; "You can't make everyone happy." One would typically use this saying if an action they make improves the situation for one person, but creates a worse situation for another. However, if Professor Thomas Huang's new 'Facial Action Coding System' proves to be what he says it can be, then Huang believes that there actually is a way to make everyone happy, even in the school setting. The implementation of technology able to read the emotional expressions of children in the classroom is valuable for both the teachers and the students.

Inside a school classroom, there is no doubt that it is hard to please everyone. Therefor, when a student becomes disengaged from the lesson, they often become bored and fall behind in the class. After-all, all students learn differently, so it is inevitable that some of the students will become disengaged. However, with his new technology, Professor Huang predicts that the "classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...then it could modify the lesson" (Paragraph 6). With this technology implemented, anytime a student starts to fall behind during the lesson, the computer could make slight adjustments to the teacher's plans to help redirect the student back on track. It is common knowledge that the more a student falls behind in a class, the harder it becomes to catch up, which in turn makes the student fall behind even more. It is a viscious cycle that all stems from a day of not paying attention that could be averted by this technology.

This technology could also help both students and teachers in a long-term manner. In paragraph 7 of the article, it is revealed that this new technology could "even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one" (Paragraph 7). Say there is a classroom without an emotion-sensing computer. In the classroom there is a student who, behind the fake smile is dealing with something that they cannot tackle on their own. The teacher never notices, and the child goes on without help. Now imagine if there was a computer in that class. Once it sensed the troubling expressions on the child's face, it could flag down the teacher and alert him or her to the students problem, resulting in the child getting the counceling he or she needs. In an extreme case, this classroom technology could end up saving a life.

The amount of improvement a classroom could see if this technology was implemented correctly would be immeasurable. The system could prevent students from falling behind in class because they cannot relate to how the teacher is teaching, and the technology could see through fake expressions hiding more troubled thoughts. With this sort of system, it may actually be possible to "make everyone happy."                         