This might be the hundreth letter opened about this electoral college topic, but this is a very important subject that needs to be run by all of our citizens. Honestly the electoral college is very important because of the fact that after elections after everyone has voted they are the ones that are the electors for the President and the Vice President. Its not like it was made for no reason it was made to make the elections fair, it's not like it's the first time people have wanted to get abolish the Electoral College even many people have wanted to remove this like for example Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, and more but this dosnt mean that it is the right choice. Yes it is agreed that there are some downs to have the Electoral College, plus even the person that the Electoral College votes fo that might not be the person most of the nation choose. Like now in the 2012 elections Obama had more Electoral votes than Romney"Because almost all states award the electorsl votes on a winner-takes all basis." So yes that is why the electoral college shouldn't be removed.

But the Electoral College also have rules in this article by Richard Posner "The Electoral College reguires a presidential candidate to have no tran-regional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect President." Like think about it if one of the big states for example lets say Texas wants to vote for canidate but two smaller states want to vote for another canidate but they don't have enough votes to compete with that one big state then the bigger states would always wn the elections and that dosnt make the elections fair like thet should be and that just makes it worse that "it is" now beacuse with the electoral college it makes the voting fair because they can see the what all the states want and they can choose who is right for the poisition. People might have other opinions and that is completley fine but at the end of the day a disision has to made and it would be best if it was the best desision for the people being made.

Now back to what the downsides are of the electral college "The single best argument against the electoral college what we might call the dissaster factor." a part of Bradford Plumer's article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong." Even just in the name of that article explains everything that event he "best" type of system can be a dissaster, and the entire article cannot be quoted but hopefully with that one quote the point will get across to the people. Everyone should read some sourses before making an disision like this. Not just the people voting so that even the people not voting will fully understand why one disision is being made and whyone isnt being made. This one thing can affect the way electing president will be from now on to the future, unless they deside they want to change it again.

All in all one letter will not change everyone's opinion but it seems like the people who want to remove the electoral college are anachronism instead of the electoral college themselfs it seems like they want to remove them so that the winner take all system will be better on there half so that the running canidate can appeal to the bigger states and win most of their votes."Voters in presidential elections are people who want to expresss a political preferance rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election." There is nother more that can be said but the reason why this letter was written in the first place, to keep the electoral college.    