One text or call could wreck it all

Phones and Driving essay

The national safety council estimates that 1.4million accidents occur every year due to people using their cell phones. 200,000 of those accidents alone are from texting and driving. How some people believe that texting and driving needs to be closely monitored because of the risk it involves. While other people think that it's alright to use your phone while driving as long as you keep glancing at the road as you are replying to your text. This negatively affects teens and their society, and should be strictly avoided.

Using your cell phone causes many distractions for your eyes, your mind, and your actions. It is easily possible for your eyes to slip off the road. Therefore, instead of your eyes locking in on your phone they should be locked on watching your speed, the road and the traffic. At the same time, while driving your mind can only process so much. In addition, your minds need to focus on one thing while driving and that is the road. Simultaneously, the usage of your phone while driving makes your unaware of the happenings that may occur on the road. Current health teens a recent magazine advises when you aren't on the road there's a great danger of missing something pay attention listen because it only takes a matter of time before you get in a wreck. Concentrating is important while driving and breaking the concentrating cause a risk for an accident if you're on the phone tell that person you are driving and that you will call them back later.

Texting while driving not only endangers yourself but other people on the road as well. Texting while driving can limit your response to someone coming out of nowhere, whether if it's a child, an adult, or a group of teens. When having less time to respond to something in the road while texting and driving it may lead to many accidents and deaths. In addition, the usage of your phone while driving can cause a dangerous environment to the people around you on the road. Anyone can walk into the road at any time of the day and staying off your phone prevents anyone including yourself from getting hurt. In the same way, texting while driving causes many dangers risking not only young teens lives, but also adults lives in future accidents. Texting while driving "causes own deaths and others, and need to pay attention to what's going on". Meanwhile, while driving needs to be taken more serious you never know what to expect on the road.

There are many simple solutions to stop texting while driving. You can avoid texting while driving by texting before you drive. You can avoid texting while driving by texting before you drive. Henceforth, having safe driving habits all start with keeping both hands on the wheel, eyes on the road and mind focused on what's happening. Moreover, texting and driving may have a reachable desire but there is a solution by placing your phone out of reach. Above all, placing your phone out of reach helps you pay attention to driving instead of wondering what your messages says. Additionally, to prevent texting while driving simply ignore your phone by turning it off. Drivers safety websites notes to turn off your cell phone. Let your voicemail capture your voice and text messages. In summary turning your cell phone off will prevent any possible accidents making a safe environment.

The numbers speak for themselves, too many accidents have occurred as a result of people using cell phones while driving. Lives continue to be endangered when people think they need to get in touch with friends or family. If we can just wait until we get to our destination before having to contact or respond to our message's danger can be avoided and lives will be saved. Always remember think before you pull out your cellphone before you commit a crime think of other people lives      