Voting is one of the hardest choices a person has to make because in reality the votes for the american perident can be decided by one or two votes sometimes. The two deciding factors in voting are the electoral college and the popular vote of the people. They both make the elections fair but also unfair. Without one the whole election process would not be as good as it is today.

The Electoral College is comprised of a total of 538 electors and to elect a president you need a majority of 270 votes from the 538. This electoral college is comprised of one vote for each representative from your state plus two for the senators. Obviously this gives every state a fair chance to vote but even if lets say Hawaii, North Dakota, and South Dakota wanted republican and Texas wanted democrat Texas' votes would cancel out the others because of the amount of representatives they have compared to the other three states. This is one thing that makes this form of voting very unfair. Obviously it is smart to give somestates more representatives because of their population but that completly defeats the purpose of making it fair because the small states stand no chance against the densely populated ones like Florida, Texas, California, and New York.

The popular vote is the percentage of votes that the president recieves form the people, citizens that are voting for them. The popular vote does not haver as much effect as the Electoral College but it still does make an effect. For example in 2000 when Al Gore had 60% of the popular vote but did not win the presidency because George Bush had the majority of the Electoral College. This is when the popular vote should be more emphasized because obviously the people which is over about 20 Million wanted Gore but the Electoral College vote of more than only 270 people wanted Bush. That is an issue but also some people voting don't really understand what the two people are offering and just vote because one sounds better, looks cooler, your friends are voting for him/her. This is why the popular voting system cannot be fully trusted.

The compare the two topics not one is better than the other and not one can fuction woithout the other. In my perspective it was smart of the founding fathers to create both systems so that the voting would be somewhat fair. In reality even though the popular vote doesn't make a difference it can persuade the representatives of the state to change their mind or it can make them realize that they are making the right decision because of how their state is chosing to vote. This should change their mind because the people elected them knowing that they will vote for who they promised to vote for and will most likely stay true to their state and to their party.

In conclusion both system are great together but apart cannot funcion. The founding fathers and leaders of this country cannot be blamed for making this system because there is really no way to make it fair and they did their best to do so. Now think if you were to design the voting system for the United States of America what woudl you do differently or the same.    