Here in the United States, we have a problem of obesity. So one of the advantages of limiting car usuage is if we do get rid of cars, more walking would be involved, make the streets safer, and stop the polution of the air? Car-free cities seem to be more safe.

Obesity is a big problem in the United States. So instead of us just getting excerise of maybe 20 feet to walking to the car, and then the 45 feet to walk to where we need to go. Lets get rid of cars and if you need some where to go, then walk and dont be lazy and get some excerise. Excerise is not bad for you, and is actually very healthy. Walking is also a good way to relieve stress and get things off your mind. Sometimes people get mad or upset while driving adn there emotions get in the way of there driving and it ends up badly. So if we get rid of cars it would also decrease the number of accidents. When your walking and you get upset or mad you wont have to take it out on the car or anyone else around you. Walking instead of driving is a better motive especially when we have a high obesity rate. There are so many people in this world with insecurity issues and instead of them not doing anything about and wanting there parents to drive them to go hang out with there friends or go to the beach or whatever the thing is, walk to your friends house or walk to the beach that way you feel better about yourself when you get there and feel like you accomplished something and feel like you feel better about yourself.

In a lot of cities and or countries, there are a lot of "non-safe" streets. There are always car accidents, people dying in these car accidents, there used in some kind of violence. Car accidents are one of the most caused death. This is because people are in a rush so they have to do over the speed limit, people driving recklessly and feel that "oh im cool" or "watch me do this" and ends up in something that they thought at the time wouldnt of happened because they thought they had control. So if getting rid of cars would deffinetly dramatically decrease the number of deaths we have just by getting rid of the cars.  Just think of how many lives will be saved! Most of the time thefts are not captured because they always have a run away vehicle to get a way. If we stop using cars, what are they gonna use to get a way? If they try using public transportation to get away, with other people on the bus, he would look suspicious, and get caught. The streets would be a lot safer, especially for adults that have children. Children get snatched up in what? A bicicyle? No, a car. So it would be a lot safer for kids and teenagers to go out and have a good time and not worry about a lot going around them.

We already have more pollution problems then we need. People just dont care anymore about how or where they live and they will just throw any kind of trash they want on the ground. So driving cars just helps the people already littering, the cars are just polluting the air we breathe. So instead of us Americans not giving a crap about what were doing to the wonderful beautiful planet we live on, we should start, and help, but not driving the things that pollute are air.

In a result of limiting car usage, Mr. Goldberg says " Many experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a much larger role." So this means that by approving it this year, there will be more public transportation then people driving there personal cars. Getting rid of cars would decrease a lot of the problems we have now. Some of you might think, "well what if we work for a living and need to get to work?" Well, you can awlays WALK to the public transportation area. Studies have shown that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses. This leaves us wondering, "Has Obama passed peak driving?" Is it gonna make us get lower in obesity, make the streets safer, and stop the pollution of the air? Getting rid of cars will decrease a lot of issues that we have in the world today, so getting rid of or decreasing the car-usage is a positive, not a negative.    