Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think the idea of having a principal making everyone in the school have to do community service is good, but I could be troubling for some people. There has to be a lot of thought put into making this decision, from the person making the decision and their point of view on it to the people that are going to be affected once the decision is made. All this will have to be thought out taking into consideration the type of community service that is going to be required to do .

Different types of community service require certain skills, transportation, and even tools. Helping out at a retirement home is a good way of showing your community support and that you care about all the people in your community but having the transportation to get to where you need to go in order to be able to help out can be a problem. Many of the kids in the school that will be participating in this event cannot drive on their own, they are brought to and from places by their parents. As willingly as this students maybe about helping out, their parents/guardian may not have the time to take them where they need to go. Parents are very busy, not only with their kids, but with work, and adding another thing for them to worry about might not be good. This could also get in the way of their schedule, but this isn't something that has to be done everyday, once a week, is better than nothing.

Community service is good in many ways. If students at a young age grow up with the act of helping others around them they will keep that with them for the rest of their life. Growing up helping people with small acts of kindness as simple as getting an elder person a glass of water, helping someone put in groceries, helping out serve food at a homeless shelter will make you a better person inside and out. By helping out others around you with small things can bring big rewards later on.

Other acts that can be done that are simpler, things such as picking up a piece of trash that you see on the floor on your way home. Helping out your little cousin, or neighbor with his/her homework. This acts as little as they may seem will make a difference in the end.

I think that the idea of having everyone participate in community service is great. Some kids might have difficulties with transportation but minor problems like that can be solved as simply as car pooling with a neighbor or friend, riding a bike which is even better because it helps out the environment, or even walking. And, all these small things that you might have to sacrifice for it, like watching a movie with your friends will be worth it in the end.