When you ask multiple people for advice it is good because they want to help with the situation that you need hep with, they want you do what is best for you, and that person might not want you to get hurt because they might have been in that situation already.

First, when you ask people for advice they would like to help you out because they are your friend and they do not want to see their friend sad. So they want to help you out more and they want you to talk your problems out with them so they can know what is going on and what they are going to do. When a friend is helping you out they want to give you good advice so you do not have to worry and the situation again. When you ask multiple people for advice it is good because they want to help with the situation that you need hep with, they want you do what is best for you, and the person might not want you to get hurt because they might have been in that situation already.

Therefore, your friend want you to do what is best for you because you might be going through a situation and you do not wan nobody to know the situation that you are going through so they want to do what is best for you because they do not want to see you in a bad mood because and they do not wan to be mad at you because you gave them a bad advice and they do not know what to do after. Some people are scared to give their friends advice because their advice might be bad and they do not want you to do what is bad, and they do not wan you to feel bad because you did that person wrong or you did some mean to them and they just feel embarrassed because of what you said to them and how you made them feel.

However, that person that is giving you advice do not want you to get hurt so they would want you to follow your heart and do what is best for you to do and what makes you happy. Whatever comes to your mind and it makes you feel happy you should do whatever makes you happy because you do not always have to listen to your friends advice cause they can always be wrong and they might want you to do something bad and make you fall in a wrong path. That person did not want you to get hurt because they might have been in that situation and that person that been hurt because had some one them advice so they went along with it and they did not get hurt after all.

For example, say my friend is in a situation and she wanted to let someone down easily so she asked for advice I would say she should follow her heart and do was is best for her because say if one of her friends gave her advice and it was not so good she would feel bad and not want to get advice from that person any more. But if i was going through a situation and it was bad I would rather keep it to myself and follow my heart and not ask people for advice because it might be bad and it would be to much for and it it could to people stressing a little to much or feel embarrassed about the situation.

In conclusion, this prompt is trying to say like you should hear some of peoples advice because he would lead you to a good or a bad path because it dependents on the situation and what you are going through if you are going through something and its bad i recommend you to keep it to your self and not let others give through your head because it might lead you to a bad path because some people want to others get hurt and not do so good while they are doing their best to get out of trouble. People want to help you with situations because you will always need a friend to help you with important things or certain things you do not want to tell others so you tell that certain friend and that person helps you so you do not always have to be alone and go through situations on your own.