Dear State Senator ,

I recommand you to keep the Electoral College because , The Electoral College consists of 538 electors ,The Electoral College process consists of selection of the electors ,And each canidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors .

To begin with , i think the state senator should keep the Electoral College because it a fantastic college . Majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President .The District of Columbia Is Allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. The Electoral College is a process , not a place. The Electoral College is widely regared as an anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes the winter .

The Electoral College process consists of selection of the electors , the meeting of the electors where they vote for presisdent and Vice president , and the counting of the electoral votes by congress .The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday In November. Most states have a winner-take-all system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. The Certificate of Ascertainment also declares the winning presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors will represent your state at the meeting of the electors in December of the election year .

Last but not least , Let me remind you that each candidate running for president in you state has his or her own group of electors .There Usually selected by the candidates political party , but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are. Your states certificates of Ascertainments are sent tot he Congress and the National Archives as part of the offcial records of the presidential election . After the presidential election , your governor prepares a ' Certificate of Ascertainment' listing all of the candidates who ranfor president in your state along with the names of their respective  electors .    