I truthfully believe this is not created by aliens. Even if the artifact was created by aliens we have no proof of actually seeing them. NASA denies that there is not any other logical proof of aliens, but NASA's budget really wishes there was an ancient civilization. It would mean great publicity and further exploration into science. As a scientist learning about this you may believe anything within earshot. Whatever could seem logical, could not really be what is really right. Confusing as this argument sounds, I really believe that aliens never would have made this artifact. Could something like this happen? Do they really exsist?

Nature is different on mars, how is this effective? Mars has different climates and weather storms that we don't experience on earth. Maybe, the "face" is a weathered rock and when shadows cross over it it really looks like a face. Does that seem truthful enough to you? Or even believable? Sometimes when we look at clouds they can be different shapes as what we think they look like. To you, this is artifact that needs further examination. If we could excavate it from Mars we could further our studies on what truly made this rock really look like a face. How could this happen, you may ask? The cost of getting another spaceship to Mars and having a crew does cost alot of money, I understand. NASA made the last possible missions come true, would we be putting the people in that spaceship in danger?

Mars really isn't that safe, that may be why people dont life on Mars without a suit and oxygen tank. Because something bad could really happen up there, and we need contact with earth to tell whats going on. That may put people in danger sending the crew up there. We can only think and hope that the artifact was created by aliens. The face on Mars is an icon for magazines and movies like "The Martian" and books like "The Lunar Chronicles". A single dicovered thing can turn sellers into money-makers easliy. All these fanatsy in books and movies, really can make us believe what we believe.

Pictures say that shadows make it look like a face. To me the artifact looks like a giant rock, with holes in it. When the shadows of clouds do come along it looks like a face. We may reallly never know who, what, or how this confusing landmark was made. The whole solar system moves around the sun, sometimes they said that they couldnt find Cydonia. Its stuck behind the cloud storms, but this face is really a natural landform on Mars. Now pictures can be photoshopped can't they? If this really was a face why does it look the way it does? From early pictures they turned out blurry and you cant really see the face. I still dont see the face.

Some say the camera doesnt lie, well in this case it may. If aliens were there making these faces wouldnt there be more? it would be a culture to them, or a ceremonial thing. We may never know. All these questions have no answer to them. What is really happening on Mars? Why were the artifacts made, but its really something we will never understand.

If aliens did make the artifact where are they? Wouldnt we see something about them or some weird signals coming from them? Aliens dont really exsist, as much as the subject wraps around our brains, it really leaves us clueless on what we know and what we dont know. Since we really have no proof, I believe that aliens did not make this artifact, found on Mars. I could be wrong to some people, but i believe my claim is true. There really may be a civilization on Mars if we could really think about it and further our studies. But for now i believe this artifact is really just a weathered rock on the face of Mars. 