Dear State Senator,

I feel as if we should have a say on who we vote for President...Am I right? But at the same time we do need a majority of votes from a Electoral College who knows a little bit more then us. That is why Im here to say that Election by popular vote for the President of the United States would be better then having a Electoral College that is most likely Segregationists vote for us.

It is said that if we would had popular votes for the President instead of Electoral College,we would most likely have a better chance of getting a President that would be the best at his country then to get someone that is just a favorite of a country of a state by segregationists,meaning someone that just like you from your race or skin color,but at the same time the Electoral College is established cause of our founding fathers as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the president by a popular vote. A Electoral College is consist of 538 electors and 270 electoral votes are required to elect the President,we on the other hand,get a few people that we voted on for voting for the president and vice president,and sometimes that can be the wrong president we pick or get confused picking the wrong candidates. But I feel the people who support who we have as Presidents should be abled to have a say on what they think and feel on the President,cause after all,we need someone to look up to.

Another way that I feel the popular vote should be the best thing then the Electoral College is that in Source 2:Pharagraph 14, it explains how the Electoral College is unfair,outdated,and irrational,its like even if we won our votes then basically the Electoral College won dued to The winner-take-all system in each state. I feel this is unfair cause its basically stating that the Electoral College vote is the vote that they will accept even though we are voting to,but at the same time they have more say and know how on what we dont know about the Presidents and the Vice Presidents,but having favored seperation based on race. Source 3:phargraph 23 explains that the Electoral College method of selecting the President may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state,I feel as if popular voters dont look into political preference then to just pick a vote and hope that their pick is going to be the President. The Electoral College gets into all the questions and discuss who would be the best, however, a popular vote would just be that the person is their favorite just like the Electoral College.

Mr. State Senator,If I had a choice between keeping the Electoral College or a popular Vote, I would pick a popular vote cause the Electoral College is pretty crashed and it really fair. I say give people a chance and let them vote.  Picking a pedigree plurality of votes from the Electoral College then from the Popular votes isnt fair based on us. No voters vote swings a national election,and in spite of that,about one-half the eligible American population did vote in the election of 2012,as said in pharagraph 23. I think that Voting for the popular vote would be better then Electoral College cause it would be the states vote instead of just a majority of peoples vote that only want a president that is not validated for success for us.                    