Would you like to be forced to choose an extracurricular activity that you don't like?

The principal's idea of all students participating in at least one extracurricular activity is a bad idea because not every students like extracurricular activity, there are not a variety of activities to choose from, and some students already participates in some extracurricular activities outside of school.

To began with, participating in at least one extracurricular activity is a bad idea because not every students likes extracurricular activities.

Extracurricular activities are not everyone's favorite, most students would rather do their school work than extracurricular activities.

One reason for that is the amount of work the students are receiving.

The teachers are giving students an extreme amount of work that the student's interest towards extracurricular activities has declined.

A way to fix the problem is to make the lessons less ornate, and more simple.

In addition, participating in at least one extracurricular activity is a bad idea because there isn't a variety of choices for the students. The school has some choices for extracurricular activities such as sports, year book, and student council.

There are not many selections that are available for them.

For example, if a student doesn't have a favorite choice, then they would be forced to choose something they don't favor.

That would diminish their view towards school and the principal.

The school can create more choices for the students to pick from, and it could make a difference.

Last, participating in at least one extracurricular activity is a bad idea because many students already participates in some kind of extracurricular activities outside of school. Extracurricular activities such as swimming which is not possible to be done in school.

I think schools should focus on the main subjects such as Math, Science, and English, and not extracurricular activities.

Even if there are extracurricular activities in school, there should be a choice for it.

In conclusion, the principal's idea of all students participating in at least one extracurricular activity is a bad idea because not every students like extracurricular activity, there are not a variety of activities to choose from, and some students already participates in an extracurricular activities outside of school.

Extracurricular activities should be a choice not a must.

I hope the principal uses my ideas to make the extracurricular activities more suitable for the students.  