Humans now live in a world where technology is accessed from all parts of the world. They are at a point where one does not need to be at the same place, or even country, to communicate. In some countries, a small number of businesses have even used technology to their advantage, and allow their workers to have the choice to work at home. However, when it comes to school, it is very different in the sense that students can be very limited when it comes to quality education and resources, which is important for a growing child. I believe students would not benefit attending classes from home because there would be a lack of adult supervision and there won't be a hands on experience.

If students chose the option to attend classes online, then there would be no adult or teacher to supervise them at home, allowing the chance for students to not get work done and cheat. Without a teacher, students can be easily distracted and may use the computer for innapropiate reasons instead of school work; consequently, students would not get any work done or gain any knowledge from the lesson. Another reason why teacher supervision is crucial for students is because of false integrity. Some students are responsible with their work, and can be trusted to not cheat; however, not all teens are the same when it comes to free will. Since there is no teacher to watch them, these students have the chance to cheat if they wish, just because they would have the opportunity to do so. They would not benefit from cheating, so schools should prevent this by having all children present in the classroom. With no adult supervision, there is an open window for cheating and incomplete work.

Students benefit a lot from participation and a hands on environment in the classroom, but online, you don't get the same experience. At home, a student has limited resources and won't be able to receive support and feedback from teachers and classmates. If a student takes a class online, there won't be any teacher to tell him or her what and how to do the work. And so if a student is stuck on what they're supposed to do, or if they did something incorrectly, then they won't be have the chance for improvement or learn from their mistakes. Feedback is critical for a student's growth, and without a personal relationship with a teacher, there is no growth. Another reason why students need to be hands on and physically present in a classroom is because teachers create activities such as group projects, to make learning easier to understand. At home, a student won't be able to participate in class activities, making them not as socially or mentally compatible with peers. School not only teaches students textbook information, but it also teaches them how to work with other people, which is crucial when applying for a job or business. Without the chance to receive critical feedback and participate in the classroom, then students won't be able to improve or benefit.

Although some may argue that when a student takes classes online, parents can guide them through their child's lessons. They are wrong because parents aren't professionally trained, like teachers, to know what material their child needs to learn for one class, let alone seven classes. It would take time for parents to be taught how to properly teach to their children, and even if they can, they may not have the time to. Further more, most parents work at the same time school is in session; parents should not be depended on to home school every day and every week. Even if a parent can stay at home, they would most likely have the more important matters of completing chores, such as cleaning and cooking, for the family.

Due to the lack of a teacher presence and of participation in a classroom, I believe that teens would not benefit from receiving education from home. Without a teacher, who has been trained for years, a student cannot focus on his or her work, and can fall behind other teens who are the same age. And without a personal experience in a classroom, students who take online classes won't be able to learn from mistakes or interact and gain feedback from teachers and peers. Schools were made to be a learning environment for children, so that they can get ready for life after school. But when you stay at home, you don't know how to be prepared.