Dear State Senator, We should forget about the system of electorial college to vote for a president. It just isn't fair, reason why is beacause you are electing people to vote for the person who is trying to be president of the U.S although that doesnt mean that you both are voting for the same person that's trying to be president of the U.S. The electorial college system is corrupted and needs to stop being used to elect a president.

To begin, In the source 2 they state the following "60% of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." Reasons why is because the electorial college is unfair it can make the person who had most of the votes lose because of the people who voted for the person to vote for a president choose the other runner up and make the person with the most votes actually lose. This is why people wish to have a direct election so they wont have to worry about their vote not going to the other runner up president.

Secondly, The reason why the electorial college is wrong is because we dont have our own voice; but the slate of electors do which can be pretty much anybody. For example in the article "What's wrong with the electorial college" they state (If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors that pledged to Kerry) these elctors can be anyone and still doesn't have to be voting for him though.

Although, If the people can rebalence the electorial college system then it can be somewhat a good thing. I can see how it can be somewhat balenced already; stated in the first source "the whole electorial college has a total of 538 electors. The president you wish to elect has to have a majority of 270 electorial votes in order to win." That means they need to have 270 more votes than the other president too.

Finally, so should the electorial college be abolished? unless people can find ways to limit the loosing president to come back with electoral votes, then yes this system should be banned.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME    