Dear Principal,

Community service offers an opportunity to kids and adults who feel they want to do something for the community. I being a person who very much appreciate the place we live in, have decided to write this letter to tell you why community service should be required for at least 10 hours every school year. Of course some students wouldn't like that, but it would be a way of teaching them to do good not only for themselves but also for others who do appreciate and want to feel good for what they do.

Knowing that no one wants to be in a dirty or bad community, community service helps build self-control as well as self confidence. Helping out seniors in homes is a great way to help others that after so long of hard working now need a way to know they did a great job in their life and that they're being appreciate. Doing some garden help might be a big mess but it's a great way to help the community out, even at a school. Another good way of helping a student is to have them help those in need, which helps them be thankful for what they have and to not give up on their goals. I am not only saying this for the good of others, I am also saying this with experience, not only from myself but other friends of mines that have changed from the help of doing community service for their school or for another requirement.

I being a helpful person to the community and others who needs the help feel that community service is a pay-off to knowing your helpful. I believe that community service should be required because no doubt that every teacher wants a self-controlled person in their class, I am not saying that every person will be made to be caring or controlled, but they will know that doing those things do pay off when you look back and think at them. Some studies have also showed that helping out does build a self-made person with respect for themselves and others. This will also make the school look good with all the students who do help to create the community better.

I am hoping you think about my discussion and see every way that benefits the school to be better then it is. Of course you may not agree with me in some points of view, but I would really be glad if we discussed the issue, hoping we have the same views, I hope you enjoyed the letter.      