First of all, I feel like it's pretty reliable, BUT one of the parts that threw me off was when Professer Nicu Sebe said that shes "83% happy, 9% disgusted, 6% fearful, and 2% angry."

Professer Nibu said the process begins when the computer construts a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. Movement of one or more muscles is called an "action unit. Then his friend Dr. Huang relies on the work of psychologists such as Dr. Paul Eckman, the creator of FAC (Facial Action Coding). Dr Huang then observed that "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression."

By using video imagery, the new emotion recognition software tracks the facial movements in either or real face or painted picture of Mona Lisa. By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions, each expression is compared against a neutral face. In fact, Dr. Huang said that we humans perform the same impressive calculation everyday, like for instance, me going to one of my close friends and seeing them frowning I will assume that they're upset about something.

According to the machine if you frown at it, the next ad will be different. I feel like a machine like this would be very useful for computers so they can track if a student is getting distracted, tired or bored, because I feel like it could give the student a warning or something to not fall asleep during a test. And lastly, no, the expirement didn't really make me happy, I tried smiling and it felt awkward.

According to the "Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion" moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but it may even help producethem in a way, which was very shocking to me because I never knew anything could work like that. Reading this article made me feel smarter in a way, learning something I've never heard or seen before. But in conclusion I feel as if this article is helpful and should be seen to my peers. 