Dear Mr. Senator,

To keep the Electoral College or to change the election by popular vote is the question many people are facing today. There are many different reason why we should keep, and same for as why we should change it. I believe we should change the election from the Electoral College to popular vote because, with the Electoral College people are voting for a slate of electors not an actual presidential canidate, it is unfair for our American people, and most people prefer the popualr vote.

By voting for a presidential canidate you are actually voting for a slate of electors who vote for the presidental canidate. This means that our votes don't really count for much. It also means that even though we voted for someone the slate could have voted for someone completely different. Also we the people have no idea who the electors are. Who even picks them? The electors that are chosen depends on the state, sometimes it's the state conventions, sometimes the states party's central committee, and sometimes it can be the presidential canidate himself. Some voters didnt even see campaigne ads, so how did they chose their presidential caidate? They didn't, the Electoral College did.

America is suppose to be a free state, that is fair, but are we really? The Electoral College is one thing I can point out as unfair. Most states have a "winner-take-all" system, that awards all electors to the winning presidential canidate, but what if the people didn't want that candiate? Why should he get our way of speaking to the government? How are we even sure that he didn't elect himself? Also canidates don't spend time in the states they know they will have a chance of winning because of biasim. They mainly focus on the tight races in the "swing" states.

In reality we all want our way, or our voice and or actions to make an impact, with the Electoral College that's not happening, which is making the people of our country unhapy with the government, which means we all can't get along. Most people prefer elections to be based on popular vote so they know they get what they want, so they know they're actually making an impact.

With this being said, I believe I have made my impact on your thoughts of the question, " to keep the Electoral College, or change election to popular vote?". The Electoral College has both it's upsides and it's downside, but I believe it has more flaws than perfections. Yes, it has been around for many decades and is apart of our histroy, maybe it worked then, but it's not working now. And we need to make a change before things get worse.

Sincerially,

PROPER_NAME    