I feel like that the use of the emotional expressions of students in a class room is not good. First of all it is not 100% offical.. Second of all it could fill you computer with viruses. last one is that it could be a lot of money to get in and most likly to fix it. It is a lot of work getting one of those and the thing is why buy it or even consider it, if it is not offical.

The facial action coding system is not totaly offical. In the story it says that it uses you face to tell what going on or something. They say that they can tell if it is a real smile or a fake one by your muscules. The muscles called orbicularis make croe's feet around your eyes, but then a fake smile, the mouth is streched sidesways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle called the risorius. Then is said that if an ad pops up and you are happy then the facial action coding system is going to think you like it then more and more are going to be poping up. Sense it said that it can tell eveything just by four face. The rusults won't be right. For people that wear makeup the facial action coding system is not going to get the right results. You might have a facial problem or something wrong with you muscles. That you wouldn'd be able to simle perfectly. Then it will give you wrong results

The fact that facial action coding system is basiclly thinking and telling you how to feel it doesn't really know what you really feel. I feel like sense the camera is always going to just be watching you to see what you are feeling that is creepy. Like it said it if thinks your happy when an ad pops up it's going to pull up more and more ads and you might even get a virus. It is going to end up making some damages to your computer. Most likely people are not going to feel safe. What if someone gets to hack you computer. They are going to be watching you all day, everyday.

Sense it said that it will cost a lot of money to get it. I won't be fair if some schools have it and if some don't. The facial action coding system will be hard to get. Some school can just get enough for the basic's. If they can't even get enought to get one what if is stops working or something goes wrong. The people are going to have to find more moeny just ot fix it. Most likely, they are going to have to stop doing some clubs or some after school activities thing like that. Just to try to afford the moeny to fix the program. 