For students, summer projects can feel like a lot, summer break is supposed to be filled with fun times and vacations while projects are almost the exact opposite. Removing summer projects all together isnt an option, so when it comes to the question "should summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed" teacher-designed projects reign supreme, as it benefits both the student and the teacher in multiple different ways.

As a teacher, your main job is proving students with a learning experience that will help them grow as people. Having a student design a summer project would not be nearly as powerful as the impact a teacher-designed project would. Teachers are well informed and know a lot more than most students and because of this it is their responsibility to provide a student with a project rather then have them create one themselves. This is especially reinforced in younger children, such as grades k-6, as they still need a lot of direction and having a student-designed project would not be as viable or coherent as a teacher-designed project.

Teachers have it difficult sometimes, as they are trying their best to provide students with a learning experience, but teachers also deserve to have their job be a little easier. Creating a teacher-designed project as opposed to a student-designed one, would be far easier to grade and create a rubric for. In student-designed projects you have a lot of variety and no one follows a central guideline, however in a teacher-designed project, you can maintain the variety but also contain a set of rules that benefits both the students and teachers, as the students have more clearly defined rules to guide and provide structure to their projects. This also benefits the teachers, as they can easily grade the assignment and provide a fair grading experience.

Finally, teachers have everyone's best interest at heart when designing projects. Teachers will always design something challenging and beneficial to the students education. Students, especially younger ones, cannot be trusted to design a project that would be as beneficial as a teacher-designed project. Students often take shortcuts or the easy way out and while sometimes this can be beneficial to the students and their education, it is more often harmful then doing it the right way and teaches them to be lazy. A teacher-designed project on the other hand, would be designed with the thoughts of providing an enriching experience to the student and hopefully making them a more successful and educated person.

Teachers play well informed, and important roles in a students life while they develop, and education is a very big part of student development so, projects should be designed with a teachers interests at heart. Because of that, when it comes down to it, teacher-designed projects are generally more helpful, easier, and responsible then a student-designed project would be.