In this essay, I'm going to talk about the new softare, that is called the Facial Action Coding system, which can help the computer to knows if we are sad, happy or angry. Putting the example of the subject of Leonardo da Vinci's called Mona lisa. I'll explain why this software is a very good idea, for the teachers and the students too. The software can calculate "emotions" like math homework. Just recognizing the subtle facial movemets that persons use to express how they feel.

The new software, the Facial Action Coding System, has promising application for a variety of industries. It's a new software that can recognize emotion, and it's the last innovation from prof. Thomas Huang and his colleague Are experts that are trying to do better ways for human an computers to communicate. This process begins when the computer does a 3-D model of the face; creating at least of 44 major muscles making it move like human muscles. Eckman has classifies six emotions ( happines, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and saddnes) Associating each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. For example: your muscles above your eyes rais your eyebrowns when you are surprised. The software can even identify mixed emotions. Each expression is compared against a neutral face.

A big example is The subject of Leonardo da Vinci's, Mona lisa. Da vinci studied anatomy to thelp them paint facial muscles for paint special emotions. This subject is really intented to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how this can computer can do. Your PC can't handle the use to decode Mona lisa smile. But this invent can write down simple instructions that "encode" differet emotions. For example, if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different.

This software makes the computer could recognize when a student is bored or confused, then it could modify the lessons, like an human, It's great right?. It can indicate the difference between a genuinie smile and a forced one. To finish with some cientifics conclusions and understand better your boddy. According to the Facial

Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not ont only express emotions, but also may help produce them. A example is when a drama coach tells to his actor carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage because empath might happen when you see someone else expressions.

In conclusion a think this is a good idea, because you can problably know when a friend is feeling just looking on his face, so imagic that a software in your computer can know that, is amazing right?. Also this project helps a lot to the students when a subject is hard and they get confused, this is going to help you, or when you are reading too much, then you get bored. This software project would act as an human.