There are a lot of things that develop and hold a Electoral College together. There are also a lot of down falls to the Electoral College. Every state has 1 House of Representative plus 2 of your Senators in the Electoral College. There are a total of 538 people but 270 of them is the majority vote that wins. There are a total of 5 reasons why we have to keep this method to choosing the president. The 5 ways are Certainty of outcome,Everyone's President,Swing States,Big States and Avoid Run-Off Elections.

The main reason we have a Electoral College is so they have a right way to choose a president. The main reason for this is so that we dont leave our electing in the hands of foriegn people/immiagrants. The is what the president needs to get elected in the electoral college. There are still a lot of down falls to this method of the electoral college though. One of these issues is "at the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voter". This means "winner takes all" which is they only focus on the bigger states and not the smaller ones because the bigger states have bigger population which means they have more in the electoral college. Another issue with this method is that the person thats running for president might get the popularity vote but still not win. See everyone that votes isnt really voting directly for the president, the people who really count is the electoral college. In order to win the vote you have to convice the electoral college and thats not always easy. So remember just because you won popular vote doesnt mean you won the majority of the electoral vote.

There are 5 reasons why we keep this method of electing the president. The first reason is Certainty of Outcome. This means "it's less likley than a dispute over the popular vote." Which really means the candidates share to the other people in the Electoral college there share of the popular vote and thats how they vote. The second reason is Everyone's President. This is basically shows that "the Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal." This means that no region such as south,northwest,etc. has enough electoral votes to elect a president. The third resone to keeping these methods is Swing States. This tells me that its the "winner takes all method." The fourth method why we should keep these methods is the Big States. This explains that "the Electoral College restores some of the wieght in the political balance." this means that the bigger states get a big advantage in the electoral because the people that get elected into office there is based off of population so they have an advantage. THe bigger states get more attention from the candates then the smaller states do. The final reason why we should keep this method of voting is Avoid Run-Off Elections. This means "the Electoral College aviods the problem of Elections in which no candidates recieves a majority of the votes cast". This means no pressure for candidates when they win majority of the votes cast.

There are many ways to develop and to hold the Electoral College together. There are many ways that it falls apart and has it flaws but its the best way for our econany to vote for president. If you think about it if we just did popularity vote that would be like leading our hands into a world of immigrates who know a very little. There a lot of rules for our Electoral process buyt its the best way and the only way we have to becoming a better place. Dont forget to look at the 5 reasons we keep this the way it is.    