The electoral college in many peoples eyes is a good thing but, there is a majority of other people who would much rather have a more direct vote because all though one president got the popular vote among the voters, the electoral votes count differently. One direct vote could count for ten votes or it could count for two votes and most people would rather have their vote count as just their vote. Electoral votes in a lot of peoples minds is just unfair all around. One president could be the favorite among the voters but the electors the president has to back him up with electoral votes could maybe not be as big as another presidents electors and its pretty much, in many peoples eyes, giving the least popular among the people president an easier way to become president.

Adults that vote like knowing that their vote really counts for the person theyre voting for. That is why people would much rather have a direct way of voting than the electoral college, which is taking one vote from one person, and say there are thirty electors in that one slab for the person you voted for, and giving that person thirty votes for the person they want elected. People find this way of voting unfair because they dont like the fact that the person they voted for could get the most popular votes, but the number of electors there are for the person is not very many, so their votes count as less than others do. Many feel that they are being deprived of their right to vote because one person could be voting but they get 10 votes while another peson could be votin and only get 6 and its not equal for all people.

People who vote for a president that gets the most popular votes, and they dont win the election, can start big disputes among the way the elections are carried out. When a president wins only the electoral votes and not the popular vote, many dont feel like they are actually their president. Most people would prefer direct voting because it actaully makes everybodys votes count equally and everybody has equality. Winning electoral votes doesnt show that you won because the majority of people wanted you to win, it shows you have many supporters to give you more votes through the electoral college.

Direct voting would be a better way to vote so that everybody felt like their votes really counted towards who they voted for and that they arent getting cheated because one president has more electors supporting them. The electoral college is not based on equality because everybodys votes count differently due to supporters or electors who are pretty much the ones getting the votes. fixing the way people vote and how they vote can change the way some people feel towards the preident no matter who they are. Let the people vote for who they want and not the electors because it would make more people more open to vote than there are now.            