ADVICE!! People talk to more than one person for advice because they could have better options. The more options a person has a better way they could do something. People from experience should have better advice then people that has not had the experience. The more advice you get the better off you are more advice becomes into better ideas. Advice also can give you more ideas and bigger and better ideas.

The first reason I think that seeking to multiple people trying to find advice is that people with the experience of the task can help you. People from experience should have better advice then people that has not had the experience. The more experience someone has normally can give you good advice about the task.

When I need help with something I personally like to go talk to older people because they are the most likely to know how to do it and make it easier for you. That is why I go to older people for advice 95% of the time.

The final reason I think asking multiple people for advice is to give the person better options for the task and possible better ideas for another project or task. I have asked people for advice for fixing a flat tire and I have asked multiple people for advice. Nobody seemed to know how to fix a flat without just buying a new tire. Then I asked my Grand-Pa for some advice and he said I have a perfect substance for this. He came out of the shed with some of this green stuff and he told me to squirt this in youre tire. I went home and squirted in my tire and it fixed my flat. Now this green stuff helps me with a lot of flat tires. If I havent of asked a lot of people then I would of had to get a new tire for all of my ATV's, UTV's, when they got a flat this green stuff has saved me a lot of money.

This is why I think you should ask more than one person for advice.

People from experience should have better advice then people that has not had the experience. The more advice you get the better off you are more advice becomes into better ideas. I hope this essay inspired you to ask people for more advice.                 