Swish swash the boat tips back and forth as we head forward.

LOVE animals, water, or everything become a Seagoing Cowboy. This will help you freshen up. You will be able to see fish, seagles, whales, dolphins, and much more. You will see many other people and you can comepeat in baceball, volleyball, table- tennis, fencing, and evan boxing. Not realy the sportsey kind of person thats fine you can read, write, whisle, and play other games.

Bang chrash heho the animals may make a lot of noise but ......... their sooooooooo cute. You feed the houres, the ponyes, and many more animals. ''I always say life is not always about what you feel the world consist of others or dose Albert Eistine say that I can not reamember anymore'' ''I know life is not seved to you on a silver plater you have to work for it BUUUT for a hourse it is toutilyey not fair I mean why do they get it all and we have to give it to them. SOOOO sorry I got of tipice waaaaaayyyyyy off topic.''

So as I was saying the needs of others come first not your own when your a Seagoing Cowboy.

It is all around you it is blue it is wet what is it...? it is water. a The water dose not come from a skink it comes from omm Well i do not know where it comes from. You can feel that ocen brease going throurth your hair. That solty air filling your lunges it is exstrodinary.

Mony mony who dose not LOOOOVE mony. The joney back is allll free time you can do what evver you want. So you get paid for doing nothing cool right. will at least I do. become a Seagoing Cowboy.

You might say I have to clean up poop gross. Well you are right sorry but it is worth it. I get sea sick. Then sty in the bottom of the ship. Idon't like fish. aThen do not look at them ovily. I have probles or isuse. Then stop with alllll the complaining.

Become a SEAGOING COWBOY now; you will not ever for get it. More info?: Go to www. More info on Seagoing Cowboys. joyn // have fun // .com

It will be the beest diseshion you will make ever.          