Why is it more beneficial to seek multiple opinions when making a decision? When people ask for advice, they are usually conflicted about something, or don't know what to do. The reason that one person asks for advice could be because they don't know what shoes to wear, or it could be because they need advice about something bigger, like what house to buy. Either way, they are still seeking other people's opinions. When you are asking a person for advice, you want a definite answer. You could ask one person for advice about what shoes to wear, and they could say black, and then you could ask someone else for advice about the same thing, and they could say a different answer. The reason You shouldn't base your decision off of just one person's opinion, is because their opinion is very different than someone else's opinion.

For example, if you were debating between which outfit you should wear, you would most likely ask for other people's opinions. Seeking multiple people's opinion would be much more accurate and beneficial to you, because then you would have more than just one person's thoughts and opinions to base your decision off of. You could ask one person for their advice on which outfit you should wear, and they would say one answer, and then you could ask for someone else's opinion on what outfit you should wear, and they could say a completely different answer. However, when you ask multiple people for their opinions, you are getting a much more accurate response. If you were to ask ten people for their advice on which outfit you should wear, and eight people said one outfit and two people said a different outfit, chances are you would wear the outfit that eight people chose.

Another example of how seeking multiple people's advice can help you make a better decision is If you were debating whether or not to end a friendship. You would most likely want your other friends advice on what to do. Chances are you would go to multiple different friends and ask them for advice on what to do. If you were to just ask for one of your friends opinions, it would be less accurate than asking for five of your friends opinions. Your one friend that you asked could be prejudice against your other friend, and give you a false, or bias, opinion. However, when you ask multiple friends for their opinion, you get to hear all their opinions, and have a reliable source to base your decision off of.

In conclusion, when you are seeking advice, it is much more beneficial for you to seek multiple people's opinions instead of just one person's opinion. It is more accurate, beneficial, reliable, and shows you what the majority of people think. It also gives you a definite answer, instead of just one person's thoughts. It also stops you from making a bias, or prejudice, decision. It shows you what the majority of people think, and lets you hear from everyone. From seeking advice on something as small as what shoes to wear, or as big as what house to buy, you should always seek multiple people's opinion instead of just one person's. 