Face The Landform?

Everyone seems to believe that the face on mars was created by Aliens. They say that the scientists are wrong by saying it was a natural landform. But, do they actually do research like the scientists do? There are many reasons that the face on mars is just a lanform, and here are those reasons.

First off, when NASA's Vicking one spacecraft was just circling and roaming around it came across something unexpecting. By snapping a few pictures, they believed it was a face. Later, when it was revealed to the world, people believed that aliens had made that mark on mars. The texts says, that no one has past over that "face" in awhile. So how come a few pictures identify a face by using one camera? So that's when scientist decided to investigate the face on mars.

After scientists did a little research on their own, "The Face" turned out to actually be a messa that is common around the american west. How can that be? Well, i will expect no one to believe that because for 25 years it was known as the face on mars. Scientists had to travel up to space by Mars and snap several pictures of the face. After they did their research collected thir data it came out to be a landform.

Some say that the scientists used a digital three image camera. What's the difference its just a camera. Well, that camera captured the truth about mars. For proof, if you looked online you can actually see what was really there. Even NASA's spacecraft revealed it to be a messa. So, it was just a false staement. There was no alien monument, in the first place. So for 25 years the face on Mars was actually a messa. But NASA would rather hide the truth about what they saw. So until, it's revealed as an actual face, it will be known as a messa or some peopel still say it's the face of Mars.

So with that all said, the face turned out to be a messa. So with the actual data, everyone should know that it is a messa. So wa sthe face really created by aliens, no it was not. It was really a landform.            