Being sick is a natural part of life, and one of the downsides to this is you miss school and work that needs to be done, but if a student could attend class from home that wouldnt be a worry any more. If a student gets behind in classes that student can become stressed and break down and become even more behind. Being behind in classes can also cause drops in grades in the classes that student is behind in. If ones grades are bad then that individual can have a difficult time applying for colleges and being accepted into said colleges. Attending class from home is beneficial because it helps students stay caught up on work, keeps a students grades from dropping too much or at all, and to keep them up to speed with whats happening in class while they are away.

Not being at school can hurt your grades but also your work load, and if ones work load gets increasingly bigger then ones stress gets bigger. For example Generic_Name stayed home today because he was not feeling his best, but while he was away his history class announced a huge project thats worth seventy percent of that quarters grade and he missed the explanation. If Generic_Name knew about this he would not have stayed home that day, and Generic_Name's grade in history is not very good and doing good on the project will shoot his grade up. In addition Generic_Name doesnt have any friends he can really talk to about the project outside of school, causing him to panic and scramble to get information. Generic_Name is experiencing lots of stress as she was gone for two weeks vacationing and being sick. Her teachers demanded that she turn in all of the work that was given out turned in by at least the next two or three days. Generic_Name starts to struggle because she has lots to do and does not have the time to finish it all in such a small amount of time. Being able to attend class from home or anywhere could have saved her from all of this stress. Being able to attend class from home is a great way to help students remain caught up and to keep them from becoming too stressed out on amount of work.

If a students grades drop there can be consequences at home and at school, to prevent this a student can attend class online while he is away to make sure he doesnt miss anything important. Generic_Names grades dropped and his parents took away his gaming console and his phone to make sure he pulls his grades back up. Also he missed out on attending a class from home, for his school because he didnt have internet, and failed a test. his parents forced him to do online class to pull up his grades while on vacation in a couple of days. Generic_Name slowly pulled up his grades while away on vacation by using the online classes site to catch him up and got his gaming console back and his phone back.

While students are away they can miss out on valuable information and notes, and can be left behind with nothing to look back on. Generic_Name was out sick while his math class took notes but he used the classes from home site to stay tuned with his class and was able to take notes with the rest of the class even when he wasnt physically there. Since Generic_Name did that he didnt fall behind and stayed right with his classmates and when he returned he knew exactly what to do and had all the notes to help him with his classwork. Also Generic_Name took time to do further research on his computer on the subject and got more information and scored the highest in his class. Attending classes from home can be a waist of valuable time and can keep people from doing what they want to do. Being proactive can also help in wanting to improve grades and then that person will attend classes at home while away to stay informed about any up and coming events/tests.

Classes from home can be the better way to go, as they keeps students caught up on the work the class is doing while one is away, it can keep a students grades from dropping too much, and can keep students informed about class while they are away. The class still goes on even when students are away so when a student has a resource like attending classes from home can be better then even going to class in the first place. The classes can become harder but you have more freedom and your own time. Attending class from home is the best way to go when something is keeping you out of the real classroom.