Dear state senator,

The Electoral College that was established by the founding fathers in the Contitution is important to all of us. Every candidate that is running for President in each state has its own group of electors that the political party of the candidate chose. I am however, not in favor of keeping the Electoral College but to change it to be an election by popular vote for the president of the United States, the reason being that it is unfair to the voters and outdated.

The Electoral College is unfair to it's voters. If the candidate has more electoral votes than popular votes then they have a higher chance of winning. "Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prewfer a direct election to the kind we have now" (Plumer, Paragraph 9). The president is the leader of the United States and if most of our country votes on a candidate they think suites the best but the other candidate wins, that would make many voters dissapointed. "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning" (Plumer, Paragraph 13). Every vote counts, and the candidate that gets the most popular votes deserves the win.

Since our founding fathers established the Electoral College it shows that it is outdated. "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational" (Plumer, Paragraph 14). This is the twenty-first century, and we need to make our elections more modernized to where every voter is happy. A voter should not vote for an elector and hope that the candidate wins but be able to vote for the candidate itself. Even though there are many people against the Electoral College, it still has its defenders. "This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency" (Plumer, Paragraph 9). As there are people who believe that whatever our founding fathers established we need to keep our tradition going and not change a single thing, but maybe it's time for a change. "Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than poeple who thing that single vote may decide an election" (Posner, Paragraph 23).

"It's hard to say this, but Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college" (Plumer, Paragraph 14)! The voters think the Electoral College is unfair and outdated. People vote for a candidate but the outcome is not what they were expecting. The candidates that get the most popular votes deserve to win!

Sincerely,

Dissapointed voter    