January 28th, 2011

Dear Principal,

Community service can be a big way to help others. You usually need to do community service when you are either getting your confirmation done, or if you are in an honor society. Some people like to do community service for the joy of it though.

In my opinion, all students should perform community service. Helping the community can make you feel good about yourself and it is also very helpful to the environment around you. It does take time away from you, but that time is used to help others. If you just stay home all day on the computer or watching television, community service would be something to take your mind off of doing that. Or also, if you are constantly bored, community service cold even be a way of entertainment for yourself. Community service is a way to get out of your laziness and do something.

There are a lot of people out there who need help with your community service. Some children for example need tutoring in certain subjects that you may be able to help with. Another example is cleaning up litter in your local park or just on the streets outside your house. Elderly people can get lonely sometimes and a great way of community service would be to write them letters for the holidays and bring them happiness. If you are interested in arts and crafts you can get together with friends and make artwork for sick children in hospitals. Other people love snow. If you're one of those people who love the snow, you can shovel your neighbors driveways next time it snows. The thing is that if they offer you money, you cannot accept it, you must kindly say no or then it would not be community service.

For the kids that do not participate in community service, well why don't they? It is a fantastic way to help others and there is no reason why not to do it. I think that as the principal, you should encourage all the students in our school to do community service. If i went around telling all the kids to do it, they would not listen to me. You are the principal though, and you can help me out and tell everyone to, because they will surely listen to you. I want to make a difference in my life and the lives of others and i think you can help me as well with this. Please consider this idea of making all the students in school to do community service. Not only would it help us, but it would help others and that is the beauty of it.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME