Creativity is the heart of our current society, when given the opportunity those who have the ability to think outside the box create unimaginably beautiful things. In schools students arent given the opportunity to be as creative as they could be because of how restrictive and bland the projects and assignments made by teachers are. If our society depends on the creativity and skill set of the current generation in schools why not give them the opportunity to develop their skills and be able to flourish in their own success? Which is why I think that summer projects should be student designed because its helps students learn to become more creative and helps prepare them for the future.

Students usually spend their summer either sleeping or just having fun with their friends trying to make the most out of the break but as students reach high schools they find that they have to do projects over the summer. Almost all students are annoyed at the fact that they have to do a summer project for a class and most of them leave it till the last second to actually do it. If students were allowed to design these projects themselves it would give them the will and incentive to do it because they would have designed it in a way that it would seem interesting to them. It would help break away from their habit of carelessly doing it and having them get creative with their project and make something astonishing,

By letting students design their own projects to do over the summer it also helps them develop real life skills that they can use in the workplace. Students dont tend to learn anything new over the summer since they are focused on their break and enjoying it as much as possible but doing a project that takes time and interests them helps them learn what goes into making a project and what the requirements are. This helps students to use their new found abilities in the workplace to much more easily express their creativity since they now know the tools to show it.

When teachers make summer projects for students it makes it harder for a student to care about the project because they didnt really have a part in making it, so if the teachers decide on making a project based on a topic a student doesnt like they wouldnt be as interested. It would lead to them wanting to do the bear minimum and be done with it, never even inspiring them use their creativity. Which is why when a student makes their own project they can be more creative and choose a topic or idea that interests them related to the class doing their best effort to portray how much they care about it.

It could be argued that if students made their own projects they would make it easy that it wouldnt take any time for them to finish it. Although some students would just want to be done with their project and do something easy most students would want to use this project as an opportunity to get their point and ideas across. When a person cares about something they want it to be the best , so when a student designs a project in which they care about they would obviously want to do their best since they put so much work into it. So saying that a student wouldnt care about a project they created would be wrong since even if they did design a bad project they would be the one doing it and would make it much harder for themselves.

There is so much good that can come out of letting students design their own projects not only for them but for their future as well. If teachers give students the opportunity to design their own project then they would be teaching more than the class but skills they can use in the future as well. Since creativity is the backbone of everything in the world when teachers start to make new ideas to have students think more creatively it helps the development of new ideas and innovations in the future.