Making extracurricular activities mandatory for students is not a valid rule that should be enforced. I don't agree that all students should have to participate in one extracurricular activity, because whether students graduate or not shouldn't be determined by an extracurricular activity that they may or may not have done,and most of the students already do an out of school activity,and students shouldn't be forced to do something that they dont want to do.

So what, they didn't participate in an extracurricular activity, that shouldn't be a barrier for them to graduate. Just because they didn't take part in the chess club, or the yearbook committee doesn't mean that they should be held back. Someone could be the next Albert Einstein and focus on school so much that he didn't have time for extracurricular activities, but you decide to hold him back because of a silly little thing he didn't do. Whether students do extracurricular activities or not shouldn't determine if they proceed to learn new things. The administrators should look at their grades and their work habits. It does not make a valid reason for them to be robbed of their opportunity to be smarter, if they just didn't participate in an extracurricular activity.

What if you dont have time? Most students already do an after school activity like sports, or a youth group. Some students even do multiple sports and still balance that with school. So for them to try and balance their after school activities, school, and now an extracurricular activity, it would be chaos. Students already go through enough stress with peer pressure, and their grades, and maybe just problems at home, so they shouldn't have to worry about this too. For example, maybe some students want to get a scholarship through playing a sport,and maybe their really good and actually have a chance at getting one. If you enforce that rule they would have to focus less on their sport and more on the extracurricular activity. So students who already do after school activities dont really have time for an extracurricular activity.

What if you just don't want to? Some students have trouble socializing with others. So maybe they didn't apply for an activity because they just didn't want too. Some students also enjoy their free time, time where they can do homework, be on their electronic devices, or just take a nap. So they didn't want to do an extracurricular activity because they didn't want to give up their free time. Students shouldn't have to feel like they are forced to do something. I mean it is called extracurricular activity for a reason, because it's for extra credit, so it shouldn't be a mandatory thing that they have to do.

Students graduating shouldn't be decided by if they did an extracurricular activity or not,and the students who already do after school activities don't have time for for extracurricular things,and students should not have to be pressured to do something if its not mandatory, so I don't agree that students should have to take part in an extracurricular activity.

-Generic_Name          