In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" the author describes the new technology facial Action Coding System or FACS which allows a computer to pick up on what you feel like and how you are feeling. I claim that the use of FACS in a class room enviroment could have used but mostly believe it is not a valuable resource in class.

One reason why It is not a vaulable resource is it only programed to read six basic human emotions which are Happieness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. The human body has way more than just six emotions so getting a high accuracy reading on how you are really feeling is out of the question because FACS uses the a process of a 3-D model Dr. Huang states "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." This quote explains that it has to use a way of making a model which can sometimes take some time depending on the processing power of the computer not only that but human emotions can change quite quickly and if the pc doesnt make the model fast enough the computer can easly fail at getting and accuarate reading.

Another reason why it is invaulable is that a human is already prepared to read another persons emotions because it is a task that is already done each and everyday. Dr. Huang is talking about the device using video images to pick up the emotions of each person. Dr. H states "using video imagery, The new emotion recognition software tracks these facial movments in a real face or on a painted face." This quote brings to light that the machine can read emotions but one could say since it is still in new development that not all of the bugs or glitches have been worked out not only that but you also have to devote more resources to keep the machine working which can average to be a heafty hit to your wallet.

Another person could say it is vaulable to help students and keep them entertained in a lesson and switch it up a bit. Dr. Huang is talking about how it can change the ads you see and veiw if you dont look happy when you look at them. Dr. Huang states "For example when a web ad appears on your screen and you smile a similar ad may follow, But if you frown the next ad will be different. A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. This Quote and prediction of Dr. Huang states that is has potential to keep students intrestred into work but the problem being is that a program so complex like that requires so much code and algorithms that it requires a beffy computer to run so you would need to make multiple servers capable of holding that much information not only that but the school would have to divert much more of their budget toward stronger computers because Dr. Huang states Your home Pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode smiles" This saying from Dr. Huang proves that a PC for home use is not strong enough for this program so what makes you average home pc different from a school one other than filters put on the pc which reduces preformance but the worse thing that could happen is what if the power happens to shut down or go out do to a surge that program requires power to run so that is also a big problem.

In conclusion, The use of FACS in a classroom enviroment sounds like a great idea but when you put it in different catagories it fails in almost every one of them you dont need a computer to read emotions when a human is perfectly capable of know how you feel even if it is just a little bit. The schools will need more funding diverted to even run the program and keep it working when schools already have a budget that they have to work on and they will need to be prepared to do something if the power goes out because that system will not run if it has incffecient power.