School is the last place a student wants to be in when they've experienced a couple of rough days or even weeks and home is the first place they think about when they need comfort or rest. Similarly, not all students are carbon copies. Different students require different paces regarding social life and acdemics. So why would schools reject the needs of their variety of students? Students should have access to long distance learning where they will attend classes online and where they will study in a safe, familiar environment that they already perform better in as place they can focus.

Firstly, the internet and modern technology's first purpose is to make our lives better. This is the direction the todays world is headed. Teachers loath the phrase "I forgot it at home." But with the ease of online classes, students will not be able to use the same excuses. Teachers also will not have to worry about misplaced papers when all of the materials will be conveniently saved online. But some opponents believe students will inevitably take advantage of being online, where they are prone to the temptations of plagarism and where they can find the answer key to every worksheet they've ever been handed. But why would a student take advantage of the World Wide Web at home when they have all the time in the world to complete their assignments and where they already perform better on their homework? Stooping grades will become the first wake up call for students taking advantage of the ease of modern technology.

Secondly, in favor of many parents and guardians, home is not only more comfortable for students, it is also much safer. Avoiding more traumatizing events of physical and verbal bullying on school grounds will significantly increase the child's chances of performing at their best in acedemic as well as extracurricular activities. Even with some efforts to erradicate the event of school shootings with metal detectors and other techniques, students are utimately safer at home rather than on the schools vulnerable campus.

Some opponents say a it is inevitable for a students social life to diminish when they do not have face-to-face contact with their teachers or peers. However, being at home more often will instinctively encourage students to venture out of their familiar environmnt and seek beneficial relationships with other students. The group video conferences that will be provided by online programs will give students the tools they need to interact with their teachers and have meaningful discussions about their acdemics and improvment.

Similarly, some students choose not to interact with their teachers they see on a daily basis at school on a more meaningful level where they should be developing better relationships with them. Email, video conferences, and other ways of communicating from home will provide this for students at home. Instead of constantly seeing them in school hallways and in class, the student can choose how they will develop their relationships with and get to know their teachers.

Overall, students should have access to a path of learning that is catered to them. This path should accomadate for teachers and learners ease, saftey, and the students social needs. Home is the best place for a student to learn away from the school campus especially when point-blank bullying and mass schootings are taken into consideration. However, the students social life will not be diminished in anyway with the aid of group video conferences. The students online acedemic career will reflect how they learn best. 