Venus is the second plan next to the sun. The closes to even being like Earth. But Venus isn't what it look like when you land or try to sent anything there. This could also be harmfull to us humans. In the article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus",The author suggests that studying Venus is worthy pursuit depite the danger to humans, the personal risks and approaching it presents.

People have try to get to Venus by senting humans and object there. But the danger to humans can be dangerouse to them. In the article, " The Ceallenge of Exploring Venus",these quote saids that, " A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus." ( pargraphe 3,The Challenge of Exploring Venus.). " Even mor challenging are the clouds of highly crorrosive sulfuric acid in the Venus's atmosphere." ( paragraphe 3,The chanllege of Exploring Venus).These quote shows that Venus is too dangers to sent humans there. The air is thick for humans and the clouds have high corrosive sulfuric acid. These things can harm humans breathing by senting them to Venus.

Nasa might have try senting humans and object to Venus. But none of them were about to get samples from Venus. In the article,"The Challenge of Exploring Venus", it has said that," More importantly,researcher cannot take samples of rock,gas or anything else from a distance." ( paragraph 6,The Challenge of Exploring Venus)."Therefore,scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks." (paragraph 6,The challenge of Exploring Venus).These quote said that even if they try to get closer,the coditions of the ground won't allow it to land. it would only flow around it. Not just that but it they do get close then they will have to take the risk for it.

Nasa have been working on geting to venus. Even if they don't made it there,they are still trying to approach it. In the article,"The Challenge of Exploring Venus". They have said,"NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. For examples,some simlified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such coditions." ( paragraph 7,The Challenge of Exploring Venus)."Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers." ( paragraph 7,The Challenge of Exploring Venus).they have found new and old ways to approach Venus. And some even have lasted longer then they expected.

Venus is a plant that everyone have Challeng. But some ever close to getting there. The author haved suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers for humans,the risk and approaching it's presents. Never stopping them from doing so.