Lots of people go through life based upon their own opinions, but truthfully, having multiple peoples' opinion leads to making better choices.

If you try and make an important decision based off of only your own opinion, you could face a truckload of consequences.

Going to friends, family, or someone else you trust for advice is a great way to have more input while facing a decision.

These people could have a different point of view on the matter, have more experience on the topic, or they've made mistakes and can help you learn from them.

If someone has a different opinion or reasoning on a topic, they could help you to look at the issue from their point of view, which might change your mind on the matter.

Being able to look at a problem from both sides of the argument could positively affect your decision, whether it's choosing a side or settling on a compromise.

For example, if you're not sure you should tryout for a team, or be involved in a school play, ask for opinions from your parents and friends to see what they think you should do.

Their input would not only help you make a decision, but also build your confidence in what you're trying to achieve.

Getting multiple opinions on an issue would really help to make better choices on the topic.

Second, finding someone with a lot of experience on the subject can help improve your choice making.

They've gone through the process, or possess a lot of knowledge on the topic, that could help inform you on the best choice to make.

For instance, let's say you really want to buy a brand new surfboard, but you don't know which brands and models are the best.

You could go on a professional surfers' website and see what board he uses and/or recommends.

This would let you know that the surfboard is a top-notch board, considering someone who surfs for a living uses it.

Finding someone with lots of experience and getting their opinion is crucial in making an important decision.

Third and finally, getting peoples' opinion based off not only their own, but also your mistakes can result in improved decisions/results in the future.

You could learn what to do because of something they did wrong, or you could've been the one to make a mistake, and they could tell where you messed up.

Let's suppose you went fishing with your dad and put your bait on wrong, causing it to slip off the hook when you cast the line.

Your dad could help show what you did wrong, and correct it, because he has made the same mistake before.

Learning from mistakes is a great way to improve and have better judgment next time.

Getting an opinion from a different point of view, receiving advice from a person with lots of experience, and creating opinions based on your own or others mistakes are all great ways to making better choices.

The person could change your mind on the topic, inform you with knowledge that you didn't possess before, or tell you what they did wrong and what not to do.

Whatever it is, talking with someone will help you choose, and feel more confident making a decision.

Seeking multiple opinions is the best way to help make a better choice.                             