Dear, State Senator

The Electoral College is a great process that was created by the founding fathers in the Constitution."The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compronise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." The electoral college consistw of the electors the meeting of the electors of the voting for president and vice president. The electoral college process consists of 538 electors. When you run for president you have to get majority of the 270 electoral votes its required. Every candidate running for president has there own group of electors."Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors." The electors are chosen by the candidate's political party.

When the presidential election is over your governor prepares a certificate of ascertainmentits listing all of the candidates who had ran for president in your state. The certicate also says the winning presidential canddidate in your state."After the presidential election,your governor prepares a "certificate of ascertainment" listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your state along with the names of their respective electors."The states certificates of ascertainments are sent to the congress and the national archives.

The electoral college should be keeping the electoral college because its a very important process of how we choose the president. If we just put our say in the votes some people might feellike htey amde the wrong choose in the voting. And if we just let congress picl our president because thats not fair becuse this is our conutry too adn we should have a say about what the presdent gonna do or what are some of he/she plans to do for our conunty."the electoral college is widely regarded as and anachronism a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ougth to be [overruled]by decaring tht candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner."

There a five reasons to keep the electoral college certainty of outcome,everyone's president,swing states,big states and lastly avoid run-off elections. It is possible for a dispute over the outcome of an electoral college vote." The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the popular vote." A presidential candidate to have transregional appeal."This is a desirable result appeal is unlikelu to be a suffessful president". The electoral college restores some of the weight in the balance the large states lose by virtue.

In Conclusion the elecoral college should stay becase it makes everthing fair for the electoral candaiets and so citizen of the united states have a chance to ahve a say in what they want as a president.    