Driveless cars are coming. Whether you will buy or support this new idea or not is your choice. I think driveless cars are going to be the new thing everyone will enjoy. Getting around will be easier, and everyday life will seem a little less chaotic. Even though you may get bored and want to drive, you may now text without your life being at stake as it says in the last sentence of paragraph eight. The question that may pop up in a lot of consumers mind is what if something goes wrong wit the system of the driveless car? Manufacters not only want the people to be safe but want their product to sell as well as the story quotes in paragraph 8, last line. Why sell something messed up to the people to have them get seriously injuried and then no one buy it because of its bad reviews? Therefore, I believe manufacters would test and secure its driveless car product for safety before putting it out there on the market. When running late for work or school, you can easy just have your car start and drive as you are preparing for a meeting, answering missed calls or texts, or simply applying today's makeup for school. This also gives you a chance to sleep in later and be more rested. There are so many teens and adults who lose lives because of people who slip a text and look down from the wheel for five seconds. This could stop with driveless cars. With the growing software and media over the years, engineers have managed to do the impossible that we only see on television in the movies as it says in paragraph two. As it states in paragraph nine, "most driving laws focus on keepng drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawakers know that safety is achieved with alert drivers." The driveless car law would not pass if this was going to fail or become reckless. We grow closer to driveless cars each waking day. In paragraph ten, it is said that Tesla has projected a release for a car capable for driving autopilot ninety percent of the time. You would still have to pay attention to the road but at least you would have more time to yourself. In 2020, Nissan, Audi, and Mercedes Benz plan to have cars that can drive themselves wihtout the work of a human. Imagine a world where there would be less accidents because of texting or new drivers scared on the road. Please take this new idea into consideration, and think. Our technolgy is already so sophisicated now, what would it be like after driveless cars making our world more organized and better? 