Many student's do not have opportunity to be part of one school. The school, or the study, are the most important thing for the future, because everyone depend of money, everybody need study to get a good job and make money. Each one know what want be in the future, so that is exactly whatever some need to study. Each person have those own personal problem's, therefore, not everybody have the opportunity to study in a school. In my opinion, class online is one benefit for every student and who want study.

Is a benefit having online class, since not everybody have the opportunity deform part of school. At this day's should be take in consideration the online class. Exist a lot of method to learn and can be which someone want to be. One of the cases for everyone should not going to the school are for the sickness. At this day's everyone be expose to any illness, that's one reason why online class is a good option. At this time study in the own house is a benefit; also working in the own house should be good thing. Is one option work in home when is bad climate or include someone who can not going to work. In one part should be great going to work place because there are another people and is great know about the team work.

I consider important the study, since, is all the necessary for comply the desire purpose. That why exist a lot of manner for having the complete study online, or in the school. Also, exist the disadvantage of which online class have a high cost. That cause the low chance of opportunity to person's who not have the necessary budget to pay. I think we live right now the perfect example for study online, cause of all things happen in a different school's and also the illness that everybody are confront around the world. In the old year's people do not having help for study and make future plan. The new youth have a big opportunity for make future plan at this time.

Most people know that in this time the technology are the most important thing, therefore, it is possible do not be physical present in a classroom but can listening and see live class, basically the video conferencing. Having class in the own house should a good option because, give us more time to do the homework and study. Some student's who can be present in the school, need complete class, so student's use online class to comply that. Furthermore, is a good help to student's.

Finally, for my viewpoint will be a good benefit for many student's can study online. Taking consideration the problem's, and the different opportunity from each one, should be excellent option online class. People create another opportunity, showing that nothing is impossible for comply what people want. However is a benefit for all, having online class. It is necessary for what all can confront, and decide study online or physical in a school.           