Giving students summer projects keeps their brains functioning. Some schools require that students complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. These summer projects should be teacher-designed because they know the content, have more resources and have more experience.

All teachers know what content they will be teaching giving them an edge to designing summer projects for students. With an understanding of the content they will able to create projects that will be beneficial to the the students. Moreover, the teacher can plan summer projects that include information that the students will learn throughout the school giving the students a head start. For example, a math teacher might give his or her student a math related summer project which will cover topics that will be learn't in the upcoming school year. This makes the project something that will be helpful for the students and keeps their minds working. It will also make their school year easier since they've already learned some topics through the summer project.

Teachers also have more resources to be able to produce summer projects for students to keep them engaged. Many teachers attend workshops and meetings to learn about ways to make their lessons better. This gives them immense amounts of resources they could use to put together helpful summer projects. They also have connections to other teachers and programs that students don't have the access to. These connections are important since they provide useful information. With that said, teachers would produce better summer projects than students would.

Finally, teachers have more experience when it comes to designing projects. A big part of a teachers jobs is to create projects and worksheets for their students all year long. This gives them experience regrading what the students will enjoy and how to plan the projects. They would also know how to assure that the students are learning but in a fun way based off their experience. Teachers go through college to learn all this, so they have a lot of experience and a good understanding of what projects should entail.

However, some might say students should be able to design the summer projects because they are the ones that have to do it. It is true that students are the ones that have to complete the projects but the teachers know what will be better for the students to help benefit them. For example, a student might create a project where they have to play video games. This would not benefit the students in anyway since they will not be learning anything. Therefore, summer projects should be designed by teachers because they know the content, have more resources and have more experience to assure that students continue learning during their break. 