Dear Senator,

There has beeen some recent heat on the topic of the Electoral College. I believe that it is only fair to keep the Electoral College. Although some voters may be upset with the fact that they don't define who wins the presidential election, it is best that way. If there was no Electoral College people with no actual idea of whats going on would vote, and that could have a negative affect. Also if there was no Electoral College there would be an unfair amount of votes in larger states. The last reason is Swing States, which is also a very important part of the voting process.

First and Foremost, the Electoral College may make voters feel like they have no input on the election, but really they decide who the Electoral voters choose. Without Electoral voters, there would be indecisive people voting for a candidate they know nothing about. For example, many young voters base their votes off of popular opinion, not what they think is actually right. If there was no Electoral College, the Nation could be in a lot of trouble because many votes would be casted off of popular opinion. So it is good to have some control over what happens and who becomes president, but I think having the full decision to vote for whomever, and have it count, is overdoing it.

Secondly, I believe that having the Electoral College is great because, without it larger states would have more of a say on who becomes president. This would be very unfair to the smaller states for an obvious reason, population. Even though a few states might have a bigger population that doesn't particularly mean that everyone in the state will vote. There are still "independent voters". For example, as stated in paragraph twenty-one, the election voting in Florida was very close and relied a lot on popular votes. Florida ended up getting twenty-nine electoral votes, compared to Wyoming who only got three electoral votes. State size does matter because larger states will typically always get more attention from the presidential candidates than smalller ones.

Lastly, The Electoral College is a very important part of our voting process becaue of Swing States. As stated in paragraph twenty, voters in toss-up states are "more likely to listen to the campaign and the competing candidates". These voters know that their votes wont make much of an impression on the election, but pay the most attention anyways. People claim that the most involved voters should be able to decide the elections. Although they don't have much of a say it is nice to know that people do care about the elections and do pay close attention to what is going on.

To conclude my previously stated reasons, I believe that having the Electoral College is a crucial part of the system. Because without it the nation would have so many voters that only cast their votes based off of popular opinion. Also without it larger states would have more of an affect on the votes than the smaller states do. Finally, Swing States are a very important part of voting because voters who know what is going on and actually pay attention do have one of the biggest affects.    