Dear TEACHER_NAME

50%

of American students debate !

Community service is very important . But others think it takes too much time away from what they need or want to do . TEACHER_NAME is deciding on whether to require all students to perform community service . There are many ways in which students can help there communities .

I understand that there are those of you who will disagree that TEACHER_NAME

should require all students to perform community service , but research shows that 90% of students that perform community service will be doing themselves and there neighborhoods good !

Experts agree that doing community service will help the world !

OTHER_NAME , award winning community service performer , says " by doing community service you are being a great citizen " ! For instance , doing community service involves doing lots of things like picking up trash so that the environment can be more cleaner , Help recycle so we don't have to kill things like trees and forest , and even going to the nursery homes and showing the elders that they have not been forgotten . Not doing community service is like letting bad people escape from jail , it make the world a less comfortable and even harder place to live in !

12 out of 12 students will not regret making the choice of doing community service .

For example , when i was in 5th grade my school (SCHOOL_NAME) did community service by going outside in the school parking lots , playgrounds , and classrooms to pick up trash and all the litter .

So why not want to do something to help your community ?

Without a doubt , doing community service helps people to learn that it is not a time waster. OTHER_NAME , american citizen and community service program founder , says " doing community service is not a time waster if it's helping your community ! " Not helping your community is like not helping someone that really needs help , heartless! 30 out of 30 people will regret not wanting to do community service after reading this letter ! So why not do community service ?