I believe that we should change to the popular vote for the president of the United States. There are three main reasons why. One, the people are being ruled by this president, don't you think every one should get a say in who they want the president to be. Two, Electoral College is not at all fair. Lastly if you have all the people of the United States vote then the process will be more accurate.

When you're about to get a brand new car, what do you do? You take it out for a test drive, and see how it runs, and if you like the design and the features it has. Am I right? Well think, if your about to get a new president, and let me remind you they will be in charge of the way you live, don't you think you want to have a say in wether or not you like him or her? It's just like testing out a new car. You bring your family and take a vote on who likes it. The more votes you have the better, because then you see how many like it and how many don't.

This Electoral college is not fair at all. It only allows 538 people to get to vote for president. What if the majority of those people wanted a certaint president, and the people that didnt get to vote wanted the other president. Thats not fair. Those people didn't even have a chance. If you weren't apart of the Electoral college how would you feel? Isn't the United States "The land of the free." Then every one should have a say in who their president is going to be.

If you have every one in the United States vote then the dominant vote will be much more efficent. More people will be satisfied, and less complaints and assinations. Think about it. The popular vote is the way to go. When your doing a science experiment they say to take as many trials as you possibly can because the experimentation results will be much more accurate. Well why wouldn't you do that for something that is going to affect the

ENTIRE

United States of America.

I hope we make this change. There are so many benefits to the popular vote, why do you think its called the popular vote? The citizens will be satisfied, the process will be much more accurate, and the it will also be fair.    