Venus is the second planet. Sometime, NASA called venus the Evening Star, because it's one of the brightest light in the night sky. Venus is closest to earth, and earth has a twin. The differences between mars and venus is that sometimes we are esloser to mars and sometimes we are colser to venus, because venus is sometimes around the corner in space and human are sent to numerous spacecraft. No spacesraft has survived more than a few hours not a single spaceship has touched down on venus's more than three decades. When the spacesship trys to land it can't because venus is almost 97 percent caron dioxide blankets venus and the most challenging is that venus have clouds that are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. Venus temperatures average is over 800 degrees fahenheit. Not many people has land on venus because how hot the planet is and if they are up thirty plus miles above the surface it's still going to be toasty at around 170 degrees. The most importsntly, researchers cannot take samples of rock gas, or anything elae from a distance. The scientists to see the conduct to thorough mission is to understand venus they need to get close and personal despite the risks. A old technology called mechanical computers the devices were first envisioned in the 1800s and it played an important role in 1940s during the world war 2. It's danger to be on venus it's so hot we won't survived by trying to land on it it's 800 degrees on the planet. Venus might be the second to the sun but mercury is closer to our sun and venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, but merury is closer to the sun. The high pressure and heat vennusian geology and weather presen is like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes and the frequent lighting strikes to probes of seeking to the land on its surface. NACA try to challenge them self they been trying to find a way to land on venus and makes sure that the spaceship can land on venus. NASA are still working on a spaceship to land more than a few hours so they can see more things about venus that we don't know about.