Sometimes you need to ask for advise from your peers or even from older people, like your parents or teachers.

This can be difficult as not everyone is very good at giving or asking for advise.

Often times, some people might give bad advise, on purpose or not.

Also, naturally, people are prone to bias.

Asking multiple people for opinions can help get down to certain details that you would like to obtain.

Whether people know it or not, sometimes they give bad advise.

This can be due to having different experiences, or just not knowing exactly what's best.

The more opinions you get from multiple people, the less likely it is you are receiving bad advise.

If everyone except for one person is giving you the same advise, chances are that the one person is most likely giving you bad advise.

Also, if you don't know much about the subject, it can be tough to figure out what is bad advise and what is good.

Plus, you don't have to check your facts as deeply.

People are very subjective to bias, it happens to all of us, whether we want it to or not.

Everyone has their own opinion, and most people have very different opinions from everyone else.

If you get multiple opinions from different sides of the story, you will probably get several different answers, but then you will be able to decide which one will most likely work the best for you.

Also, older and younger people usually give different advise, because times have changed, and also because older people have had different experiences, and more experience, than younger people have.

Bias is a big factor that you need to take in when asking for your receiving advise.

Seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice by getting down to specific details.

Multiple people will give multiple parts of the story and then you can piece them together to get a whole.

Having more detail will help you form a stronger opinion based on the opinions that your advisers gave you.

It is hard to get a lot of details from just one person, but the more people, the better.

In certain situations, you may not have been advised on, but having more detail will help you figure it out.

All of these will help you form a more secure, well-rounded opinion.

Even still, there is no right or wrong answer to life or how to live it.

However, asking for multiple opinions can, and most likely will, help you form your own opinion on life and how to deal with things.

This happens by removing bias, getting down to details, and asking from multiple sides of the story, young and old.

We have to ask for advise often, and getting multiple opinions is a great addition to that, that is almost always necessary.  