This story about Venus talks about how NASA wants to study the planet."Evening star"is what they call Venus. The nickname gaive the rung idea of Venus. Peolpe where misstaking that Venus is a star. Venus it's a own plant. In the text says "Venus is the second plant from our sun." In phragraph one. Reserchers study Venus becouse backthen is was closer to earth. Dispise of Venus bing dangers. Reserchers what to fide out if it still hase some earth fechers.

NASA whats to get information about Venus. One of the idea of NASA is to seand peolpe to Venus. People will hover throw space. In the text says"our jet airplanes travel at higher altitude to fly over may storms."In phragraph five. Flying aroud Venus is not placent. Dispice that Venuse is very hot,bing above is about 170 degrees Fahrenheit. The air pressure is lower like the sea leveal. Resiving infromation in venus is limited becouse of how much lights it gives. We can not take anying from mars frome a distance. NASA have not founed a way to get far in to Venus. With this problem NASA takes it risky or as a challeng.

Anuther way to resive infromation is by sending elatronics to Venus. NASA had sent mutuple objets to mars. The objet semes to only servive fore some few three weeks. In oder to make somthing beter to sent in Venus is lookng at obld technology. Looking at phragraph siven it tells us that "Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers.". NASA uesd newer technology but it has not over three weeks. Sending mechens that are made with meatel it will mealt or over heat because of the heat in Venus. With the old mechens and with the newer we will fined a more resestent salustion that can healp us with information.

One day we will have the limets to go in Venus. NASA has not gavie up Venus. Venus is valuble to us not olny because it's just a nuther resuers but because it will let us have the lemits to explore other plants. I do balive that we should know other plants. We shouled tot be limited with awer inmagination.