Summer break is the most anticipated time of year for students and teachers because it is a grace period that allows for relaxation and refreshment,of one's soul. The summer sees,the mental maturation of many students without the hindrance of a classroom,holding them back. The learning experience offered in a classroom setting is limited only to what the teacher and state permits. Students are not fully able to express their learning passions because they are forced to learn what the teacher permits. Whereas, during the summer students are free to conduct their own personal investigations on topics that peak their interest, resulting in a much maturer student by the time fall rolls around. To coincide with the theme of change and growth summer promotes, students should have the ability to choose their own projects, to further their educational experience and mental development, without the influence of a teacher.

The ability for students to choose their own summer projects would enhance their outlook on education,because they would study topics that interest them,and not teacher selected topics that would seem like a task. It is a scientifically proven fact that students retain knowledge that speaks to their own curiosities and that holds the most relevance to them. During the summer, many students travel to new places or try new things. For example, last summer I was blessed with the opportunity to travel to Japan with my friends and family. While I was there I tried new cuisines,participated in festivities and I was able to learn about their history. My time in Japan, sparked an interest that I never knew I had in Japanese Geisha. I spent hours upon hours researching everything I could on them. But, my research was limited because I had to complete an AP Human Geography summer assignment administered by my future teacher. My assignment was to write a paper and create a brochure about a country. I thought it would be a perfect opportunity to write all about my trip to Japan. That is until I realized the teacher had already selected countries based on our last names. I was stuck with Great Britain, a country I already had a lot of knowledge of from history class and videos. I like many students completed the assignment without gaining any new information because doing the project felt as if it were a chore. Though,I do still remember the information I learned from conducting my own research into Geisha. Many teachers would argue that a student designed summer project would lack information or seem to rushed. Which would not be the case at all. Many students would take their time in crafting a project that meets all standards and would probably write more than what is expected, due to the project peaking their interest. Teachers would in fact, see an increase of higher marks. However, if a teacher feels that the project is not up to standards they could always low score it and have the student try again. In allowing students to design their own project teachers will receive projects that exceed all requirements due to the students behind the projects being interested in what they were learning.

If students were able to create their own summer projects, the result would be a more creative,responsible and independent thinking person. Teacher designed projects allow no room for creativity nor responsibility because there are guidelines and an examples set in place by the teacher,students have to follow. Thus, resulting in one hundred or more projects that all sound the same and lack any indication of the student's voice. Teachers would argue that summer projects must be designed by them, so that all students are able to receive full credit. Which is great in theory,but not in the long run. It does not benefit the student to have a guideline or rubric, it only benefits the teacher because the projects would be easier to grade. In the future, once students start working, supervisors will not give them examples of how to properly execute a project. For example, my mother is a graphic designer who is required to come with new ideas for campaigns, brochures and websites. Her boss isn't giving her instructions on how to complete the tasks, at all. She must be responsible in using her mind to come up with creative new ideas that she thinks would satisfy her boss. However, at her old job all the graphic designers were given an example they had to follow. Which resulted in the closing of her old company because they only produced the same design. Luckily for mom, she was able to find another job fast because she was to create designs without assistance. The skills my mother used to think creatively and on her own, was taught in school. But, with teachers designing projects, students get used to a formula they have to follow and are not taking responsibility for their own thinking. Students creating their own summer projects would force students to take time and think of a project that they think would satisfy their teacher. It would stimulate new thoughts and force them to activate the create side of their brain that has not been used for a while,due to teachers constantly creating a rubric and examples for the student. The summer is a perfect opportunity for a student designed project because they would have time to develop their thoughts. Teachers shouldn't design summer projects because it aides in diminishing a student's ability to creatively solve projects.

Students should have the ability to create their own summer assignments because it would promote mental and educational growth that would otherwise be hindered in a classroom setting. Summer break allows students to embark on new experiences that can further expand their knowledge on topics that interest them. It would also allow more time for students to develop their ideas for the project. Which would strengthen their creativity and responsibility skills. Student designed projects would help grow character.                  