People have studied the many planets in our solar system and are fastinated by them. People have also studied the solar system to help explore and give information about the planets around us. One planet that scientists have studied for a good amount of time is Venus since it shows that at one time, the planet might have inhabited living organisms. However, Venus is a very dangerous planet since many attempts of landing spacecraft has failed on Venus and the clouds of the planet are made of sulfuric acid. Venus is not worth the pursuit of knowledge since the planet has a very dangerous enviorment for humans and that not a single spacecraft has landed safely on the planet and returned. The cost and risk of exploring Venus is not worth the infromation we would achieve.

Venus has a enviorment of very dangerous elements that can harm many living organisms and even nonliving objects. According to the article, 97 percent of the atmosphere of Venus is carbon dioxide, which is unable to be breathed by humans. Another detail the article states is that on the surface of the planet, the average temperatures is over eight hundred degrees. The climate and enviorment of Venus is too dangerous for exploration. The planet does not hold nowhere near a safe enviorment for people or even machine.

Another detail about Venus is that no spacecfaft has made a journey back from the planet. The article says, ¨... humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud-draped world,¨ and then says ¨... since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours.¨ If a spacecraft made by people can not survive the landing on Venus numerous times, how can we even come close to surviving the trip? Venus is too dangerous to explore and it is a waste to even send a spacecraft. The spacecrafts cost a good amount of money to make and for them to be wasted on a inhospitable planet is not worth the information we would achieve.

NASA has came up with a ¨solution¨ of the problemof gaining knowledge of Venus which is for a vehicle to hover over Venus and scientists would safely observe the planet that way. However, the article says that this can only give us a limited amount of information on Venus since the planet has a very dense atmosphere. The effort of creating a vehicle to hover the planet only to gain bits of knowledge is redundant and is not going the benefit anyone´s cause.

Venus is not worth the time, effort and resources to explore. The planet proves to be too dangerous for mankind and even for machines. Curiosity is not sufficiant enough of a reason to explore and learn about a inhospitable planet unless it is going to benefit mankind more than what it costed to gain that information. The resources that are going to Venus should be redirected to another cause that will benefit society and life as we know it.