Technology has improved immensely just in the last sixteen years. According to the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming", before 2000, a rover was " device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars". Now, humans are trying to create cars that does not need a driver. Though technology has gone far, it has not gone far enough to accomplish such a feat.

The main issue with driverless cars is safety. Though there are numerous sensors surrounding the car and the driver is notified when they need to take control, there still isnt enough for a car to work on its own. Even if the car reached the technological point to ensure the safety of the passengers, another large safety concern would be other drivers on the road. Yes, the driverless car can sense when it is about to ensue a collision, it does not have the capability to avoid it, just lik any other car. So, as a human, I would rather trust myself for my safety over technology.

When it comes to the law, texting and drinking while driving is illegal. If driverless cars were created and used, humans would be breaking two laws that harm drivers the most. Yes, the driver will be notified when they are in need by lights and a vibrating seat, but if they are under the influence they will not be able to anyways. If they are distracted in any way by texting, food, etc. then they will not be in a ready situation to take control of the vehicle. AS a driver, it would be nice to sleep and the driverless car would allow that, but that would be just as dangerous as sleeping behind the wheel in a regular car. The driver would not be ready to take the wheel or they would not even notice when they are in need to take the wheel. Creating a heads up display would add to this distraction and would take on the role of texting and driving.

Though there are many negatives, the reader understands that there are positives. Using less gas would be extremely nice and would help economy. If driverless cars got to the point where it was only public and no one bought cars, then money would be saved by all. And, with the sensors, the car can drive very well on its own and it is at a very good point right now.

With the positives, though, it is not enough for the driverless car to save someone's life. It does not have the technology to avoid other drivers. And, driverless cars will never cancel the use of regular cars because not everyone will trust them. Driverless cars will create controversy, just as the passage brought up "Whose fault is it in an accident? The cars or the drivers?" Though driverless cars have come a long way and have very good ideas, they need much more work before they can be trustable.      