so you want to take all the cars out of the city ok cool. this will save the pepol like 1,000,000 dolers a year and will reduce polution and stuf i dont know. i gess its a good idea but on the other hand nah i mean lookif pepal want to ruin the world with gas thats there choce man. but i just relised that the thing seid to agrewith the pasige or whatever so yah. ummmmmmm i dont know the eirth is cool so why distroit with gasis or something. look to be honist i can give to hoots about  this stuf or whatever but like i said the thing wants me to give two hoots so yah.

next paragraph wow so i gess if we dont have cars then like whell have more munny or something i dont know. uggggg this is so boring. teinkal twinkal littal star how i wonder what you are up above the world so high like a dimind in the sky twinkal twinkal littel star how i wonder what you are. thats me sining i sing soooooo good i should go on amarican idal or some thing. you know my friend wants to go on the voice but dude let me tell you something dat girl can not sing likr o my gosh that girl sonds like a cat diying. but its cool(its not).you know i was going to get back on subject but now i dont care. so i think im going to go to the elington mall with my mom on saterday but i dont know. you see i want to but i also want to hang out with my friends. we have this park neer where i live caled adventer park and you see i want to go have a adventer with my friend there but i know they probly wont want to because there lazzy and boring but its cool. you see i want to go to the mall with my mom because theres this bordgame shop there that may selll d&d(thats dungis and dragins)and i realy want to play that but its like if i go to the mall with my mom then where going to end up being there all day and i dont want that. because if im there all day shes going to make me get shoes and stuff and i hate geting shoes.

look another parighraph wow any way lets say i do go and get d&d then i dont know what i want to be maby ill be a dworf or i might be a wizzerd. elfs are cool byut there realy mean. ill most likely be a humin. but the problom with being a humin is that you dont get the intint skill hight like you do with being some thing else like maby if i waas a drowf i would get to be realy goo at a axe or if i was a elf i whould be realy good with a bow or if i was a wizzerd i whould be realy good with magic. and the thing is i want to be good with magic but there not as good with sowrds and stuff which sucks. plus they are usly looked down when in a town because they usly caus drama. the thing is a elf whould be good too but it maters are we takin lotr elf or like sant patricks day elf because lotr elf whold be good at magic but whould also be good at sowrds and arows and stuff like that. but like a lepricon/elf thing whold be good at magic ive seen them opin portals to other dimentchins and fly. but the thing is you gamne pointsin a serton area by  working on them like maby i work on my magic whall fiting a drgon then i get + 2 magic ponts. yah any way now im bord about talking about that sooooo....you tink that you guys are going to read this laff then give it out to techers as a dont wright something as bad as this tipe of thing because that whould be funny. like one day im sitting in class and all of a sudi i netre this i whold laff so hard oh man i whould just laff and laff. hahahah yaaaaaa.... sooo hows life minezs good im reeeeaaalllly tierd lik goodnis me i may fall aslep right now just thinkin about it. any way im going t0 finish up here so i can take a nap soo bye love you.* mic drop             