Getting advice is crucial to success. No matter where you are from or what your future holds, asking for advice stays the same. Advice has many interpretations but to me advice is, asking someone their opinion on how you should do something. This could mean how a person should run a new business or what type of dog food they could buy. One reason I believe advice is so important is because whether you use the advice or not, you still gain knowledge and understanding of that person's point of view. Advice, as important as it is, should not be taken lightly (even for dog food). Taking multiple opinions increases your chance of success because it explores different point of views, eliminates biases and applies different experiences.

Every person has ideals and every persons ideals are different. This is important because with every person's ideals comes a different opinion which effects the advice they give you. Combining the multitude of advice you get with every person you ask will compile a grand list of choices, which is great for you. Now your job is to find the advice that fits you best and execute. Opinions are everything when seeking advice and exploring different views is one of the most solid ways to make the right decision.

Bias is a trait of every human being. When given the choice most people would rather go to their family or a close friend for advice rather than a co-worker they hardly know. Although most people would stick to those that are close to them for advice, I believe going to new people could bode shockingly well. Sticking to biases will lower your range of differentiating ideals, which I mentioned earlier, in turn ending up with similar advice which is not beneficial to someone who really wants the best advice possible. In some cases talking to a loved one is all you need but new people could add a fresh opinion that could change your course of action for the better.

Everyone is different and has had different experiences. These experiences change us and are the very thing that form friendship, ideals and views. That is why I think the most important thing when trying to seek advice is to consider different experiences. Ask different age groups, job titles, ethnicity, religions, races, genders for their advice and they will vary. Through their lives they have seen many things that the others have not, heard about things that the others have not and learned things that the others have not. Differentiating experiences give you new perspectives through the eyes of others. Doing this makes you a smarter person and even if you do not end up using their advice you still gain a new perspective on your issue.

This complied understanding from different ideals, new people and diverse people will give you a great advantage when seeking advice. Once you have this information you must find the advice that best applies to you and you situation. Taking to bias into account make the decision, whether it is life business opportunity or a new brand of dog food, being thorough with advice will always benefit you. Once you have your new advice you have gained more than just an idea on what to do, you have also gained new understanding of the people you have asked and a lot of information that will make a smarter person.