" your principle has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity". How would you feel if your principle has made this decision?, and would you agree with this or disagree?. I feel as though, the principle has made the right desicion. People might not agree with this but, all I can do is speak for myself.

Why, do i agree with such a thing?. I agree with this desicion because, this desicion could do everyone some good. Doing some type of sport or even working on the school news paper could be fun. It would be expecially good for parents. Why? you might ask because, the students won't come home as early, and the parents will have time to run erin's and get some stuff done before their children get home. The parents will also be able to just have more time to their selves.

Also, this could be helpful to the children mentally and physically. Three out of four children and teens spend more than seven hours on their phone or watching television. These devises put out blue light into the the eye which is bad because, this can cause straining in the eye or even total blindness. when you are on your phone most of the time you have acess to the internet which means you can get on social media websites. When on websites like snapchat and instagram teens tend to compare their selves to others, and if they aren't up to par to look like "pretty" people they can get sad and form some type of depression.

Overall, students should build more life skills and social skills, and adding extracurricular activity's to the students day can help with that. building life skills at a younger age can be great so, when you get out into the world you'll atleast know some key factors to living. Building social skills is great too. Lets say you get a job in marketing, you need to be social, have great speech, and be outgoing. In fact, you need social skills for any job. The principle making the desicion to add an extracurricular activity's to students day at school was and great idea.

In conclusion, adding an extracurricular activity to all of the student body would be an great idea because, it could be benifial to students, parents. and teachers. Building social skills. Life skills, and just being productive has all to do with adding an extracurricular activity to a students day. I think i have stated what my opinion is and what i agree and disagree with. What my opinion is, is that the principle making that desicion is wise and thoughtful.