In the article they are talking about a new technology called Facial Action Coding System where the computer can identify human emotions. I think that this new technology can be very valuable for teachers in schools to know when a student is sad or upset. The computer can help a teacher/adult to understand when a student is in need of a talk or needs to express their emotions. This is also very valuable because it could potentially save a life in bad situations. The computer facial coding system is valuable in my opinion for various reasons as you may see in this essay.

This system can alert a teacher or anyone when there might be something wrong with a person, whether it is good or bad. To be able to understand how a person feels may be one of the best new technologies created. Knowing when a person is feeling sad, angry, happy, etc, can really be great for if they need someone to talk to. It could make things better or make things not so good. Just having those options of emotions to be recognized is something very amazing. Even though this system can't contol your emotions or thoughts, it can really help to understand when there is something good or bad going on.

In the conclusion to figuring out if this new technology system is valuable, it most certainly is. It can be useful in many ways. I think another use for this could be in hospitals to detect if a patient is lying about their emotions. Even though a patient in a hospital may not like this because it can see their true emotions, it might be able to help them in the long run. If this technology can help manage what another person is feeling then it can make them see whats really going on, even if they lie about it.

The computer will construct a 3-D model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. Movement of one or more muscles is called an "action unit." Dr. Paul Eckman has classified six basic emotions- happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness- and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. All of humans show the same facial expressions but maybe some at different times. The Mona Lisa demonstration is intened to bring a smile to our face, while it shows just how much this computer can do. 