Is getting emotional facial recognization the best way to go with technology? Computers are getting smarter and it doesn't sound like it will be slowing down any time soon. When scientests and computer programers combine it can be a beautiful thing. Scientests are developing better ways for humans and computers to comunicate. With new encoding and development of software scientests have now created a way for a computer to tell how someone is feeling by using their facial muscles. The new programing will be a positive thing, muscles in the face just act naturally, the encoding is complex, and the new technology could be coming to local classrooms.

The Scientests have a whole process. The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D model of the face and has all 44 major muscles that must move like human muscles (D'Alto 3). All of the muscle units that work together as one is called an "action unit." Since all facial emotions are universal the technology could go worldwide once improved. The software could also identify mixed emotions. The technology reads how major muscles move and show emotion. With each emotion that is showed they compare it to a neutral face. Every day humans do the same thing. Humans read the face of other humans to try and tell how they are feeling. If they are sad or happy. There are six major emotions within the technology right now, there maybe more encoded at a later date.

With the new technology comes new computers. A home PC could not take the proper encoding right now. The scientests are working on something much better to try and get the home PC's to where they can encode them. The scientests new computer software stores similar anatomical information as an electric code (D'Alto 5). Although the home PC couldn't handle the encoding, they can give simple encoding to your home PC. The encdoing that can be given is simple instructions for differnent emotions. The simple encoding would not be able to read mixed emotions.

The emotional facial reading could be coming to a local schools. The new technology would be able to tell if a student was bored, or if they got confused. Then the computer could modify the lesson for the student to help them learn better. The technology could act like an effective human instructor. Must human communication is nonverbal. Emotional communication is also nonverbal. The studesnts could improve with one on one lesson plans. The studensts could also work at their own pace and have their own personal plans.

All the technology needs to understand how to read and comunicate with a human through facial features. The anatomy of a human is complex and hard to understand and encode into computers. The new programing will be a positive thing, muscles in the face just act naturally, the encoding is complex, and the new technology could be coming to local classrooms. Scientests are hard at work trying to make the new technology common and natural for everyone to use. 