America's government was inspired by the Athenian republic, therefore giving the United States  their way of governing today. In a republic government, it is said that the people of the country hold the power of electing their leaders to make decisions for their nation. In the United States of America, the presidential election is held every four years. The eligible citizens in every fifty states are granted the right to vote for their desired president. The process of which these votes are counted is called the Electoral College. The way in which a president is selected should be altered to the most popular vote because it produces a more accurate vote of the people and it provides the opportunity to directly select an individual's desired candidate.

Initially, the process of which the president of the United States is elected should be changed from the Electoral College to the most popular vote because it will produce a more accurate percentage of votes. In the article, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," Bradford Plumer states, "And if an electoral tie seems unlikely, consider this: In 1968, a shift of just 41,971 votes would have deadlocked the election; In 1976, a tie would have occured is a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted the other way." Being that there is a lesser number of votes counted in an election due to the Electoral College, there is a highly greater chance of the outcome resulting in a tie rather than showing a clear winner. If the election was based off of the most popular vote, there would be a higher number of votes for each candidate, therefore reducing the chances of ending in a tie. Secondly, in the article, "What is the Electoral College?" the Office of the Federal Register wrote, "The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral vote is required to elect the President." This statement shows that the Electoral College requires more than just the majority of citizen's opinions. If  at least half of the population votes one way, there should be no question about who is the winner. The most popular vote system would award the candidate that was favored by at least half of the population, therefore providing a clear and fair election. Clearly, the most popular vote sysytem would significantly benefit the American Society.

Aditionally, the process in which the President is elected should be changed to the most popular vote because it will provide the opportunity to directly select and individual's desired candidate. In the article, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why event the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," Bradford Plumer quotes, "Under the electoral college sytem, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." This is not how a republic is supposed to run. People are supposed to be granted the opportunity to elect the president of their choice, not of somebody elses. The most popular vote would take into consideration of every citizen's opinion with a direct percentage of votes to elect a certain candidate. In the article, "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President," Richard A. Posner states, "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region (South, Northeast, etc.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president." This may be true but if the most popular vote system was put into place, there would be an even more exact number of how many people voted for each candidate. The Electoral College does not voice the opinions of all citizens because in reality, a person is not directly voting for their desired candidate. They are voting for other representatives that will hopefully, in turn, elect the candidate they want. Obviously, the Electoral College is definitely a system that should be abolished in the United States of America.

In summation, the way in which a president is selected should be altered to the most popular vote because it produces a more accurate vote of the people and it provides the opportunity to directly select an individual's desired candidate. The Electoral College does not provide a fair result nor a clear winner. The most popular vote system would significantly change that for the better of the country.    