Image if you can stay home and get your education that would be fantastic...wait would it really.

Other then learning, a part of school is meeting new people and making friends. Also,if you play a sport for the school you'll have to get up out of bed to get to school anyway for practice. It could be a good work out to get up and go to school, you'll never know. Although, some may think going to your classes on your computer or phone is a good thing but,I rather go to the actual school.

Some may argue,staying home for school is amazing because they think its going to help them way more in school. Lets be real one of the biggest reasons is that there lazy.

They would think you'll get to wake up whenever you want to. If your having trouble in a class or you just miss a lesson you can always go back to the video conferencing and re watch it. To me I still dont think thats enough evidence and detail to say I would stay home.

Other people would say going to school is the right place for it. Everybody can't do things on their own time they would end up forgetting. Some people would have to be force to do what they got do do somewhat like me.

They would be outside or somewhere other then working at home before going outside. Another reason is what if you don't have internet or a computer;You will have to do your work at school unless you want to find a local library.

The teacher might speak slower or just not as clear as every one else is because of the type of computer.

For example,if they glitching you not going to understanding the lesson she is teaching you.

Furthermore,in school would be in a better learning environment then it is to be at home.

A student family could be a loud family causing him not to be as successful as he would be if he was at school. One of their family members could go to his house while he watching the video conference and distract the student from learning. If we think about it, it can help you be prepared for the real world for working. Can make you on time for your job as in getting up early. Going to school everyday is a big part you can't go on a video online to start working at a job.

Although, some may still think going to your classes is a good thing i don't agree.

Some students don't take school in a serous matter like other students who cares about their education;Students that don't care will most likely use online classes as their way to get out of doing work. Allowing people to have a option would be a huge change in the school system.

In conclusion i believe my central idea is supported and with well given reasons.    