I stand with the principle on his decision. I believe that participating in extracurricular activities has many benefits on a child's social life. Making friends while on a team or a club will be much easier, the students will have connections with others, and everyone will have something to talk about. Some students may find it hard to make friends, but by being in an extracurricular activity, there are many chances to find a long lasting pal.

You may think, "It's nice that the students can find a friend, but what if there is nothing they would like or want to participate in?" Well, i'm sure there is something they would enjoy, because there are many options. If a student is athletic, and likes to play sports, they can join one of the many sports teams. If a student likes to write, they can join the creative writing club. If they like to debate on topics, they can join the debate team. The possibilities are endless!

Although there are many non academic options, there are many academic ones as well. Kids who may need help with a subject can come to tutoring sessions held by other wonderful students, who want to lend a helping hand. If a child has trouble focusing on their homework, there is homework club, a quiet place to work on schoolwork, where a teacher is always there to help, if need be. As you can see, there are many helpful options for students who want to work on homework or other school assignments.

Extracurricular activities can also help shape students into better citizens. There are many clubs that help students learn about acceptance, kindness, and taking care of our Earth and environment. Partnership club is where students work with special needs children. These students learn how to accept and help care for others who are a little bit different. Diversity club is where students who are all shapes, sizes, colors, and sexualities can learn about each others backgrounds, and the everyday struggles they may deal with because of how they act or look. Environmental club is where students can learn about how the environment is deteriorating and how we can help stop it from being destroyed. Also, they participate in many community service projects, from picking up trash, to measuring the PH balance in our water systems. Students learn everyday what being a better citizen means.

In conclusion, asking students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity is a good idea. I believe that students school and social life will change for the better. It may take some time to see the positive effects that this new rule will have on the school, but there will definitely be a huge, great difference within the school's community.                            