Having good guidelines and being told what the expectations are will give students a better chance at success. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because the rules and expectations act as a rubric for students to follow, as well as making sure the project is acceptable to the teachers requirements.

The rules and guidelines should be clearly stated to assure the expectations of the teacher are met. On social media there are examples of students who have found a loophole in the directions in order to do less work. For example there is this one person who had to write an essay, topic is unknown. There was one rule that was not clearly stated, that being the font and size, the student used that missing rule to their advantage and used a font made up of shapes, something unreadable. As a student I know that students tend to find a way out of work, setting expectations will give students less of a chance to get out of work.

Giving student guidelines are very helpful in getting the project done. In my experience not all the projects I have gotten have all the guidelines. This leaves me stuck. The guidelines help me determine what material I need to research and how much of it. Sometimes it might even be that I dont know what kind of product I am making to convey that said research. This not only provides lack of a acceptable project but also not giving good guidelines gives unwanted stress towards the student. For example some students I know worry that their project is not good enough to meet the expectations of the teacher, or that they are not doing the work that is wanted. Giving guidelines will provide less stress for the student and with that a better outcome with their project.

With a teacher designed project the teacher can assure that the student is learning the material that is needed. Most classes follow a curriculum schedule that the teacher need to follow. Without the teacher giving the project the student might not learn the things required or not learn enough for the curriculum. When I had an online class my online teacher was very good. She provided me with enough guidelines that I was able to learn the material needed for me to pass the class. Having the teacher design the project will make sure that the student learns the material required for the curriculum.

With a teacher-designed project the rules and expectations act as a rubric for students to follow, as well as making sure the project is acceptable to the teachers requirements. If the project was to be designed by the students, there are too many easy ways out. Students can not give themselves the material needed to pass and some students could give themselves projects that are under the expected requirements of the teacher. Having a teacher design the project gives the teacher the ability to assure the student is learning what is expected of them.