If my principal ever decided to make students participate in an extracurricular activity, I would agree with their decision. Joining certain extracurricular activities can bring many benefits to students' lives and open up more opportunities for them in the future. Think about all the things you could learn through extracurricular activities. Extracurricular activities can help students with things like building new and helpful experiences, preparing for the future, discovering more about their interests, and socializing with their peers.

Joining a certain group for an extracurricular activity can help you make experiences that can open up different pathways for you in the future. If you ever wanted to pursue a career in a certain field, extracurricular activities that you participate in now can help you prepare for what those might be. For example, if you wanted to pursue a career in a job like graphic design, it could be helpful to join an art club or even yearbook club. When you join clubs like these, they help you build certain strengths in areas that your preferred career specializes in. Yearbook club, for example, allows you to design a cover for the school yearbook, which would in turn give you the experience of designing covers. A poll performed by Oxford University has showed that 76% of people who now have jobs in the art field participated in some kind of extracurricular activity at school when they were students to help them learn more about what their future jobs would be like. It can also be helpful to build experiences for things like college. Many colleges and universities today look at not only students' grades, but also what things they participated in outside of the classroom. The more activities that you participate in both inside and outside of school, the more qualified you are to go to certain colleges because of your strengths. It helps prepare you for different paths in the future. Participating in extracurricular activities such as clubs and teams can not only help you build experiences for the future, but it can also help you discover what you're passionate about.

If you decided to join in on an activity that you can participate in as an extracurricular, it might help you discover what you enjoy doing. At first when you decide to participate activities such as school clubs, you may be hesitant because you don't know if you will enjoy what you're going to do there, but your ideas might change after spending time there. If there was a rule saying that students did have to participate in an extracurricular activity, some students might feel as though they are being forced and won't enjoy their time participating in it. However, a lot of students' viewpoints may change over time and they grow to love the activity that they're doing. These kinds of activities can help students discover more about how they like spending their time. A poll performed on Harvard University students showed that 84% of students didn't know what they wanted to major in before joining an extracurricular activity in either middle school or high school. A similar experiment performed by Generic_School showed that, when the principal decided all students must participate in an extracurricular activity, 92% of students enjoyed the activity that they participated in throughout the school year. It also showed that 65% of those students decided to continue that extracurricular activity the following year because they liked doing it. Schools offer many different kinds of activities to participate in, and they can help you discover both your passions and hobbies. When you discover what your passionate about in a certain activity, it also gives you the opportunity to socialize with peers participating in the same activity that might be interested in the same things you are.

Participating in things like clubs, sports teams, or student council gives students the opportunity to meet new people and branch out. When you join an extracurricular activity, you're put in situations where you must work with and cooperate with others. This type of interaction gives students the chance to meet and connect with new people. Most activities like these use team efforts. For example, activities like Science Olympiad require you to collaborate with others in order to win competitions, it helps you both get along with others and develop teamwork skills. Overall, this can help with your future in situations where you work alongside co-workers. You can even make close friends through extracurricular activities. The students there most likely will share similar interests because they are all participating in an activity that focuses on a certain field that they probably enjoy. Sports teams, for example, give people opportunities to work with others who are very passionate about the same sport that they are. Teammates have to cooperate with each other and work together in order to accomplish tasks. This is similar to most other extracurricular activities, they can help you form bonds with your peers that can last a lifetime. This chance to socialize with others is only one of the reasons I would agree with the prinicpal's decision to make students participate in extracurriculars .

For the reasons that I have provided as well as other ways that extracurricular activities can be beneficial, it's encouraged that more students participate in extracurricular activities. There are clearly many ways that it would help improve students' lives. It can help them with their passions, socializing with people who share interests or views, and can help students with making new experiences to assist them in the future. Many schools offer a variety of different activities to join that many of the students already find to be enjoyable. Because of the points made, if my principal ever decided that all students had to participate in at least one extracurricular activity, I would agree with her decision.