Cars have always been apart of American culture. From the "...birth place of the Model T; the home of Detroit; the place where Wilson Pickett immortalized "'Mustang Sally'"(The End of Car Culture, Rosenthal) Cars and automobils have impacted our everyday lifes from going to the store to hanging out with friends, but car usage has been stedily decreesing and for all the right reasons.

A new movemnent is trending everywhere, it's called "smart planning". It's simple, separate subarban life from auto use. In doing so this movement is going to help out the econdomy and also the enviorment. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 perecent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." [empheses on original] That many emissions are horrible for the enviorment and even worse for our pockets, because they're just going up in smoke. New cities are rising and are acctuly trying to adopt this trend by making cities denser, which means that all the stores and your work place are in walking distance. By being able to walk to your local shopping store or favorite move theatre means that you're saving gas, and by saving gas the ecodimey is saving money which will make prices in all the stores and other bussnesses cheaper for the consumer, you!

The infamous smog is not only in Bejing, or the United States, but also in The City of Love. "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals...[Last] week Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter (PM) per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London..." (Paragraph 17, Duffer) The city is not so lovely as you'd think it would be, but the trend has cought on in Paris! Not only that but it also has been great for the enviorment. "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog...[The smog] rivaled Begjing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world." (Paragraph 14, Duffer)

Most people would think "I could never do that! No one could live like that and still make a living!" Honestly though, it's been doing the city of Bogota in Colombia, a city comprimised of 7 million citizens a favor. They held a event for only one day evey year since the mid 1990s to improve and "...promote alternive transportation and reduce smog." (Paragraph 21, Selsky) Doing this has sparked a revolution of change thoughout the whole city. More people are willing to walk insted of drive to help the enviorment and the place they live in, and the city is giving right back to them! "Parks and sports centers have also bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut trafic; and new restaruants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." (Paragraph 28, Selsky) Just one day a week could cut down smog and other green house gasses a lot and help our enviroment and the edodomey.

Back in the 1950's people had to use cars to do eveything. From talking to a friend face to face to going to the nearest resturant. But now you can do all of that in your own living room, due to technology that has advanced us to be able to use Facetime, Skype, or Oovoo to talk to our friends face to face using out phone, tablet, or personal computer. And to drive anywhere we need to we have apps the diliver taxies to our houses for us."...the Internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends...Likewise the rise in cellphones and car-pooling apps have facilitated more flexiable commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared can services fro getting to work." ( Paragraph 35, Rosenthal)

Working everyday will effect this because no one wants to miss work. Missing work means less money and creates more stress for the person missing work. By saving maybe $10 on gas that day you're missing out on the $125 you could've made by working, but there's another solution to this also. Car-pool! Even if you're driving the car yourself or you're in the car you're saving fule and money. Once a week you could to this to stop in increes of smog in our enviorment and even help with traffic jams. And without traffic jams eveyone is less stressed out and a lot more happier.

By not using our cars as much, we can help ourselves and everyone aroud us by making a better world that makes it better for our children, or even our childrens' children. We can save money by just taking one day off of not driving. We should limit car use so we can stop car accedents from happening, getting stressed in traffic jams, to helping out the economical heart of the United States, and just to make our world a better place to have fun and thrive in.    