Good advice can be tricky to come by. Most people, when looking for an answer, tend to go to family or friends. Seeking out a trusted person in your life could be good, but only asking one person most likely won't help you to the extent you may be looking for. Not everyone is the same, and one person could give you advice that worked for them, but might not benefit you. Asking multiple people gives you different viewpoints and options to think over.

What makes up good advice? Well advice in general is a piece of information or and opinion on a situation. You could be asking for help ranging from a moral issue to a fight with friends. Advice can be found everywhere, in quotes, poems, books, from your friends, family, teachers, or even strangers. Good advice usually comes from a known source, or someone you can trust. Everybody looks for a different type of advice, even if it doesn't work for you, it could still work for someone else. Good advice is something that will help you fix a problem or help you see things differently than you have before.

When faced with a problem, many people ask for advice. Advice is one of those things that anyone can give, but not all are good at. If you have one friend who always gives good advice, you may gravitate towards them first, rather than someone who may not be as skilled. However, everybody has different experiences, and may be able to relate to your problem more than someone else. Asking people who have been in your situation is a great way to hear what they did and weigh the options.

If someone is given two options, they will likely take less time thinking over the options and choosing between the two than they would if given multiple. Having a variety of opinions and solutions may help you weigh out the good and bad. Only having one option could keep you from seeing the bad parts of the plan because you have nothing else to compare it to. Though it may take longer, deciding which works best for you may be worth it in the end.

There are multiple ways to compare advice. First, make a pros and cons list. These are very simple to make and are a good way to see exactly what each bit of advice entails. Another good way is to just simply think through each scenario. Say to yourself, if I follow this advice, then what would happen. If any piece of advice leads to a bad or undesirable outcome, you may want to eliminate it and choose a different one. The last way to compare could be to think of the source. Did this advice come from someone reputable, or trustworthy, do they have experience in my situation, and would they possibly lie to protect me or to keep my feelings from being hurt? If the source turns out to be bad, then move onto your next option.

Not all people like talking about their problems to many people. These people may decide on a solution, then simply to a sort of poll, to validate it. They may ask someone, should I do this, and weigh the amount of "yes" to the amount of "no" and decide whether or not it is good based off of that. Though this method works, you may be blind sided and not be able to see both parts of your solution. Rather than doing a yes or no poll, asking people for advice and instead, writing them down and grouping them together by what they mean is a better way to conduct a poll. If someone tells you yes or no, they aren't able to tell you exactly what they do or do not like about your idea.

Asking advice from multiple people could benefit you in many ways. You have more options, more sources, and more to think about. Even though not every bit of advice you get may work for you, it is important to hear different points of view. Just because you know someone and trust them, doesn't mean they always know what is best for you.

In the end, it is up to you to decide what you listen to. Choose the advice you take carefully, not all of it is there to help you.