Having different opinions can help an individual a lot, even though you may not realize it. Your way of life can come from your parent's, grandparent's, and even your own opinion. Therefore It is very good to listen to your peers, they might have information that you never even imagined to think about, they can improve your character without you even knowing. This is why I think getting different opinions is a spectacular life skill to have and will help you in many different ways.

Whether it comes to picking out an outfit, or watching the news, I like to have more than one opinion on what I should be wearing, or hearing on the news. Especially in politics, I advise you to listen to more than one channel on the television to prevent bias. One station could be feeding you false information that will prevent you from knowing what is right. If you listen to two or more channels, you can piece them all together and learn something from it. For example you might have learned from an article that a local grocery store was selling horribly infected apples. Then you ask your parents and they say it was one apple with a worm in it. The article was over exaggerating just to make a big deal out of it and make money off of it. Different views can also help support you when it comes to applying for a college and job interviews, and when you have that job one day, you will want to know what to say, and when to say it.

Communication is another key life skill that having different views on different things may come in handy. When it comes to negotiating with a car dealer to attempt to get a new car, you will need to be prepared so you can both be happy. Communication is something in life you will use quite frequently, and I recommend attempting to master, because it can make someone's day in a heart beat if you use opinionated conversations the right way. You can even spark a pleasant conversation with your neighbor by asking them about football if they are big football fans, especially if you both like the same team. A specific opinion is needed here as well because you might have learned in the past that your neighbor does not like to talk about politics or the media, this is why you need to learn boundaries.

It is very easy to cross someone's boundaries and get in trouble in the blink of an eye. This could happen frequently if you only have one opinion from one source or person. Nothing good will ever come out of having one opinion, or even no opinion. If someone has a missing leg and has crutches, do not ask them about it, that could be a sensitive time in their lives and they may not feel comfortable talking to you about it. If they bring it up, then have at it, you just have to be vigilant and smart with these types of things. Try to avoid boundary crossing as much as possible.

In Conclusion, when it comes to communication and big events in your life, learning different opinions from different sources can be very useful in your life and should be used fluently in life. You never know if it will help you if you don't try. If you use this skill frequently, you don't know how many people you will make happy. The fact that it will help you make the right decisions, and make you successful, definitely would make me want to learn and adapt to different opinions. If you are prepared and know how to use this, the outcome of the deisions you make will be outstanding.