Dear. mr. sentor

The electoral college is it right that you have speaker that deside for you? when we pick a presendent when have to think about the out come ad what will change and what is he planig on doing it we elect him. Everone in office basicly decides what where going to do nobody has a say in it. They tell us where we go in war they ca start something they mihgt think they can finish but everyone will be aganist them or they decide who going to war or not and if we come home to see our family.

So think about wen we go to elect someone think about your futher and how it mhite be if they sit in the big chair. also when you go to vote do who desides if we want them to speak for our state teaxes has 34 electors to speake for you and tot ell you about how things are going to ran. But why you mhite ask? because that who you voted for with out even relizing it when you choses president you chosesing you life basicaly

When we trun 18 we all as american citezens have the right to vote but who are you voting for we leave in a non-democratic country where everthing is not ran by one person but sevral and is that right to have other poeple speak for how your life wants to be. most of you say no but that the world we live in today and all of this is based on a populaty vote.

A dispute about the outcome an Electoral collage is possible but vary hard to because you may have other poeple wanting it but may not see it your way. Every electal vote needs a presdintal vote to so if we do the math you have a state and a country aginst you so the odds arent in your favor. Now there is a method called winner takes all and it basicaly what they say gose!

Do you think you should have poeple deciding you faith? Poeple like the presedent or the electoral collage. So you may not know where your life is headed but is it ok to have them choses your life off of some vote you had no clue you picked him. well then do agree whit the electoral college.

Singed

PROPER_NAME                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      