When you get stuck on something whether or not it is to buy a cat or buy a dog. You always ask someone their opinion right? If you don't, you really should it can help you make great decisions like, whether or not should you buy that cat or chose that job. Thats why Im here to show you why asking opinions with multiple people is a great thing.

Lets say you want to go on a cruise and you ask your friends and family their opinions about money wise, your friends most likely think its really cool, worth the money you can pay it off right. Your thinking, "Yeah, this sounds like so much fun and its not that much I will work over time."

On the other hand your parents are thinking maybe its not so worth it your already in college dept that you need to pay off why have another thing. So you think to your self, "Maybe shes right this would be fun but I just really cant pay for it right now." This is why it is so important to ask multiple people opinions because they may be bias to the subject or don't want the best for you.

Lets say you want to buy a dog, your first dog. You dont know much about taking care of dogs so you ask a few people their opinion on your choice, your family loves the choice even though they never had a dog. So you go to ask your friends they say, "Yeah! You totally should do that, it would be so cute." Now you go ask a experienced co-worker he says, " Your dog can be one of the best things that happened in your life but you have to find the right moment, because if you work to much and cant take care of it its not worth it to you and your dog. Also it is a lot of money and time, you have to pay almost 100 dollars a month just to feed it on top of your time, taking it on walks in the morning, middle of the day, and at night. It just not might be fit for you right now." So you take that into you pile of opinions, sure its fun and cute but maybe your not ready for it, its not fair to the dog. This is also another reason why you should ask multiple people their opinions. Because somepeople may say something to you you never thought of before.

So you want to either go to the army or the navy and you need help with choosing, you love the land and the sea so thats not a problem. You go to ask your family they might be full ride or not they love you so they dont want you making a decision that could maybe cause you your life. Now, you ask your friends about it they say army because its cooler and you get to shoot guns. You realize they wern't much help so you ask a army man and a navy man, they tell you all the things you have to go through in training and in the real world, you think about all the posiblites and dangers for going into it you havent thought about when you asked your friends. You realize sometimes asking people can change your life tremendly, it also can save your life, and change it forever

The whole purpose of this was to show you that asking multiple people for their opinion can help you and the others around you a lot, you get to see the whole story, maybe they are experienced in the topic, or if the people you ask have no knowledge you know to just go to more people for more opinions. Thank you for reading this and I hope I changed your mind on asking opinions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              