In the article, I think that the image of the "face" on Mars is just a landform. The NASA workers think that that the face was created by aliens. I don't think it is so.

When it says in the article "The camera on the board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face. Perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze." From the image they took, I don't see anything that has to do with aliens, and if they think the holes and landforms are made from aliens, well they are not because one aliens don't exist, and two holes can be their because of meteroids. Also how I think the face is a natural landform, the mount next to it doesn't look like a face. It just looks like a regular, normal landform, or it could of been from a meteroid that fell. If they think that aliens made those mount, they need to prove it with images of the rover going around Mars, because what they are saying about the holes and the "face" hasn't fased me one bit.

On the top image of the article, it shows the images throughout the years of 1976 (left), 1998 (middle), and 2001 (right). The first image of 1976 which was taken by Viking 1 does look like a face at first, but you never know, they probably used a camera that wasn't really good, and the image was blurry. I think that is why the landform looks like a face. The second image of 1998 which was taken by Viking 2 is a little more clear, but also still looks like a face, but it is starting to fade away, the nose, mouth, and eyes. The third image of 2001 which was taken by NASA does not look like a face at all. The landform has all kinds of cracks, and lines on the mount.

With the images, in the article is says "Twenty Five years ago something funny happened around Mars." So that was twenty five years ago when they took that photo, so that proves that in that time, they didn't have all kinds of cool techology to take photos that are really clear. Unlike in 2001, they had really good technology to take clear images to take a photo of the mount or whatever you think it is.

When they say that the aliens made the Face, you might not want to go with it because they might research it, but they also might assume what it is right away. And how they thought it was a face in 1976, they might of not had good technology in the 1900s. And they still believed it when they took the 2001 picture, and they even have good technology now. I don't know if they still believe it now, but if they do, that is suprising me.

When people put anything online about how they think it something, don't believe it until you see it yourselve. Either on the computer, or a book. But you don't have to go with what everyone is saying just because they think it is that, go look it up yourself, and if you don't think the image is compared to what they think the image is. That doesn't matter if you think different, it is who you are and what your imagination tells you what the object, image, color, etc. That is what makes you special in your own way.