In our modern era, the reality that American public schools have yet failed to implement online learning programs nationally comes across as a damning testament to the slovenliness and archaism of educational bureaucracy. I believe that allowing students to attend their classes from home would benefit students, educators, and administrators as a whole because of the isolation from contagious sicknesses as well as the efficiency passively attributed to being able to learn from the comfort of one's own home.

The idea of implementing online learning programs on a national level to isolate students and staff from contagious illness and disease perhaps sounds bombastic and reactionary at a first glance, but many of the greatest epidemics of the twenty-first century have been due to the proliferation of disease by child and adolescent carriers. For example, the recent pandemic-level outbreak of the novel coronavirus in America has led to the closure of all public schools in Seattle, Washington. By ensuring that children and adolescents can obtain a proper education online and from the comfort of their home environment, fewer people as a whole get sick and fewer carriers can actively spread a given malady. In addition to the aforementioned benefits of online public education, accessibility to immunocompromised and/or older teachers & immunocompromised students opens up significantly and such individuals can obtain a quality education with mitigated risk.

The second main benefit of attending classes from home is the simple fact that it is, by and large, more comfortable for most people to learn from their homes than it is in another less familiar environment. This comfort breeds and leads to an increase in efficiency due to a student being better able to focus with less of the brain partitioned to ease the stress of being outside of its home. Better focus, however, does not solely stem from a comfortable learning environment, but is rather amplified by the lack of distractions from events in a regular classroom or other students, allowing for an equal distribution and ratio of teacher attention to student performance rather than behavior or minimizing distraction. Grades will go up, costs will go down, and teachers and students can mutually gain from one another.

The slow lurch of schools nationwide toward progress must be substituted and replaced by an accelerating stride toward the future of education and the inevitable ubiquity of online learning to better suit the needs of the students of the current and next generations and to give rise to healthier, cheaper, and more productive learning environments that all people should benefit from. 