Dear Principle,

Allow students to have phones because students will want to use their cell phones during lunch and other free time. Students would agree and so do I, because no student wants to not use their phone all day long while they are at school. The principle may agree or may not agree to this task, but students may not be as responsible at school with their phones out as they use them. Most of the students may agree so be more careful at school with their phones out during lunch or any other free time. Students may be happy with this text if all students can follow the rules of cell phones activity.

I believe that all the students can be trusted with this idea to always keep their phone off during class sections. If some students decide not to follow this, then you can not allow them at all. Cell phones to me should be allowed, but only if all students can be trusted. Each student will try their best to not use it during class sections, but only during lunch and other free time at school. Every student wants to use them during school hours and have the trust they are given to use them and be respectful not to steal other peoples cell phones when they are being used.

Each and every student may have a phone and I'm sure that they all agree that not having and phones on campus is harsh and mean. I will agree to this task and make sure that other students and not using them during class. Students may not like either of these tasks, but everyone will use one. If the students cant use their phones, then the teachers and the principle should not be allowed to use their phone either. The free time that is usable during class and be used at any time for the phones to be used if allowed. Always turn them off during class and are only able to be used during lunch or any free time during school hours.

Allow this task to be used in our school as long as all students obey the rules of cell phone use. See if all students can complete this task by not using them during class and make sure that all phones are turned off at that time. Each students can try to complete this and not mess it up for the rest of the school and students. Thank you principle for agreeing or disagreeing to this task at our school.