The Electoral College is not a place, but a process. It was established by the founding fathers in the Constitution. The college consists of electors, which vote for President and Vice President. The College consit of many electors, about 538 that is. There is a certain number of votes that is required to elect the president. Each candidate running for president is his or her own group of electors. The candidate's political party usually chose the electors. Election is held every four years in November on the first Tuesday. There is usually something called a "winner-take-all" system, it awards the winners of the presidential candidate. People should agree of keeping the Electoral College because without it, countires would not have presidents or vice presidents. Most people don't understand the use of the Electoral College. I think that there should be someone going out to jobs and schools talking to the the new generation and the people with jobs about this Electoral College. Under the electoral college system, voters vote, not for president, but for a state of electors, so what do you think our country would look like without this? For instance if you lived in Texas, and you wanted to vote for David Mark, you'd have to vote for about 34 Democratic electors pledged to Mark. People always seem to argue about this Electoral College, we calll it a disastor factor. American's should consider them selves lucky for the big election crisis that happened in a century. Some people think the electoral college is unfair to voters, only because of the winner-take-all system. During one of the campaigns, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all. People say that the electoral college is unfair; outdated, and irrational.

Each party selects a slate of electors that are trusted to vote for the party's nominee.

There are five reasons for retaining the Electoral College;

1) Certainly of Outcome- A dispute over the outcome of an electoral college vote is possible 2) Everyone's President- The electoral College requires as presidential candidate 3) Swing States- The winner-take-all system of awarding the electoral votes induces the candidates 4) Big States- The electoral college restores some of the wight in the political balance.

5) Avoid run-off elections- The electoral college avoids the porblem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast.

People still continue to argue about the Electoral College method of selecting the president. that it may turn off voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state Democrats. The Electoral College is a good thing. Vote for President and Vice President and your country will be on top.    