Did you know that there are car-free cities? In the German suburbs, life goes on without cars and vehicles to use as transportataion. In the outskirts of Freiburg, a lot of things that envolve car use are forbidden. Driving in Paris is also banned because of smog. In Bogoto, Columbia, they decided to spead the Day Without Cars to local countries.

Near the French and Swiss borders, on the outskirts of Freiburg, street parking, driveways, and home garages are forbidden in the new district. On Vauban's streets, it is almost a car-free area. The only vehicle on the streets is the tram that travels to downtown Freiburg and few streets on one edge on the community. It's not like the whole idea of cars are forbidden. People are allowed to own cars but, there are only two places to park. "They are allowed to park in large garages at the end of the development, where a car-owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home", paragraph 2 states.

Because of the air pollution, Paris set up a partial driving ban to clear the air. On Monday, drivers with a even-numbered license plate have to leave their cars at home or pay a 22-euro fine, which is ($31). Close to 4,000 drivers were fined and 27 people had their cars impounded, due to the reaction of the fine. The good thing about it is, after the change was put into action, congestion went down 60% in the capital of France after 5 days of intensifying the smog. The idea worked perfectly fine and ended up making a great change in France and helped the environment.

During a car-free day in Bogota, Columbia, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, and took buses to work. The purpose of this action was to control pollution and avoid traffic jams. The Day Without Cars was so effective that, it began spreading to other countires. The turnout was large, people didn't even care about the weather. There were just a bunch of people working together for a good cause. The outcome took away a lot of stress and also reduced air pollution in Columbia.

Although, cars are used very often and are a useful form of transportation, they are also very hamful. Taking a break from driving isn't a bad idea. Maybe the people in Florida should consider taking action and having our own care-free day. It wouldn't hurt! If anything, i'll help!    