Dear,

Mr. Senator

I am a student at SCHOOL_NAME, and in my opinion we should change to election by popular vote for the president of the United Stastes. Thats my opinon because you would know excacly how many people actually picked the president of the united states. Some people might make a mistake and pick somebody they don't want so if you do it by paper, and give people what the president will do for us peolpe might make the right choise.

So if you really feel the need of taking down the collage go ahead and do it. It will be better and in the future we can make another one and make it bigger and better then the one we have right know. It might hurt some people I know that, but once we get the new one they won't be so dissaponited because you got ridd of the old one. So make a good choise. Most people say "but it is like a home to me" they might be saying that because thats what everybody says so take that one down and build a bigger and better one  then the one we have today.

I know there is the bigger states but  you can always split it boys one one side and all the girls on the other .

Look at obama he was suppose to make are country a better place but he is making it worse. so maby if we get a look at them and they tell us what they are going to do right in front of us we might pick a president that is acually going to do what he says, and not make our school lunch so horribale and so little. I'm not tring to be mean to Mr. Obama but he said he was going to make change we all thought it was going to be good change but NO he is making the biggest mistakes. I know we wall make mistakes but he said he was going to make change and so far he is making bad changes.

I'm not saing he is bad president but he said he was going to make change i just wish it was good and not bad. I have lived in the united states all my life and I have never seen this much bad change. I hear alot of bad stuff like world war 3 going to happen and i think to my self and think is this whta the world has came to.

So let's make the good choise and lets get ridd of that collage.

With all do respect,

Miriannette Reyes                                         