The summer is a time for students to enjoy a break from schoolwork. Most students spend their time on vacation or relaxing. Summer projects may impede on students' time to relax, and they may take away their freedom. It is the students' break, so they may want to decide what projects they have to do. Summer projects should be student-designed because it allows the students to do projects they are interested in and that work with their summer schedule.

Student-designed projects will interest students more than teacher-designed projects. Many students don't want to do anything school related over the summer. By assigning them projects, they have to take time to do something they don't want to do. However, if the projects were student-designed, they would be more likely to complete them since they designed them themselves. These projects would make the students use their creativity, which would lead to more of them expressing their interests. They will be much more motivated to do a project that interests them than a project made and given to them by a teacher.

Many students travel and have plans over the summer. Consequently, they may not have time to do teacher-designed projects. If the students designed their own projects, they would be able to design them to fit their schedule. With this flexibility, students will stress less about finding time for the project. Therefor, students will produce better projects because they aren't stressed. This flexibility allows students to do their best and get the most out of doing school work in the summer.

Many people think that the freedom of student-designed projects will allow students to be lazy and off topic. However, this freedom gives the students the opportunity to turn schoolwork into something that interests them, thus motivating them to do well. The summer is a break for students to relax and not worry about school. School projects take away from that, but the student-designed projects give more flexibility than those made by teachers. Therefor, summer projects should be student-designed in order to grab students' interest and not impede on their break.