Everyone has a hobby or something they enjoy doing at home why not just do it at school with your friends. I agree with the principal for making everyone stay after school for a extracurricular activity because you would stay active by playing sports and running around, you meet new people and friends by staying after with all the kids from your school, and you have fun with playing with you friends.

By staying after school you stay active and healthy by playing sports. I love staying after school for night hawk which is are after school program we play basketball on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Its a lot of fun when the teachers join and play with us and we have a big game. We are staying healthy by running around and jumping up and down, bringing up are hart rate and sweating. This is why I think the principal should make everyone stay after school for a extracurricular

When you stayed after everyday for weather its a club,sport or another activity there will be other kids, some might be your friend but some you might not know. If they are doing the same after school activity you must have some things in common like why your in the same activity so its a easy way to meet new people and friends. This is why I think the principal should make everyone stay after school for a extracurricular activity.

The after school program is pretty fun because of the verity of activities like sports, dance teams, clubs and more. My friends and I like the sports after school because there is soccer and basketball the more kids that stay after the more fun it is because we can have bigger games. This is why I think the principal should make everyone stay after school for a extracurricular activity.

I agree with the principal making everyone stay after for a extracurricular activity because I think it would keep you active and healthy, meet new people and friends, and have a lot of fun. There a a big verity of different and fun activities there is probably one just right for you.      