There are several reasons for which I do not belive in the process of the Electoral Collage, First of all the system in which the goverment presides is internally corrupt. Under the EC voters votes do not count. Even if the entire state votes for one candidate 100% the person representing the state may choose to say that the other candiate won. Therfore messing up the actual count by saying that all the people in that particular state voted for a singular candiate. Now lets be real no state is going to entirely vote for a single candidate,but lets say that Obama's count for Florida was 25% instead of the 75% it supposeably was. Obama would not have won. It is a well known fact that if not for the electoral collage Obama would not have won at all. Same with John Kerry. Who are the elcators who voted for him? Who are the electors at all? Well that's something for the state to decide. The state picks up to three people to be the speakers for those states. They try to find,(are

SUPPOSED

) to find a non decided not on any side representative for that state. But that plan has failed.

The disaster factor is the best known argument against the EC. According to S2:"The Indefensable Electoral Collage" By Bradford Plumer. Richard Nixon,Jimmy Carter,Bob Dole and ETC all agree on abolishing the EC. After Al Gore won the presidental election in 2000 due to the popular vote of the people, The thing best known as the diaster factor came into play. The disaster factor is a fiasco that happens in the American goverment. This happened because according to the law state legislaters are techically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. In 1960 this happened to then Vice President(also running for the big chair) Nixon. The state corresponders for Hawaii overthrew Nixons oppents electors votes in order for him to win. He cheated to win. He bribed the electors because lets be real who is gonna turn down 50,000 dollars? Its the electors fault that bad leadership comes to America.

"The EC is widely regarded as an Ananchronism"according to the article posted by Richard A Posner. Once again yet another reason to Abolish the EC.Being a Democrat myself the way the Electoral Collage is set up is absolutely preposterous.

The third and final reason for the abolishment of the EC is simple. The votes NEVER count, like ever. And im sick and tired  of stupid presidents winning (like Obama the hijo de puta).No single president is going to be everbodys president even the greats such as Geogre Washington, John F Kennedy and Abaraham Lincoln were not everybodys presidents not everyone agreed on their radical ideas but NOBODY AGREES WITH OBAMA NOBODY!!!!!!!! But because of false votes made by the elctives Obama won anyway. But there is serveral things i would like to conclude with look below.

Anyway the EC should be abolished because it is a poopoo rule. And....................................................................

WE SHOULD NOT KEEP THE ELECTORAL COLLAGE BECAUSE ITS STOOPID. The end.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            