I feel like driveless cars are not the safest or most reliable solution to human driver cars. Sometimes electronics can malfunction so who's to say that the car will always stop, or that it will always tell you when to slow down. Although it says "driveless cars" the vehicles still require human assistance. Like the passage says "Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver?"

The companies that have tried to make smart cars say that smarter cars need smarter roads. For example GM created a concept car in the 1950's that could run on a special track. The track was embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. Companies figured since they couldn't make the road smarter they would make the cars smarter. Manufacturers such as Google with the modified Toyota Prius uses lots of sensors, video cameras, radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. Also a Dubbed LIDAR is used to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the vehicles surroundings using laser beams.

In the 1980's automakers used speed sensors on the wheels for the creation of antilock brakes. Although sensors are not new creations the sensors on "driveless cars" tell the car when to slow down, speed up, or even stop. Companies plan on improving these sensors to make driving "safer" and so that the cars can actually become "driveless". As none of the "driveless" cars produced so far are not actually "driveless" but still require "driver assistance". Meaning the driver can't just sit back and relax they have to stay alert and be ready to take over if something should happen. GM has developed seat "notifications" that tell the driver when they are backing into an object. These seats vibrate to alert the driver of the objects behind them.

Some manufacturers plan on bringing information systems such as "heads-up displays". These information systems can be turned off as soon as the driver needs to take over. Automakers continue to work to solve the current problems with "driveless" cars. In some states it is illegal to even test computer-driven cars. These states will most likely allow them after they have been proven to be safe. \

In conclusion most driveless cars are still a work in progress and may still take years to perfect. More than just sensors have to be added to make it fully driveless meaning no driver assistance, no alerts, no seat vibrations, and no laser beams. Car companies have to make sure that the cars are safe enough to be on the roads before they release it to the public. Safety features such as the "heads-up displays" and more would have to be added to ensure the safety of the passengers.