Dear, to Miami senator. Americans should change election by popular vote for the president of the United State. The Electoral College it's not a good thing that is helping the citizens to express thier own thoughts in political. In Electoral College it's not really voting for the president it's for a slate of electors that turns elect the president. This shows that we the "People" that have the right to vote who we believe to be the leader for United States we are not really choosing him.

Additional, " The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer shows " the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational". This can explain the Electoral College is "unfair to voters because the winner take all system in each sate" that means candidates can't spend time in each state getting their chance to win thier vote from the state for the next four years. However, electoral college "avoids the problem of elections in which no candiate receives a majority of the votes cast" shown in " In defense of the Electoral College:Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the preseident" by Richars A. Posner. This can help the candiates to not be a tied so the Electoral College reduced and thiers a clear winner. What if their was a tied would citizens like a machine take thier decision on who's going to be the leader of the United States ? I don't think so becasue a machine doesn't have a right to vote.

In therefore, in 2000 Al Gore lost the presidency but won the popular vote. "Over 60 percenet of voters would prefer a direct election ... this year voters can expect the popular vote win could again lose the presidency" explain Plumer. This wasn't the voters decision was the Electoral College we should't have something that doesn't express our right of speech in political. However, the Electoral Collge "process consists of the slection of the electors, they vote for President and Vice President" this shows that the citizens can vote to be the most faithful President to be the leader on this opportunity land. To end, we shouldn't keep something that it's not really showing the voice of each citizens on this wonderful world we have as Ameica.

To conclude, we should change election by popular vote for the president of the United States. If we have a tie in the elctoral vote, "the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president " this explain we the citizens didn't chose the president would you like the citizens get mad a make a protest to chose the president ? American would like that so please senator take out the Electoral College becasue you never know if one day the citizens get as one to protest to get rid off the Electoral collge with their power of speech.                            