Think about walking into your second period class and you have a test. This is a test that you have to pass but you have no clue what the test is going to be over. You sit down and your heart starts pounding so fast that you feel sick to your stomach. You're so scared to take this test because your not sure if you're going to pass it or not. "You make begin", your teacher says. Reading a few questions in your head and you dont know any of the answers. Have you ever thought about technology being able to help you? Should technology be able to read students emontional expressions?

The Facial Action Coding System is a 3D computer model of the face. It uses your facial muscles to determand how your feeling. For example if you are feeling anger the computer would know because your orbicularis oris tightens your lips to show the anger. This device would be able to be showed by a real face or even a painting like the Mona Lisa. This computer can even show mixed emotions.

Technology is a valuable resource for students. The new technology called the "Facial Actions Coding System" would be great for students. This is something that will be able to read your face and let people know if your bored, tired, happy, sad, and it even shows your fears. If your stuggling on a test or an assignment it will give you help and walk you through some of the problems. This would help many students understand the concept and test scores would be so much higher.

According to the article people are able to tell if you are having a bad day. People can not tell what is wrong with you just because you look sad or upset. Vinci studied human anatomy to help paint facial muscles that can convey certain emotions. If you look at the painting of Mona Lisa you would be able to tell from her facial strututres of what type of mood she is trying to show. When looking at the Mona Lisa , it really intended to make you smile and in a happy mood.

How would you want to feel when taking a test and understanding the concept better? Wouldnt you want to be able to have higher test scores and better grades? Do you think that the Facial Action Coding System is a valuable resource for students?

The FACS would benfit alot of students in the world. Do you think that technology should be able to read students emotions?           