Dear State Senator

The Election System should be changed to popular vote. The Electoral College is unfair and irratinol. It should be cancelled, and be based upon popular vote with numbers that make since. Many votes have been barely won because the numbers are so close and high. The Electoral College Isn't an amount of how many people voted for a president, its for an elector. And you dont always pick your elector, it could get confused and a wrong elector could get picked.

Many states do not have a fair chance to vote, And one representitive can count as too many votes compared to their own value. Sates that didnt have the chance to see the canidates were most likely ignored wich dosent help because even if the people guessed a vote the electors would give out a large number of votes randomly to a canidate. Some staes didnt even get so see an ad for the canidates once.

"A single representitive from whyoming representing five hundred thousand representitives would have as much to say as fifty five representitives from California, who represnt thirty five million voters."  " During the 2000 campaign seventeen states didnt get to see the canidates at all,Including rhode island and south carolinia, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad."

These qoutes from bradford plumber, explain that half of the peoples votes were going to wrong canidates as the pepole were completley confused about who they were even voting for. They didnt even get Ads that could give them at least a look or a hint, basically, the people were clueless. It even seems a little unorganized, the Electoral College dosent make much since either based on the information given, but what you should really think about is how the Electoral College has hint of trying to cheat its way into electing a canidate.

In addition, The voters are left with an unfair outcome at almost every election because of the Electoral Collage. The votes can either be very close or the people could miss Ads or campaigns for canidates, leaving the people with nothing and confusion all over. Even if you knew what elector you voted for, you cant necessarily pick who it is your voting for and your vote could possibly get confued giving you a bad outcome. Most elections are just slid by and are just based on what ever the Electoral College thinks should happen. So please abolish the Electoral College its is irrational and is not neccessary, let the people really have a fair chance.            