All my life I have grown up with older people, people who are at least forty or higher. They have given me all sorts of advice, good and bad. Asking for different advice can even change, for example, your perspective on the world. You can probably see the world in this nasty or horrific way, but there can be someone right in front of you who loves the world, and they know it has problems, but they look on the positive side. The three main reasons I look for advice is because there are three things I want to be able to get from what was given to me. One of them is what I just said, I want to see the world in a different way, if you've seen me in public, if I see a shady looking person, I start curl my fist into a ball, I want to be able to see the world in a different light. Second, taking advice from people who lived for a long time can lead you into the right direction. Third, it can help you and your future family if you have one because you will have this advice you got growing up and you want to help your family. You'll be able to tell them all of this and hopefully lead them in the right direction. Just to show you what I mean, I'm going to get into more detail. Not to long ago my family, best friend, and I went out to go eat at Subway and when we got back into the car there was a man behind with all gold teeth, as soon as I saw him I didn't trust him because of his teeth and I started making a fist. Reasons like this is why I'm always trying to get advice from different people, I've seen how screwed up our world is right know and I've had trouble trusting people in public, what my parents always tell me is to welcome everyone. I know I should be following what they have told because I've done that my whole life, that's the reason I try my best not to cuss, I will sometimes say words like that, but I still try my best not to. Like I said, getting advice from a lot of different people can help you get a different outlook in life, so try taking advice everyone once in a while. You can get advice from lots of different people, it can be good, or it can be bad. In elementary school I got into deep trouble because this guy was messing with someone else, I told him to stop, but he just started picking on me, but since I was in elementary school, he said something that caused me to break, so when he started to turn around, I picked up a rock and I chucked it at his back, luckily it missed, but I still got in trouble. The reason I did that was because my brother said if they hurt you, even with words, hit them back, that's some bad advice I followed. That's why I say right now, take advice that will lead you into the right direction, advice that won't cause any trouble, in middle school I'm surprised I haven't gone insane yet because there are some kids I want punch in the face because they mention race or call people names, but there is some advice I've been told that keeps me calm. One is these guys are my age, they can say what they want, but they are still my age, they can't do anything about it. Another is in the future I probably won't even see these guys, so once I tell myself that, I start to feel better and I show them that I could care less to what they are saying. In other words, if you get advice that can do good for you, that's advice that can stick with you, that could be advice that makes you a path and leads you into the right direction. Lastly, if you have kids in the future you can can gather up everything that's been said to you, and you can save for later. My mom always used to tell me about her grandmother. Once upon a time, there was a civil war that broke out in the country of Generic_City, and my grandmother died and my mom's dad left earlier to the United States. In the end it was just my mom, her siblings, and her grandmother. My mom would always tell the story that one day during the war, there were soldiers walking around and they happen to stumble upon my mom's grandma's house. My great grandmother opened the door, looked at the soldiers, and told them to come in. My great grandmother got up got them a glass of water and got some food and told them stories, and even though they had guns right there in their hands, they finished their food and water got up and left. My family has always been a family who has lived by the bible, to my family that's the greatest advice you can get, even me, so because of that story my mom always told me she has put her life on the bible and now she's a pastor of Generic_City United Methodist Church. I know I'm talking about a lot of Christianity, but because of Christianity, her faith went up, and she used the advice she was given, from her grandmother and the bible, and passed it down onto us. What I'm saying here is, with all the advice that has been given to you, you can use that advice and pass it down to your kids if you have any, then they could pass it on to their kids and it could keep on going throughout the generations. Advice can really go a long way if you get advice that sticks with you your entire life. In conclusion, the fact how people told me advice really took me a long way, if I would've stuck the person who wasn't given any of this advice, my grades would suck real bad, I don't think I would even be I school right now, and I my life would've sucked, but just because I put my head up and listened to a lot of people, it made who I am today. I'm not saying go out and follow all of the advice you were given, I'm just saying consider it, if you think this is what you need, try get that piece of advice and keep it with you at all times. The advice I have been given is what I just explained, getting a different outlook in life, so that way I can trust people more, being able to get good advice and follow it to the point where I've accomplished what I need to, and lastly, take the advice I've been given and pass it on to everyone. Some of stuff in this prompt is really cheesy, but it's true. Advice can take you a long way.