The Electoral College is a process that the founding fathers founded. It is a compromise between the election of the president by a vote in congress and a polular vote of qualified citizens for the president, as stated in line 1.

The Electoral Cellege consists of 538 electors. To be elected president, 270 electoral votes is required. Each candidate running for president has their own group of electors. After the president is elected, your governor lists all the candidates and the names of their representive electors that ran for office.

The Certificate of Ascertainment declares the winning candidate from your state and shows which electors will be representing him or her at the December of the election year. All this information is sent to the Congress and National archieves as a part of official records.

Many times, people voting for a candidate get confused on who they are voting for, and often get confused. This is do the the electors being chosen by anyone. when selecting them, there are no set rules.

Many people do not agree with the Electoral college vote, as it says on line 11. The smaller states think they should have just as many votes as the bigger states, but that defeats the whole purpose of the Electoral Votes.

As it says on line 19, Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have Trans-Regional appeal. In other words, no region can single handedly put a president in office. There would need to be two thirds vote to win.

Our founding fathers feared democracy, and the is why they came up with this process. If we used democracy, only 51% of voters would be needed. But with Electoral Votes, it keeps little states from having too much power and say.

People think that their vote does not matter, because they are voting for the state, not the country. Many people think like this, and choose not to vote, but really every vote matters. People also tend to not vote because tey do not agree with the Electoral College, but why not try to make a difference and put the man you want in office in control?                    