Venus, otherwise known as the "Evening Star," is one of the more challenging planets to examine closely in our solar system. While this plant is often called Earth's twin, it is vastly different in terms of environment and hospitability. Despite being the closest planet to Earth at times, no spaceship has touched down on Venus in over thirty years. The dangers presented by Venus are many, but the author greatly supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite these dangers. The author supports this claim by stating that the insight to be gained is significant and by offering methods for obtaining these insights despite the danger that is readily appearant.

Venus is one of the most challenging planets to examine due to its very extreme environment. Paragraph 3 of the article is all about the extreme environment that Venus presents. Venus has temperatures over 800 degress Fahrenheit, an atmospheric pressure 90 times greater than that on Earth, erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and other obstacles that prove challenging for scientists to overcome. Additionally, Venus has clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere which prove to be challenging to scientists. These dangers may seem impossible to overcome, but scientists have been developing new methods to further their knowledge of Venus.

NASA is one organization that has been developing particularly interesting ideas about how to further study Venus. They are considering a blimp-like vehicle that would float above the suface of Venus to meet the challenges presented. This blimp would avoid the poor conditions of the Venusian landscape by floating some thirty miles above the surface. Conditions around the blimp would still be slightly hot, but the pressure and toxicity would be similar to that on Earth. These conditions are not ideal, but they would be sufficient enough to study Venus further. Another one of NASA's ideas is to use mechanical computers to study Venus. These mechanical computers do not require electronics, and they would be more resistant to the poor conditions of the surface. These new innovations in the study of Venus is what makes the dangers tolerable and the study worthy.

According to the article, astronomers are interested in Venus because it was likely the most Earth-like planet in the solar system at one point. Venus used to be covered in oceans and supported life. Additionally, Venus still has features that are similar to Earth's such as a rocky sediment with valleys, mountains, and craters. Insight into the Venusian landscape would further allow astronomers to determine how closely related Earth and Venus were. The author also states that humans should not be limited by their fear to go out and explore. In the final paragraph of the article, the author describes how human curiosity will lead humans into many intimidating expidentures. However, the author believes that travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited simply due to danger, and humans should travel as far as their innovation will take them.

The author of this article supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by stating the insight to be gained from further exploring Venus and by presenting new methods that are making new insights possible. The danger of Venus is extensive due to the high temperatures, extreme atmospheric pressure, and wild weather patterns. These obstacles are being dealt with though by new ideas from scientists at NASA. One big idea from NASA is the idea to use a blimp to observe Venus from above the surface. Another idea of theirs is to use materials that would be able to withstand the extreme conditions of the Venusian environment. All this is in the hopes that futher insight will be made on the planet that once was the most Earth-like planet in the solar system.