As a social species, humans interact and mingle with each other, such as when one needs advice for a choice, one brings the question to another. Seeking multiple people for opinions on a matter allow one to make a better choice. This "better choice," is achieved because one can absorb information coming from different people and therefore different viewpoints, one person could change the opinion of everyone else, and one can reach the decision of a choice by a majority of one's peers. These reasons why seeking multiple opinions are helpful are seen everywhere and have a major impact on the world. It has been seen when Europe found how to fight a disease, when one man switched the opinion of a jury, and how a democracy functions.

When asking others for their ideas and advice, one receives a myriad of varying, yet plausible answers. This is highly beneficial as one could hear advice that they would not have even thought of. Different answers derive from one's cultural background. One example would be medicine itself. In the 17th century, diseases ran rampant, especially smallpox, as there was no method of combating the virus. Europe had no cure for smallpox, and a large percent of Europe's population passed, as well as the American Indians later, who lost 50 to 90 percent of their population due to the disease. Many years of trying to find a cure for this disease failed, even when all of Europe was trying. However, a European came back from Asia (most likely China) with knowledge of inoculation. China and parts of Asia had suffered from the Bubonic Plague, and created inoculation, which today is known as vaccination. One received a small amount of the virus so one's immune system learned to fight it. This method of disease prevention was widely used in England, then in the rest of Europe. Because of the advice from another side of the world and the widespread use of this "new cure," smallpox and other viral infections were eradicated from Europe.

The idea of asking multiple people for advice is prevalent today, and can decide the fate of others. An example would be a jury. A jury listens to a court case and then decides whether one is guilty, or not guilty. Listening for others thoughts allow the possibility for one person to change the opinions of everyone else. This occurred in a court case of whether a boy killed his father or not. The defendant, the boy, had a new lawyer that was not experienced, and if he lost, he would be executed. When the jury voted, all but one person voted guilty. As people wondered why the man had voted not guilty, they were able to absorb his opinion on why he voted not guilty. The man had reason, and one by one everyone in the jury decided the boy was not guilty. If the men had not listened to the other opinion, the possibility of the boy being executed would be much higher, and the better choice would not have been reached.

Many countries around the world, such as the US, are a democracy. This means that the government is fueled by the opinions of the people, and value those thoughts. This version of government is functional as those countries are standing today. Hard decisions are reached by a majority of the opinions of the people, which allow the choice that the most people prefer. For the US, especially in the legislative part of government, this method of decision making has kept the US functioning for around 3 centuries. The better choice for a law, impeachment decision, or inauguration is found by a series of voting and opinions being used to help one make the better choice. More importantly, the advice of millions of people in the form of a vote decide the popular vote for the US's president. Even in small disputes or when in need of advice, gathering a group of people to put forth ideas gives one the opportunity to recognize a majority and pick that choice or piece of information.

When faced with a choice, it is better to listen to the opinions of others on the matter. This is as one can absorb knowledge from different viewpoints, one person could completely change the others' thoughts, and a majority vote could provide the decision that one needed. Past events that impact the whole world occur because the person that brings the change strove for these reasons why seeking multiple opinions allows for a better, more beneficial decision. 