On May 24, 2001, NASA found something funny on Mars. The Viking 1 spacecraft was taking photos of possible landings sites for Viking 2. During that time, it spotted something that appeared to be an enormous head. It looked like an Egyptian pharoah, but turned out to be a regular, old mesa. It is still debated whether it was created by ancient Martian life, or whether is was just another regular landform on Mars.

My fellow co-workers and I thought this was incredible. We had just found something that could have proven ancient life on Mars. It turned out that it wasn't. Later, we figured out that it was another regular Martian mesa. We were so excited when we thought we had just found proof of earlier life on Mars. We thought we had just made one of the greatest scientific discoveries there has ever been. We were joyful when we saw the Face. We thought we found proof of ancient alien life without even looking for it.

Some people think that the mesa was actually created by aliens. In paragraph 5, it says that people thought NASA was just trying to hide all of the information. To be honest, we were hoping it was proof of alien life. We wanted to find proof of alien life. Why would we hide that information? That just doesn't make any sense whatsoever.

The Face is just a landform. In paragraph 2, it says that Marian mesas were common in the area the Face was in, Cydonia. Also, the shadows were the only things that made the Martian mesa look like an Egyptian Pharaoh. All that says is that a landform could be lucky and have some features that amde it resemble someone. Plus, how would Martians know what a Pharaoh looks like? They would be from Mars and not Earth. They most likely don't know anyone that even looks like an Egyptian Pharaoh.

In conclusion, the face is just a natural landform. It may look like a head, but that is just because of the unusual shadows that the mesa has. If my co-workers and I thought this was actually proof of alien life, why would we hide it from you? What is the point in hiding that kind of information? I'll leave you to decide that.   