State senator,

Unfortunately we may not always please everyones needs because that is impossible, but it is a smart decision to maintain the U.S. president election style. Electoral College is not as time consuming as a popular vote, most of the time the outcome of the electoral vote is certain.

Keeping the Electoral College in order to elect our president every 4 years is certainly the best idea. You see an electoral vote is technically a voice for the people of the state depending on the population of the state. Many states are large in size meaning that opinions, beliefs, and needs are not all the same. That's where the Electoral College comes in, they voice the votes. Majority rules most of the time, now it may not be what some people want but if it is what most want then I believe its fair.

Only the 2000 election was disputed over. Al Gore had more popular votes than Bush yet Bush was elected to presidency because of the Electoral College. Even though this election was disputed it has only been one out of 50 elections. If our presidents were picked directly by the people (popular vote) there would be a dispute because of needs and what the people want. Not only that but peoples favoritism would show. Even though the Electoral College vote depends upon many peoples vote towards one president it is smarter.

Last but not least elections as it is already are time consuming, can you imagine if instead of looking at those "4" electoral votes we had to look at each persons vote per state. Instead of knowing within a year or a couple months we'd know by the time the presidents term is up. Americans don't have the patience to wait all that time, "Time equals money." Electoral votes are much quicker and the certainty of the outcome of what you as a civilian want living in a certain state is very likely.

Therefore Electoral College should be kept instead of Popular vote, because it is time consuming, it is good for big states, and it is less likely of a dispute. Even though this method is not liked by all it is the smartest and most efficient.    