Think back to the last time you attended school and how tedious it was progressing through each day. Chances are you quickly grew tired of the monotonous cycle every week, and would prefer to have an easier and more efficient way to learn. Luckily, students have no need to worry over this with the recent introduction of a new learning method, and that is through online or video conferencing. This outstanding idea has allowed an immense amount of people to learn even though the numerous amount of obstacles facing their way, be it poor health or even just being away from school for a definite period of time. With this new way of processing the knowledge one would normally learn in a school environment, it has proved itself to be a great alternative to the normal learning process. This is why I conclude that students do indeed benefit from attending classes at home, since it allows for an efficient and easy method of learning the courses one would normally obtain all the while being in the comfort of a distant area such as their own home.

School is indeed an essential part in the development of one's mind and future. However, it's not the perfect solution for everybody, as some people produce a higher performance rate when it comes to learning at home through digital methods. A common reason would be the people who aren't as socially adept in comparison to the others, and encounter some difficulties learning in such a public area filled with a large amount of people. They would usually work better in a more secluded workplace such as their home. I can personally attest to this myself, as I've occasionally resorted to partaking in online conferences, as on occasions, I would have difficulty learning in an area with people I lacked the determination to interact with. This doesn't just only include social aspects though, as even people with poor health, like the common cold or even more detrimental illnesses, will find it very beneficial to learn through virtual means. Having the ability to partake in classes and obtaining the same knowledge as your peers while being in a different area as them, makes you feel like the illness never was there in the first place at all. This allows the users to learn at the same, or sometimes even faster pace than regular students in schools.

Online learning can also help people who just need to complete work that they would've have missed due to personal reasons, such as a family trip to another state. Normally, when they return back to school, the students would encounter a myriad of incomplete work that had accumulated over their course of inactivity. The pile of work would be required to be completed if they wanted to maintain their grades all the while having to simultaneously obtain the current information and tasks the teacher was distributing to the rest of their peers during that time. As you can see, this can prove to be physically and mentally taxing for one's mind. With the introduction of online learning, it allows for the students to be able to accomplish their work virtually, which allows them to keep up with their peers and have a smooth transition back into their school without the hassle of what I stated previously.

Although there are numerous benefits to learning digitally, some people are still doubting online education, One prominent reason why some people would still have some doubts, would be that not learning in a regular school environment isn't quite as beneficial or effective in contrast to the average student learning in the school area itself. However, this is quite the opposite, as virtual education provides many benefits that even normal schools would most likely be not able to help. For starters, online courses allow for better understanding between one another, as methods such as video conferencing eliminates the background noises that makes it difficult to for the student to converse with the teacher and vice versa. If video conferencing isn't a preferred method of interaction, one can simply just type out their responses and inquiries they may have to the teacher, which makes it an efficient and clear way of understanding what they're trying to say.

Furthering explaining on why the concept of online learning is actually beneficial and effective on the student, understanding something in school varies and depends on what kind of teacher they have, and their method of instructing. On the other hand however, online courses are usually uniform with how they teach people, as they have clear and typed wording while also providing the users other forms of information sources to further develop their knowledge of the subject. This makes it easier for the viewers to follow and have a deeper understanding of the given concept, as they can simply backtrack onto the previous sections of the course without requiring the hassle of requesting the teacher to explain a concept again verbally, which often promotes tedious work ethics with teachers having to explain or rephrase the idea repeatedly until the class understands the idea before moving on.

Online education, although fairly recent, will bring forth a new wave of educational tactics and support for the students that will surely provide an immense amount of education support to multiple generations. Even through a myriad of obstacles, like their health or simply just finishing missed work, virtual courses will greatly help a wide pool of people with different types of problems to accomplish whatever they're trying to do with great success. Although there are still some who doubt the benefits the online courses provide to the users, I firmly believe that they will gradually realize how this will actually promote a clear and effective workplace. Looking back at how much society has grown to utilize the online classes, I can only wonder, how many lives had changed for the better? Would they've been as successful had it not been for the online classes they took?