Dear Florida State Senator,

It has been brought to my attention as to which method of voting shall be used in future elections. As of now we use the Electoral Colllege method, but looking back through previous years there is evidence this method has caused some dispute. Due to these problems I suggest using the popular voting method. The popular voting method is not only a direct vote for the desired candidate of the people's choice, but this method is also less complicated, leaving less room for many problems.

Initially the Electoral College voting method sounded like a great idea but over recent study some people are beginning to become more fond of the popular voting method. The popular voting method is directly controlled by the people and their vote is sent directly to their desired candidate. On the other side, by using the electoral college method voters vote for a select member of the state's electoral college votes and that member is  elgible to vote for any presidential candidate of their choice. According to the article "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five Reasons to keep our Despised Method of Choosing the President" by Richard A. Posner, " when you vote for a presidential candidate you are actually voting for a slate of electors." Further evidence from this article (quote on quote) claims there is a " lack of democratic pedigree." Electoral voting also only benefits the larger states because of there is a  larger amount of members of the electoral college for the  larger states. Popular voting provides a more direct way for votes from the people to reach their desired candidate as opposed to someone who may not vote for a candidate of their choice.

In addition to many down sides of the electoral college voting method, there have been incidents in the past while using this method of voting. For example, evidence in the article " The Indefensible Electoral College: why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer, in 1960  there was an indicident pertaining to the election of John F. Kennedy. In his case, segregationists from Louisiana were planning to (and just about succeeded) in replacing the Democratic electors with electors to whom opposed JFK.  This article also brings up another problem with the elctoral college votes in the year of 2000 listing it as the "2000 fiasco" and "biggest crisis of the century." While the electoral college holds many faults I'm sure in the past there have also been  pop-ups of downsides to the popular voting method also. Through reading a select amount of articles I have picked up more recent and destructive faults within the electoral college voting method.

In conclusion, the popular voting method should be applied as the designated process of electing the United States President because it guarantees a direct vote towards a desired candidate of your choice. As our country is listed as a democracy, the votes towards the President should lie in the hands of the people. The electoral college is prone to many more problems and is a more complex method of voting. With votes in the hands of the people, voters can get a full " hands on" voting experience. As to not repeat myself, in this way voters can really understand the voting system and get the idea in their head their vote is going towards their chosen candidate. Popular voting has not only been proven to be the more preferred method of voting, but in my opinion, shall be the established method of voting to use in the future elections.            