Hello my name is Mr. Baker with NASA, and we are discussing the landform that looks like a face on mars.

This is a landform not an alien marking.

There are known to be little life of aliens.

In fact this landform looks a lot similiar to a natural landmark in Idaho.

But over the last eighteen years scientists at NASA has been studying this landmark for all of this time.

There is no more evidence that it was an alien.

Because there is not a body for this creature unless the planet covered it up and made the body into ashes.

This landform is very unique.

It looks like a face but over the years the picture does not look the same.

Perhaps it was a alien or something extraordinary.

But over the caorse of time the landmark has built up to look like a face.

The pictures from 1998 look way different because of the technology of then and now.

If you look real closely to the pictures you can tell that over the time period that the landform turned from a bunch of scattered dust into a pile that looks like a face, but it is actually not.

Reaserchers say this could be an alien, but I belive not because not one person has found an alien that was alive.

Aliens have been a myth for quite some time now and no one has really ever seen one.

Mars is a landform that is made up of a bunch of different materials and minerals.

Over time there could have been some solar wind and some of the landform blew away and made it look like a face.

From what the photos show people is a face that looks like a human or some kind of life form, and in 1998 the photo shows that it looks like an egyptian pharaoh.

But over time the land mass has changed so if we waited even longer it will change over time.

And over the coarse of another decade or so it will be changed.

Or if the land mass was touched it might break up the loose materials and the landform will be different.

So at the NASA corperation they study the material and the evidence real close.

It might be proven to be a land mass or another source of life somewhere else.

But for all we know right now it is a landmark until someone has proof it is wrong information. So NASA will keep studying the information they have.

Also NASA is trying to develop more information about this landmark. But until then this is known to be a landmark.

So until then this meeting is pronounced over.