Students may view school as an obligation, wishing that they could just stay home all day and relax. At first, the introduction of allowing students to learn through a computer screen in the comfort of their own home may seem like an excellent idea, however, after a while students may begin to feel lonely and as if they are not benefiting much from it. I think that students would not benefit from an at home learning system due to the fact that a face to face learning experience is much more efficient than one behind a screen.

There are lots of students that are home schooled, which does not allow them to have a real school like experience. For most of society, having the school experience taught them things, such as work ethic, time management, how to deal with people, and much more. If a student does online schooling through video calls and conferences, they are just like home schooled students, meaning they will not receive the benefit of having a school experience. For some, the school experience may not have been as pleasing as it was for others, but everyone has gone to a physical school got to make mistakes, learn from them, and apply it to their life later on. If a student goes to school through an online program, they will have not gotten to learn from the experience of being in a physical school, which could cause them incredible difficulties later on, such as the social aspect of life.

A big part of society is social interaction. It has been proved that humans need social interaction to live happily, and if they don't get that, it can have some very bad consequences. For some criminals, the government will put them into isolation as a form of punishment, meaning no interaction with other humans for a period of time. This is a form of punishment due to the fact that humans need the social aspect of life in order to mentally survive. Even though classes through video calls and conferences is nowhere near as bad as isolation is, they may not have many friends outside of their school unless it is because of a sports team or a community project they are involved in. Students who participate in public school are constantly interacting with their peers and teachers, asking questions, talking to friends in the hallways, and so much more. It is through school that so many students have formed close and solid friend groups, who go and hangout on a Friday or Saturday night. Those who do school online find it much harder to make close friends, and this is due to the fact that they are not around their peers all the time, which makes them have to put in a lot more work to find friends to hangout with. Those who are able to form close social bonds with people through school is a reason why students benefit much more by physically going to school rather than an online video call or conference.

Another reason as to why physically attending school is significantly more beneficial than doing classes online is because of the interactive and hands on experience students receive. In classrooms, students get the chance to learn through interaction by participating in labs, presentations, class discussions, and many other interactive experiences. Students can use presentations and class discussions to bounce ideas off of each other, and if a student has a question after a lesson, they do not have to email or call the teacher back, they can simply go up and ask to get the information they need right away. There are lots of students who state that they learn better through visuals and hands on experiences. Those who take classes at home do not have the opportunity to have a real hands on learning experience, which for some could alter how much material their brain actually grasps on to. Students would not be able to physically pick apart the subject they are learning, especially in science areas, which could lead them to not obtain as much information as they could have with an interactive experience.

Having a physical in class learning experience is much more beneficial than one over the internet due to the school experience students receive, the social interaction, and the hands on learning they get to experience. However, even though there is much evidence to backup why going to a classroom to learn is better, it can be stated that learning online through video calls is the way to go. If students have anxiety or are constantly stressed out, learning online may be a much more relaxing way to gain material. Since there is so much more reasoning as to why a physical learning system is so much better than an online one, all evidence gathered to support this overpowers any evidence to support doing classes online. Because of the evidence and reasoning presented, having a physical learning experience is incredibly more beneficial having a learning system online. 