Texting and Driving

Thousands of people die every year from people driving and texting. Texting and driving should be banned because it puts other people's lives in danger.

If a person crashes his or her car while driving, insurance on their vehicle could go up. A car crash can also kill loved ones, people riding with the intention of getting to point A to point B can be dismissed because of a car accident and a careless driver.

The main reason why why people text while driving is because they are really addicted to their cellular devices. Careless drivers should not be allowed on the streets because it is very risky to other drivers out there. In a car crash, the person getting hit can be seriously injured or even worse, that person could lose their legs or die. The driver that was distracted by texting can also put his or her passengers lives at risk. Somebody inside the car could fly out the windshield as soon as the car hits, worse scenario is that there is a probability that the vehicle can catch on fire while the passengers and the driver are inside the vehicle.

In a vehicle, insurance can be expensive or cheap, but it depends on what kind of insurance the vehicle has. Full coverage is the best one, it can back up anybody that gets in a car accident. The liability insurance is good too, but it does not cover that much if a person gets involved in a car accident. So, going with full coverage should be the best choice. Insurance insures your vehicle, driving without insurance is illegal. If a person gets into a car accident, insurance is there to help but if a person was too busy distracted on their phone, the insurance payment will go up. A driver that gets him or herself into an accident and they were very distracted on their phone, there could be some bad consequences.

Getting into an accident can cause serious problems to the vehicle getting hit. The vehicle can be totaled which means that the vehicle can no longer be driven. If the driver goes too fast and he or she has their family aboard, they could be seriously injured if they crash. Losing someone you love in a car accident can be devastating. Most people don't get to sleep right knowing that they killed someone they loved in a car accident due to a distraction on their phone. Some people don't even drive anymore knowing what they did to a loved one. Losing a family member in a car accident is very sad, and very disappointing to the driver.

Texting while driving is very dangerous. It could put the driver's life at risk but when there is an emergency, the driver should be able to attend that emergency but a safe and lawful way. Let's say, that a family member is very sick and he or she doesn't have a vehicle to drive itself to a hospital and the only way to take that person to a hospital is by calling someone for help. If that person doesn't pick up the phone, the other person that's sick could die. Many would say that this is a reasonable excuse but risking the life of an innocent drier is not acceptable.

Therefore, texting and riving should be illegal because insurance rates raise in price, it is against moral conduct, and it is the reason many people die. Distracted driving could be the cause of many fatalities but placing the phone down while driving could save millions. You would not want to live with the death of someone on your shoulders.    