DEAR:

STATE SENATOR

I believe that the

Electoral College is a good thing. The way that the world has created it now is simply significant. It is like the last ray of sunshine in an empty tunnel. Don't try to get into what the others say about the way that the president should be elected. We are building the future, rock by rock, well we just picked up a brick.

The

Electoral College is not a place( even though it has "college", in it's name), it is a  process as stated in the 1st source . "WHAT IS THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE"?

"The

Electoral College is a process, not a place .

The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a  compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and the election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens". As you can see, there is no reason to change it so that the president gets his votes by poularity. It might have been good as a teenager but just remember that this is not your Highschool "PROM", you dont just win by fame. Being the president is hard work. If you wish to be president, dont jog for it, run for it.

Now future presidents out there just remember that you will required to have a canidate as stated in source 2 . "THE INDENSIBLE ELECTORAL COLLEGE:WHY EVEN THE BEST-LAID DEFENSES OF THE SYSTEM ARE WRONG"

? "The electoral college requires a preisdental candidt to have trns-region appeal. No region(South, Northeast,etc.)has enough electoral votes to elect a president. So a solid regional favorite, such as Romeney was in the South, has no incentive to campain heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his pluality in states that he knows he will win. This is a desirable result becaus a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president". This shows that in order to be an amazing president you need a canidate.

I am in keeping things the way that we have it now. IT is like  why find a needle in a haystack, whe you could buy one and not go through all off that pain.

So just do not waste your own time on something that do not need to be done. It like why buy a lighter, when you have a perfectly well conditioned box of matches in your house. So dont go 18 century go 21 century.

SINCERILY

PROPER_NAME 