"The Electoral College is a process not a place." The Electoral college has 538 electors. Two-hundred and seventy electoral votes is established to elect the president of the United States.

Every single candidate running for President in the state that you live in has his or her own group of electors. Usually, the electors are chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what is their jobs and their responsibilities are in that spot. The presidential election is held every four years on the 2nd Tuesday after the first Monday in November. Generally, a lot, or most states have the "winner-takes-all" system tattooed in their minds that all electors to the winning presidential candidate.

After the presidential election, the governor of the state that you live in prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment." That makes a list of all the candidates that ran for president in your state along with the names of their electors. It also shows the winning presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors in December of the election of the year.

To commence, some presidents don't like or believe in the electoral college, these include Richard Nixon, and Jimmy Carter. According to the Gallup poll in 2000, taken right after Al Gore, thanks to the problems of the electoral college, won the popular vote but, unfortunately lost the presidency. Over 60 percent would like a more direct vote then have this system in which we have now, and this year's presidetnial election could even have the same upset, someone winning the popular vote but falling short for presidency. the single best argument against the electoral college would be what we call the disaster factor . Back in the 1900's, 1960 to be exact segregationists in the Louisiana legislature almost won in the fight to replace the Democratic electors with new electors who would not like, even oppose John F. Kennedy.

At any rate, most people say that the Electoral College is tuned as an anachronism, a person or a thing that seems to belong in the past and not fit in the present. The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance nthat large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportion of the Senate decreed in the Constitution. The popular vote was very close in Florida (in 2012); nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes. A win by the same margin in Wyoming would get the the winner only 3 electoral votes.

As a conclusion a larger state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does, also that the electoral college could have some ups and some downs but facts are that the government are not going to get rid or abolish the Electoral College any time soon.                                                                                                    