Dear Senator,

I am truely appreciative of what you have done for my state, our city, and to help the country in so many ways that can not be explained. But never the less i think that the Electoral College should stay where it is today because it's a fair system in which everybody has a reasonable vote. In ways the Electoral College does help in some ways by avoiding the difficulties and problems of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. For example, "Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College (301 and 370 electoral votes, respectively)." According to section (22). But what the real question is here Mr. Senator is what is the Electoral College? It's the process by which the compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. You probably knew that already though.

The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. In which a majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. In other opinions around the world the Electoral Colege is widely regarded as an "anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner." According to section (15). Even if the Electoral Colege went away what would the government use as an effect to insinuate a new reaveling method on choosing the president? Also the Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. But don't get me wrong the Electoral College has a lot of diffirences as well.

I have to admit myself that the Electoral College  is unfair to some potenial voters as well. According to section (11) " The Electoral College was the single best argument because of the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse. Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." Not to mention that the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. And that the best arguments in favor of it are mostly asertions without much basis in reality. "The arguments against direct elections are spurious at best." So you see It's not like it is perfect in every way. It just has it's problems that's all.

Mr. Senator i hope you take this letter as a sign as respect from your fellow citizens and as another sign of equality and all i'm saying is that it should stay. Yes it has it's differences, so what nothing is perfect in the world but if treat it as a perfect thing then you will make it perfect.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME    