Technology has become almost fully integrated into today's society. Computers, smart phones, and more are used in a positive aspect; the driverless car is no exception. The development of driverless cars is a positive and necessary one, one that will help improve society significantly.

One of the most important features of driving is safety, and the driverless car has been safe. Google's cars that can drive independently under specific conditions have "driven more than half a million miles without a crash." The driverless car has not been fully developed, yet already Google's cars have successfully driven over a long distance without any accidents. Technology is constantly improving, and so will safety. Google's cars have position-estimating sensors, automative radar sensors, and even a rotation sensor on the roof. As these senors are improving, it is also making "driving safer and also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own." Once the driverless car is completed, it should have the sensors and technology to keep drivers safe, more than the ability of an actual human drivers to keep themselves safe. The advanced technology is not only a dream, but is slowly becoming a reality. Sebastian Thrun, founder of the Google Car project, "believes that the technology has finally begun to catch up to the dream." The driverless car is a ensured success, and with the development of the driverless car, comes the ensured safety of the driver.

Not only would the driverless car be safe, but it would also be efficient. Google cofounder Sergey Brin envisions a future with these efficient cars. Brin says that the cars, "would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus." The driverless car can be made into an efficient car, saving fuel and allowing for more flexibility than other mediums of public transportation. The cars would be able to take one anywhere while having a better environmental impact. The development of these driverless cars would "fundamentally change the world" for the better.

Lastly, the driverless car would be able to provide safety as well as entertainment. Currently, cell phones and almost everything is a distraction and hazard to the human driver. But with the driverless car, the driver is able to maintain his own safety and entertain himself. Some manufactures are going to bring "in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. Such displays can be turned off instantly when the drivers need to take over." The driver can now safely entertan himself and know he will be safe. The technology is able to instantly alert the driver, keeping him from coming into harm's way. The driver has luxury, comfort, and safety with the development of the driverless car, something not available to the current driver.

The driverless car has too many positives, and should most certainly be developed. The development of the car would bring about greater safety, efficiency, and entertainment to every driver. The potential of technology is limitless, and the driverless car should be used to further enhance and accomodate the experience of every driver around the globe.      