We should keep the Electoral College for the voting of the United States. One good reason is they know for sure who is going to the president of the United States because of the way the Electoral College is. This voting process helps avoid a lot of bad things too. There are so many good reasons why we should keep this form of voting.

Avoiding Run-Off Elections is one good reason why we should keep the Electoral College according to "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President." It states that, "The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes." This is good because they keep one of the presidents that got the majority of the votes to win automatically,instead they have to do some math to see who the winner is." In the first writing "What Is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register. This writing says that "Most states have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate." This is basically saying that everyone gets to go the presidential election.

Some more key points are some more notes in the first and last writing. In the writing "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President." and it states, "The Electotoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution..." This is saying that go by a different rule of voting because of the population being than other states. Another good point is in the first paragraph again and it says "The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November." This is good that you have a schedual for for the next voting this gives us enough time to vote, it also gives the time to see if the president is good or not.

There is some downsides to this little thing you have going on here though. That is in the second paragraph and it really gets my attention, "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for the slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." With this in mind it is telling us the people that we are not voting for the president at all that is what most people believe that they are doing so you are kind of lying to some of them.

To wrap things up I am telling you that your Electoral College system is great in most ways. You should try and change some of those things that are bad about it though. Not just the one I talked about but more that others talk about and doing this can you and all that work with ten times better than you were before.

Thank you for your time to read this,

Sencerily a citizen             