Cars are a normal form of transportation some might say, but in Vauban, Germany there is a car free town. "Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this new experimental district on the outskirts of Freiburg, near the French and Swiss borders". Says paragraph two in the article "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars", some people may find this scenrio strange but its actually becoming more common. Many countries all over the world are starting making either a "car free day" or on certain days, making people pay fines for driving.

First, an example of a "car free day"  is in Paris, France. This city has typically more smog than other European capitals. "Last week Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London, Reuters found". After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear air pollution of the global city". Monday motorists with even number license plates were ordered to leave their car at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31)". The same would apply to odd number plates the following day". The congestion went down sixty percent in the Capital of France, the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd numbered plates on Tuesday.

Secondly, another example of a car free day is in Bogota, Colombia. "Millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work on car-free day". This day in Bogota has been celebrated for three years straight now, "where cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of seven million". The goal of this day is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Even when it rains on car free day in Bogota this doesn't stop people from participating," says Bogota Mayor Antanas Mockus. A businessman says "it's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."

In conclusion, countries all over the world are trying to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and smog. Paraguay, France, Colombia, and even America is trying to get people to use different types of transportation and reduce smog. So citizens all over the world should just for one day not use a car. One person can start a revolution for their community, city, or state. If everyone all over the world could do this we would reduce tons of greenhouse gases amd smog. We can make earth a better place and more healthy enviroment.                                            