Have you ever woken up in the morning and wished you could just stay in bed? Many students probably experience this on a daily basis. Luckily, with the advent of computers and the internet, you may not need to leave bed to go to school at all. Many schools already use computers to allow students to work on and turn in assignments online. However, some schools now allow their students to attend their classes online as well. The benefits of this option are significant and numerous. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they could attend classes under conditions that would normally prevent them from doing so, learn in a more comfortable environment, and reap the benefits of a more logistically efficient system.

Firstly, the option of online classes would allow students to attend classes despite conditions that would normally prevent them from doing so. For example, during winter, schools across the nation often close because of hazardous weather conditions that make it too dangerous to travel to school. However, with online classes, students could simply be instructed online, avoiding many missed days of valuable learning. This system would also take pressure off of school systems to keep schools open on days with questionably dangerous weather. Without worrying about missing yet another day of classes, schools could make the safe choice and close on more of these days. Additionally, it is common for students to stay home a few days when sick so that they can recover and avoid infecting their classmates. However, it is often the case that despite the risk of infecting classmates, students are still well enough to participate in class, but are unable to do so. With the option of online classes, these students could still participate without risking infection. A present day example of the possible utility of online classes is the Coronavirus outbreak. Many school systems worldwide have already shut down as a result of the virus. With online classes, these school systems could continue to instruct their students while also decreasing the risk of Coronavirus spreading. Overall, there are many situations in which online classes allow instruction to continue when not normally possible through traditional methods.

Another reason that students would benefit from online classes is that home can be a better learning environment than school. In general, home is more comfortable than school for many kids. The ready access to food and a bathroom, as well as an environment that one is familiar with, means that many students would be more relaxed learning from home. With a lower stress level, students would likely be more productive and engaged in their classes. Additionally, some students can get stressed out over the classroom environment. Personally, I know that I have felt anxious in situations when I didn't know the answer to a question I was asked or when I had to read aloud. For me, and for many other students, attending classes from home would help to alleviate some of that stress and anxiety. Some may argue that taking classes from home would reduce students' level of focus. However, students already have to focus at home for homework. By having kids focus on a class at home, it would actually help reinforce their ability to focus and be disciplined in an environment in which they could be easily distracted, which is a useful life skill. Overall, in the more relaxed environment of home, students could be much more productive and successful in their classes than if they attended in person.

One more significant reason for providing the option of online classes is that they are much more logistically efficient than classes taught in person. Firstly, there is no travel time from home to the school. Additionally, transition time in between classes and time for lunch could be saved as well. This saved time could be put to various good uses. Classes could be lengthened, or another class could be added to students' schedules. Students could also get more sleep in the morning; many teenagers are chronically sleep deprived, so this would be a massive benefit. Students could also use the extra time to get a job. One argument against online classes is that they would stop kids from learning to interact in person. However, the time saved through online classes would actually allow students to spend more time out with friends, which would teach them to get along with other people well. Another benefit is that students could attend distant schools that would not be practical to attend in person. Besides the saved travel time, switching to more online classes would eliminate a great deal of paper waste, as many more assignments and materials would probably be online. This would benefit the environment, and it would keep students from having to keep track of both physical and digital assignments and documents. Finally, school systems could save money on a great deal of physical infrastructure, such as school buildings, classroom materials, and buses. The funds saved could be redirected towards giving students computers, paying teachers more, or investing in better learning resources. Overall, the saved time and money from switching to more online classes would significantly benefit students and teachers.

As technology advances, the classroom should advance as well. By embracing the opportunities created by technology, students can learn in ways never before possible and receive a higher quality education. Through more efficient use of time made possible by technology, students can spend more time having fun or earning money while still learning just as much. The online learning environment can make it easier for some students to get engaged in classes. The money saved because of online classes can be reallocated to improving students' education. These great benefits, among many others, demonstrate why online classes should be an option for every student.