I personally think that when you need advice you should ask more than two of your close friends, i say this because not all friends give good advice and by asking a friend that doesnt give good advice you put yourself at risk of them giving you bad advice and it steers you into the wrong direction. This happened to me and it put me into a situation i didn't want to be in. It all started when i asked one of my closest friends to help me out with a situation i was in with my best friend at the time, my best friend was mad at me for some unknown reason and i had no clue what to do she never responded to my texts and she wouldn't talk to me when i saw her in person. I was really worried considering she was my best friend and she meant everything to me. when i asked my close friend what to do she told me to just to ignore the problem until my best friend got over it, and i for some dumb reason listened to her. After a while my best friend got even more upset that i wasnt trying to resolve the situation and she called me and said that she never wants to be friends with me again, and that really hurt my feeling. But i couldn't help but think if i asked 2 more of my close friends i wouldn't have been in that situation and they would have told me to talk it over with my then best friend.

The second reason people should ask more than one friend is not all of your so called "friends" wants whats best for you. I learned that when my close friend gave me the awful advice of ignoring a problem with my best friend until it "went" away, i later learned she told me to do that because she was jealous of the relationship i had with my best friend at the time. so she purposely gave me bad advice so she could have me all to herself, and thats when i realized not all "friends" have your back. so thats why you have to make sure your asking a true friend for advice.

That leads into my next point that you should make sure your asking true friend that you know you can count on when you want advice. This has to be someone that you trust and you know only wants the best for you, because if you dont take a step back and dont see those qualities in your "friend" you shouldnt be going to that person for advice, and if you dont't realize at the time that that person dosn't want the best for you, you have your other people to aske for advice. This brings be back to the prompt on my you should seek multiple opinions when needing advice. In my i said why youshould seek/ask multiple people for advice when needed.