Exploring Venus

Venus is the closest planet to us in our solar system, which means we should explore it. At least, that is what the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" believes. However, he does not support this claim very well as he gives only one vague reason to explore it, he names several dangers and obstacles of exploring it, and provides very few actual solutions.

First of all, he does a good job of naming the several dangers and obstacles of exploring Venus such as the extreme atmosphiric pressure. The main problem though, is the temperature wich as the author states, "average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit," (Paragraph 3). This poses a problem as most metals and other materials melt at such high temperatures. However, the author fails to give very many solutions to these issues.

The author only provides two solutions to the numerous problems that he previously stated. Those solutions were to stay above the atmosphere where it is not as hot, and to create mechanical computers that were more reinforced. These solutions would be all well and good had he not brought up a problem with the first in which he states "peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only little insight on ground conditions" (Paragraph 6) thus, it is not a true solution to the problem at hand. But maybe there is good reasons to keep trying to come up with new ways to explore Venus.

Sadly, the author only provides one vague reason for which scientists should still try to come up with new ways to explore Venus. This reason of his is,"It may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system" (Paragraph 4). The problem with this is that it does not go very deep into why it being similar to Earth matters. A scientist at NASA might understand any signifigance in that statement, but an average person might not. For that reason it is a very weak argument.

In short, The author does not support his idea for exploring Venus very well because he only gives one vague reason to explore it and he names several dangers and obstacles of exploring it while providing very few actual solutions. Had he named more solutions and reasons to explore Venus it would have supported his idea far more. He named too many dangers without ways to properly combat them, which is why the author's support for his claim was weak.