Dear Senator,

I think we should keep the Electoral College because it gives the people opportunities to vote for electors and presidents. If we vote for popular votes then that doesnt mean people truly know what president they want to run their country. When we vote we are actually choosing our electors when we vote for president because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors. Some people think that the Electoral College was unfair back-then but what about now. Over seventeen sates did not see the candidates at all,Including Rhode Island and South Carolina. When you vote for a presidental candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors. There are five reasons for retaining the Electoral College. One reason is certainty of outcome,Two Everyone's President, Three Swing States, Four Big States, and yet but not least Five Avoid Run-Off Elections. These are all practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons. It is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. The Electoral College requires a presidental candidate to have trans-regional appeal. Voters are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average and for the further reason that they will have received the most information and attention from the candidates, and the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election. Now in my case that is wrong because wether you vote or not everyone person should have the right to see what the president is doing to their country. So, other things being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidental candidates in a campaign than a small state does. There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidental election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner. It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state-democrats in Texas, for example,or Republicans in California. Each party selects a slate os electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee and that trust is rarely betrayed. The Electoral College is widely regarded as an person or thing in the past that cannot fit in the present. A non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner.                                                                                                                            