Driverless cars would be good in the future because nobody would have to spend money on cars when they can actually buy other thing that they need. The driverless cars would use half fuel today's taxis need. Which is going to make people save money. The driverless car would offer far more flexibility than a bus. The driverless cars could change the world in a positive way.

Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Their cars have driven more than half million miles without crashing. People would be so curious about the cars that they would love to try them. People is getting to discover more and more technology which is fascinating stuff and a driverless car would be a surprise for them and they would like to know about it. A driverless car is something that television and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves.

A driverless car could be a benefit for a lot of people. People been trying to make a driverless car since the 1950's. They couldn't developed because it was just too expensive. Now that the world have advance a lot in technology is the time to start making new stuff in the world. If a company would dare to do this is going to change the history of the world and it would be in history forever.

Sebastian Thrun, founder of the Google Car Project, believes that the technology has finally begun to catch up to the dream. There was no way that they could make a car like this before 2000 because they didn't have all the technology that we have today. The radar it was just too expensive.

The radar cost it was two hundred million dollars. If the companies now have all this technology around them why not make the driverless car.

In a conclusion, the driverless car is something that a lot of people wants to see in the future. It would make the people life easier. The driverless car would make history. The driverless car would amaze people everywhere. If it happens is going to be history.             