It is the last day of school, the only thing on your mind is your exciting vacation and the warm weather, the only time that you are free from teachers telling you to what to do and when to do it. When all of a sudden your teacher says that you have a long and tedious project that is due at the end of summer. As a response to this, I argue that students should be the ones designing these projects, in order to increase specific skills, bolster creativity, and gain experience designing the project.

Throughout the school year, projects that are assigned by teachers don't capture student's true capabilities and skills. However, if students designed their own projects, they could finally display their strengths, which would lead to an increase in motivation for perfecting the project. Furthermore, students have responsibilities and activities during the summer that may cause a low quality project to emerge if they don't have much motivation. For example, students who compete in the school science fair do very well because designing your own project increases motivation for yielding a higher quality project.

I once heard, "necessity is the mother of invention." This quote is indicating that when their is high demand for something, or if someone is wondering how or why something works, new inventions and innovations are made. When considering projects, the same rule applies; questioning what you are interested in yields innovation that have built this country since day one. For example, Bill Gates wouldn't have founded Microsoft is he didn't research and look into what he was interested in. This proves that when students create their own projects based on questioning and logic, their is a greater chance for success.

During the school year, everything is designed by teachers: tests, projects and homework. In response to this, I raise an important question, how do you expect us to be the next generation of well rounded and intelligent people, when we have been told what to do and when to do it since day one? The only way to give students this freedom of choosing how to design the project without disrupting normal school schedule, is to assign it in the summer. Not only does this bolster self thinking and creativity, but also it utilizes the summer months, a long period of time, to think about and develop this project.

In response to the question of giving students the right to design their own projects, I argue that in order to increase specific skills, bolster creativity, and gain experience, the best choice is to give students this ability to design their own projects. In general, these skills will help students prepare for adult life, where they will need the specific skills that are full filed through this project.