Dear state senator,

I trying to understand why we have the system of choosing our state's electors when you vote for president beacuse when you vote for your candidant you are actualy voting for your candidante's electors. This process is easier for most individuals beacause you do not have to sit in a room, for hours, counting up millions of votes; all you have to do is count up the elector's votes in stead. This process is what our founding fathers established in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. How can you be a qualified citizen, arent we all the same? I know that the electoral college consists of 538 electors and a majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. So, another thing that I would like to know is do you believe that this process that has been going on for ages is still a acturate system.

Does voting for people to vote for the president of your choice is a great idea. Does it not seem a bit ludacris that you have to choose your state electors in order for your vote to be counted since you think that who you pick as the electors will actually pick the vote you wanted. Why cant we vote for our won presient, why should we have to go through someone to vote for our president. It has been known that president's may be the popular vote winner, but still can lose the presidency. Why is that? Individuals that vote on their electors can not always control who their electors choose for president. Occasionally, sometimes the electors you pick will not vote for his or her party's candidate; they will cast a vote for whomever they please.

Some of these candidates that people choose are what you call "faithless" electors because of the winner-takes-all system. This means that most candidates do not spend time in states they know that they have no chance of winning. Meaning, they only stay focused on the "swing" states which in other words means the states that will either go for the person they like or against him. During the 2000 campaign, 17 state had not even seen their candidates at all and the voters in 25 of the largest media markets did not get to see a single campaign ad. So, tell me why we are still using this same system that cheats citizens out of their votes. Is it beacuse we are not qualified citizens?

If you do not already know by now the electoral college is a process, not a place and this process needs to be abolished. Who picks these electors, are they just people like you and I or are they the qualified citizens. They can be anyone not holding an office and the state actually chooses the electors. So, this means that the people really have no place in the president election. The electors are chosen by the state and even if you choose those electors they can go against what you decide and choose who ever they want. What happened to what the people wanted, why are those candidates choosing who runs our country for four years. What did they do so amazing that they get the final say on the matter. No, they are like us so why should we have to go through them just so we can make sure are vote matters in electing the president. Most of America has to deal with making sure are kids are getting a good eduacation, making sure are water or light bill is paid every month, and we also have deal with getting up at seven in the morning working and not coming home untill eleven at night all the while praying that our kids are safe since we could not pay for a nanny. With all of these things worrying us, putting a lot of stress in our minds one of the only things that we should not have to worry about is if our vote is going to count in electing our president. In conclusion, I believe, senator, that we should change our election by popular vote for the president of the United States of America.                    