Every Summer, as school is nearing an end, the other students and I are ecstatic to have some of our future teachers come into our classes and tell us about what we have to look forward too after the break ends, as well as finding out what lesson we will cover, fun projects, and the supplies we should for the class. What does not please any student however, is when they find out that they have to finish a lengthy assignment before their summer "break" is over. Created by teachers who have no idea of your level of learning, nor who you are, students will inevitably feel overwhelmed. The students taking the classes themselves should created the assignment,as even though the teachers may make the plans for the class, these students understand where the new students are coming from as well as the challenges faced inside the class.

Although teachers try to fill their summer assignments with care, they fail to understand what the students they are getting actually know. Just because the students should have learned everything from the previous year, most of the time other factors would come into play. Some material was overlooked due to time constraints, while some material was discarded in the depths of the students mind as they felt like they would need it. Nothing felt worse than having a lecture by a ne teacher a material we should have learned the year before, but no one at all could remember it. Having the upperclassmen, who were inside similar shoes to the newer students, make the assignment, they would reinforce what the students will have to know walking into the class day one. Upperclassmen would also be able to address through the assignment what material they never learned that the students would need for the beginning of the school year. Even though the teacher should plan for the students to not have learned all the information from previous years, the upperclassmen, through experiencing the class would be better able to give specifics on what future students need to know before school

Even though the teacher makes the lesson plans for the year, the previous students remember what is actually important for the class. Many times before, upperclassmen have been able to help me through classes by giving me advice on what material was important for the final tests of the year, ranging from simply names of people we have studied about, to entire units that made up big portions of the test. Some times the teacher might skip entire portions of the class, causing the students to miss out on very critical information. Having students create summer assignments allows them to fill students on what they have to know for the year. Instead of being surprised by content they would have never known about, the summer assignment would serve as a guide for the year, preparing new students for what to come. Some may argue that it is the teacher job to prepare the students, and create summer assignments to reflect the year, but the students who took the class ultimately know what the students will need to pass the final tests.

By understanding and experiencing the challenges the class faced before and during the school year, The upperclassmen would be able to create a better summer assignment for the new students. throughout school, not only have i sought out upperclassmen, but underclassmen have came to me asking for advice on classes or help studying. Students for a bond with one another, despite the grade level, in order to survive in the educational ecosystem. Unlike teachers, students know what they need in order to succeed as well as regrets and mistakes they will urge the underclassmen not to do. What else would be better in helping new students for the year than a guided assinment created one of their own?