Summer projects are something that some schools require students to complete. They are given so students may continue to learn, even during their summer break. However, there is a debate whether summer projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed. While some may argue that a teacher-designed project would give some guidance for the students, others believe that a summer project designed entirely by students would allow students to let them be more creative, students can choose a topic they like, and students can solve a problem they relate to. Summer projects should be entirely student-designed to give students a better learning experience during their break.

First, students can choose a topic that they are interested in for their student project. For example, if a student likes video games, then they would be more motivated to do their project than a summer project with the topic of gardening. The students will be more motivated doing something they like, simply because they enjoy it. No one wants to do a project that no one likes. In addition to that, students may also be more knowledgable in their topic if they are able to design their project. A student could know nothing about gardening and complete a poor project. However, if a student knows everything about video games, then that student can create a very excellent project, because its a topic they like. Student-designed projects allows students to do what they want to do, and have control over it.

Next, with a student-designed project, students can have more freedom in what they want to do. Some students may not like what topic the teacher gives for a project. This can decrease the motivation for some students to do it. However, with a student-designed project, students can be more creative with their project, because people like to learn what they are interested in. Freedom will also make students more motivated to complete their projects, because they are free to do anything.. Freedom can also allow students to be critical thinkers. Some students are the "go by the book" students. This means they always follow what they are supposed to do and not think outside the box. Student-designed projects allow students to think differently and not just use what they have always learned in school. Freedom is key for summer projects.

Lastly, students can choose a problem that students relate to. If a projects asks for the solution to a problem, then students can choose a problem that affects them. This would allow students to have a better understanding of the problem and how to solve the problem. It would make students more motivated to try to create a solution, because of how the problem affects them. For example, if a student chooses a topic about global warming, most students know about the dangers associated with global warming, which gives that student a better understanding of the topic. In addition to that, the student would be more motivated in doing their project, because global warming affects that student and everybody else on Earth. Having a problem that students can relate to for a summer project would increase motivation and knowledge of the topic.

Students should be able to design their summer projects to give students a better learning experience. The freedom to do anything, the ability to choose a topic, and solving a relatable problem are all associated with student-designed projects. Student projects will allow students to do whatever they want to do and be motivated. Motivation is the key idea for student-designed projects, because motivation is what drives students to succeed. After school is over, there will be no teacher-designed projects, and for good reason too. Students will have to do things on their own without someone telling them to in life. Student-designed projects are the key to a good education for all students during their summer break.     