Some schools are requiring students to do a summer projects to assure that they are learning during their break. Do you think that this project should be designed by the teachers or students?

Teachers should design the project because they know what their students struggle on and could include some tips. Teachers are with their students the whole year so their most likely to know what each student struggles on, it may not be the whole class that struggles on one topic but the point of the project is to go over certain topics so you won't forget them. The main reason students take test are to see what they struggle on or lack knowledge in and with the teacher designing the project it will focus mainly on those topics. If the students were to design the project they could focus to much on one topic or may not include the most needed topic at all. For example, if it were a math project the student could struggle with their multiplication tables but have more knowledge on everything else, the student could forget to include the multiplication tables or they could just focus lightly on the topic they really need. Teachers could include a guide or some helpful tips to make sure that everything that is to be known about that concept will be there. Students could have payed attention to the topic but still couldn't comprehend it, the teacher could know some tips and tricks to help make it easier for a struggling student. Including helpful tips could also make it easier for the students who have learning disabilities.

Students that struggle with a concept could teach themselves the wrong thing. A student that is struggling with a concept will probably use the internet to try to learn more about it, certain websites can teach the student the wrong thing or probably won't teach them at all. Teachers will use their knowledge and what they've learned to teach the student the correct way or how they're supposed to learn it. The internet has been known to sometimes have false information, a student that doesnt know a concept very well will probably try to use this false information to do the concept and it will most likely confuse or frustrate the student and they will either do the concept wrong or won't do it at all. The teacher could give the student the correct information or lead them to the correct and most helpful websites. Teachers have been through school and college to become the teachers they are so they know a lot about every topic they teach, they can teach each student the way they should be taught. Some students might even go to a friend or family member for help and they could teach the student the wrong thing. Modern day schools might not have taught the same way as older adults may have learned it so that most likely won't help.

Teachers can tell the students how to format the project in ways they won't forget it. Students might just write down the topics and not the way to do it or they could even just write down a problem about the topic and later on forget how to do it. Teachers can give the students a certain amount of problems so they won't forget or if it is a written or typed project it could tell the students how many sentences they will need. For instance, if it is a writing project it will tell the students how many spaces they will need, when they should indent their sentences or how they should use certain words. Telling the students how to format the project could even keep the paper neat, if the students were to write all of the topics together they could later be confused on which topic is which. It could even help you focus on the topics you struggle with the most. If the project was being graded formatting could make it easier to point the teachers in the direction of certain topics. Teachers informing the students on how to format could really save time and keep things neat.

In conclusion, I believe teachers should design the summer projects for the students. Letting the teachers designed the projects will make it easier for students who don't understand, students with learning disabilities and it will make it easier for teachers and others to understand.