Dear Principal,

I hear you are trying to make a decision on whether all students should be required to perform community service. Well i disagree with students having to perform community to service because some students have more important or something that they need to accomplish but if they are doing community service they wont be able to. I 'm going to further my reasons why i disagree with this.

Community service is very important, i think it is important because with out our communities we wouldn't have anyplace to live. I think that it is important to keep the community you live in clean because it is your community, However i do not agree with students must or be forced to do community service, i think it should be a self choice on whether they want to do community service or not.

Students have a lot of things on their plate outside and inside school, some may have extra curricular activities they have to stay faithful to, assignments from teachers that have to be completed, some may even have a job they have to attend. So it would be hard for them to do all of these things and perform community service at the same time because they would have no free time in between and it would be hard to juggle all these things at once it would be very stressful on that person.

Another reason why i disagree with students having to do community service is because it will distract the students from focussing on what they have to do or want to. Community service i think is a dedication and once you start you have to commit to whatever type of community service the person is doing and with all the things that some students have to do they cannot be fully committed to doing community service.

In conclusion i disagree with students having to perform community service. It is hard for a student to complete all the things that they need to and do community service, i think whenever a student has free time they should use their time on something they really want to do or need to because students have a lot to deal with and they deserve every minute of free time they get and shouldn't waste it all the time on community service .