While humanity is doing just fine with how we use cars now,driverless cars are apart of our not too distant future. Personally,I'm neutral in this argument but if this new way of using our vehicles advances our humanity I'm all for it. People these days are reckless when it comes to driving and so maybe a car that does the driving will in a way stop all the accidents and reckless driving. Driverless cars could reduce hit and runs but drivers are still needed in certain situations. What's the point of driverless cars if there's still a need for a driver.

Driverless cars would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer better transportation than a bus. These cars could possibly change the world and advance technology. These driverless cars are helpful but need a lot of sensors,a GPS receiver,and laser beams to form a constant update of the 3-D model of the car's surroundings. Sensors are needed for these unique cars because they advance the car to mimic the skill of humans at the wheel and respond to the danger or something out of control. These sensors give the car info or a warning to cause the car to apply brakes and reduce power from the engine. The sensors give the special car better responses and more control than a human driver could manage alone.

These advanced cars are amazing but are exspensive and a bit of a risk. None of the cars are completely driverless. These cars can steer,accelerate,and brake,but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. So like navigating through work zones or around accidents. The driver must stay alert and ready to take over when the time comes. This is what I mean when I say what's the point of driverless cars if we're still basically driving the car. I do like how Gm has developed the driver's seat to vibrate when the car is in danger of backing into an object because of my personal experience with backing my first car into a fire hydrent.

To conclude,Manufacturers are considering adding cameras to most of the cars so the drivers are remaining focused ont eh road. While the driver watches the road,the car watches the driver. Humanity needs to experience new things and give this new way of driving a try. Driving laws focus more on safety. Traffic laws state that the only safe car there is has a human driver in control at all times. These driverless cars need to be proven safe and reliable. Humanity needs to consider that if an accident occurs who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer of the technology. The future is looking very bright,the best has yet to come. Humanity is growing and advancing more and more everyday.