This technology would be useful in many ways. This technology could be very valuable, but it also could be too much for us to handle.

With technology like this it might make learning things online more interesting.

Imagine reading a boring documentory about a hero you are writing about for class, as you continue to read the article, a suggested website pops up with interesting facts about your person with more information.

Now you are more interested and the computer has done its job to change your feelings on this presentation.

We could use this technology to do many other similar things like that.

Maybe one day you are just down in the dumps and all these videos you are watching are just making you feel worse and even more bored than before.

Then a suggested video pops up and you are able to watch it and laugh and it was able to take your horrible day and turn it into just another good day.

These are the nice things this kind of technology can do for us.

Although you might think it is strange to have a computer know exactly how you are feeling when you sit down at in front of it.

There would never be a dull moment in front of the computer though.

Maybe you are just sitting around and you get bored and have nothing better to do so you get up and you make your way to the computer and play with the emotion detector just by making faces at your computer seeing if it can guess how you are feeling.

Technology is advancing quick, it is nothing like it used to be, but either you have to run with it or get ran over.

Things are changing fast we have to change with them.

This is why this technology is so valuable, we can use it in many ways even if its not important.

We can still get use out of it, so why not make it a thing? In the article it says "She is 83 percent happy, 9 percent digusted, 6 percent fearful and 2 percent angry" talking about the Mona Lisa painting.

Now you cant tell me that that is not cool at all.

Its pretty amazing what they can do with technology these days so we might as well adjust to it instead of push it away.

That is why we should be able to have technology like this.                                                            