Do you think that there are advantages to limiting car usage? Yes, I do think that there are advantages to limiting car usage because of pollution. There are many advantages of having limited car usage. This includes many different transportations and because of car culture.

To begin with, there are advantages to limited car usage because of pollution. Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog, the smog rivale Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gas. Diesel make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to 53.3 percent average of diesel engines. Paris has more smog than other European capitals.

To continue, there are advantages to limited car usage because of many different acts of transportation. In Bogota, Colombia a program is set to spread to other countries. It was called a "Car Free" day which meant that you could not use your car for a whole day. Millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day leaving the  streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. It was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of 7 million. The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza.

Furthermore, there are advantages to limited car usage because of Car Culture. President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States greenhouse gas emissions is to shift in American behavior. Research studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. The United States has long been one of the world's prime car cultures. The number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005. "What most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two to three years before the downturn," says Michael Sivak, a research professor at the University of Michigan's Transportation

Research Institute. The internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends. With all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit.

In conclusion, there are many different advantages to limiting car usage because of pollution, many different acts of transportation, and because of Car Culture.               