i agree with this prompt because some school should have the ability for all student to take online classes , if they dont want to go to school or if they have a problem with someone and if they are scared of what people are saying to them. But i think it is the best opportunit to have because a lot of people dont like going to school and online classes would be the best idea for the people.

Doing online classes would be better for the teachers and administration because they wont be dealing with a lot of students and they wont be having to repeat their selfs for those who don't listen and the school would have less cost if there wasnt a lot of students going to school. They wouldn't have to pay a lot of bills or pay a lot for school food or books , laptops, pencils. notebooks that is a lot of money for the school to buy for the students. Some students dont even bother buying school stuff and the teachers are the ones that have to buy the meterals for the students. They should at least just have school open for the lower grades such as elementray and middle schools because from middle school you learn the same meteral as high school.

If you attend any online classes at home it would be the best benefit for the student to work on there own paces. It would help a lot of students that are slow chasing up with the teachers telling them to write things down or to do work in class for some kids it's hard because some student dont progress things that fast and other progress the work faster then the other students. For example if u do your work at home it would be much better because you can take the classes whenever you want and work on your own thing for a while with out anyone telling you what to do. Teachers wont be scraming at you if you dont get your work done or a project done. A lot students like to work at home because there is not a lot of noise or people getting in trouble in class because they dont wanna get their work done.

There is a higher ability that students would get more sleep if they do online classes because when u wake up later your body is not gonna be tired or stressed that you gonna misses the bus or that you not gonna have a good breakfast because there is gonna be a long line or you just dont wanna be late to class. For example i would love to do online classes at home because it would be way better for me becuase im not gonna have to be waking up at five , to get my self ready and my little sister ready for school like it's really stressful doing one thing at a time and making sure to be on time to the bus or to school so like that you dont get in trouble for coming in late. You can also make a good breakfast at home so you can make up better and to learn better because not all students have the opportunity to buy breakfast or lunch at school. So they have to strave because they dont have free luch or can't afford to pay at school. But it would be good if you get to wake up later and eat a good breakfast at home without being rushed to finish. Student would probably would like to sleep in and be at home just working when they wanna work and not getting told what to do.

in clounsion ,this is the best choose for students because they would get more time to sleep and get more time to eat a healthly breakfast. At the same time it is gonna be better for kids to work in there own paces and to finish doing work late when yoy have all the time you can at home. Its gonna be better for school because they are gonna have less costs at school for the students .