will kids should actually bring cell phones to school the reason it takes kids education away and kids don't listen to what the teacher is saying. even though some kids still bring their cell phones and end up getting taking away. the principal from others school don't let the kids bring cell phones but the kids still do they really don't listen. and they end up in trouble and cell phone taking away. the kids that bring there cell phone to they can be in danger too like they can be talking with a stranger tell them to meet them after school or in some place.

kids could bring their cell phones too school but to have them off before entering there classes. so they wont get there cell phone taking away or get in trouble or in danger kids need to stop bringing there cell phones to school and listen to what the teachers in school have to say. like if there is a test and the kids are texting how are they going to know about it when their not really listening to what she is saying. kids are not even suppose to have a cell phone its a policy if you have it or not its up too the parents.

and plus kids bring their cell phones to school and they end up get stole or broke and the parents end up getting really mad at them. kids could text talk on the phone mostly after school not in school because we all come to learn not to really fool around. if kids keep on fooling around their is no education for them. in free times kids could use their phone it depends if the teachers let them. its not policy that you really have too use your phone like who are you going to chat with when your friends are right next too you. other times in school kids still use their phones and no one actually tells them anything .

And why would principals even let kids bring their cell phones to school just putting their life in danger. And the kids are not getting full education the one that they are going to need in life a cell phone can take off your mind off of the education just by a little text the at the kids can see after school nothing is going to happen too you if you don't see the text like right at that time. you have class at that time no free time or anything. you go to because your learning something that your going to need when you get older. with out you learning this skills what are you going to do in life nothing right.

Our school principal doesn't let us bring our cell phones to school and some kids do understand and other act like if they misunderstood. but once they get in trouble there would understand. some kids just need too stop texting during class get there work that their goanna need. and plus of course study for some big tests that may come out. and if kids are missing work why don't just do it? instead of texting or just fooling around school not doing anything. your life something that you need. skill what your going to use during your lifetime and college