I think the United States should keep the Elector College because it consists the selection of the electors and the electors of where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of electoral votes by Congress. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. Majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. Based under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. You can help choose your state's electors when you vote for President, when you vote for your candidate you're actually voting for your candidate's electors.

The best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for pickng electors and could always defy the will of people. Perhaps the most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. At some type of level, the electoral college is unfair to some voters. If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of some swing voters in Ohio, they'll have to yet make it.

The electoral college is outdated, irrational, unfair, and its official. Best arguments in favor of mostly assertions without much basis in reality. The electoral college is regarded as an anachronism. Anachronism is a person or thing that seems to belong in the past and not to fit in the present. Advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not a democratic in a modern sense, its the electors who elect the president, not us (people).

There is pressure for run-off elections when there's no candidate that can win majority of the votes cast. No voters vote a nation election, also in that order about one-half the eligible American population did vote in 2012's election. The popular vote was in Florida. Other things being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than some other small states do. Almost some of the voters are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on a average type of level, and most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election.

There are five reasons for retainng the Electoral College, despite of it's lack of democratic pedigree. Pedigree is the origin and history of something, when it is good or impressive. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal. Electoral College restores some weight in the political balance that some of the large states lose by virtue of mal-apportionment of the Senate. The Electoral College avoid problems of elections in which no candidate receives majority of the votes. Sometimes it can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a type of candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. Some voters in presidential elections are people that want to express a political preference rather then people who's thinking a single vote may decide on an election.                    