When making an important choice, do people ever wonder if they should have asked more than that one person? Do they ever wonder if that one kid they asked had a biased opinion or if people in general have different opinions? When making a big, important choice, people, especially young adults and teens, should seek more than one person's opinion. People could have different past experience with lots of things and might help people decide when making an important choice. People should seek more than one opinion when making an important choice because people can have different past experience, people can be biased, and people can have different opinions about the subject matter.

When making an important decision, lets say adopting a dog. People would want to ask multiple people if this would be a good idea or not. Adopting a dog is a big choice in someone's life and the person should seriously think this through. For example, lets say the person asks somebody who, in the past, had a dog who would always use the restroom in their house. That person probably would not recommend getting a dog. But then, if you ask a little kid who loves their dog very much and cuddles with it daily, they would recommend a dog. Now what if this individual had only asked the person with the bad dog? This person would now be denied their life time companion and emotional support. This exemplifies why people should ask multiple people before making an important choice. Now what if somebody wants to travel the world and they ask somebody about it. One person hated traveling, they were sick,got a bunch of stuff stolen from them,and got lost. This person hated traveling and would not recommend it to the person wanting to travel. This person had a bad past experience. But what if the person asked another person about traveling. This person absolutely loved traveling. They loved everything from the unique culture, to the flying in airplanes, to trying new things. This person had a good past experience with traveling and would recommend it to the person wanting to travel the world. This is another example of why getting multiple opinions before doing something because they could have different past experience. People with different past experience will have different opinions on certain matters.

People have biased opinions about certain matters. Imagine if a person is trying to open a farm, but the person's best friend hates all farmers. The best friend has a biased opinion towards farmers and hates all of them. When the person asks the best friend if they should start a farm, naturally the best friend will say no. But if the person asks someone who loves animals and the outdoors, that person would say they should open a farm. If the person had only asked the biased best friend who hates farms, they would now not have a job and place to live that they are happy with. This is one example of why people should ask multiple people before making an important choice because people have biased opinions. What if a girl wants to try out for a football team. All of her friends say that is gross and annoying because girls can not play football. This is a biased opinion about girls who play football. While all of the girl's teachers and family say that is a great idea and the change the school needs. If she would not have asked her teachers, she wouldn't be on the team. That is why you should ask multiple people before making an important choice like starting a farm or joining the football team.

People feel differently about lots of different things, whether they are small issues like shoes being ugly, or big issues like political opinions and whether schools should have dress code. What if someone wants to buy a Cadillac. Obviously, Cadillacs are expensive and the person would ask somebody before spending their hard earned money on a Cadillac. If the person asks their best friend who thinks they are ugly if they should get a Cadillac, they would obviously say no. The best friend has an opinion on Cadillacs. If the person had asked somebody who thinks Cadillacs are amazing, they would say to buy it. This is an example of why asking multiple people before making a choice is good because they might have different opinions. If someone wants to open a donut shop, but their uncle hates donuts. When they ask their uncle if they should open a donut shop, he will say no. He has an opinion of thinking donuts taste gross. But when they ask their sister who loves all desserts and will always support her sibling. She will say yes because she has an opinion of loving sweet foods and her siblings. This is an example of why people should ask more than one person before they do something. The student president might want to start a book club. A lot of students a do not like books because their teacher made them read a boring book three years ago and they have not liked books since then, they have an opinion on books from a long time ago. The teachers, on the other hand, love this idea because they think that students these days do not get enough reading time in and a book club would be a good idea. If the student president would not have asked the teachers if they liked the idea there would be no book club. This is why people should get multiple opinions before they do something because people have different opinions about things.

When people ask for advice, they should always seek more than one opinion because the people they ask could have different past experience, be biased, or have different opinions about the matter. When asking for an opinion in something, always ask different people and different kinds of people. People can have different opinions about things and be biased. Asking biased people for an opinion on something is never good so that is why people ask more than one individual before they make an important choice. In conclusion, this is why people need to get multiple opinions before they make a big choice.