W.E.B DuBois, the influential civil rights activist and co founder of the NAACP, valued education and believed that it was the most important thing in life. However, most students do not share the same beliefs nowadays. They dread going to school because they have to wake up early and rush to get to school on time. They wish to wake up on their own and get the day going at their own pace. When a student has to rush to shcool against theirt will, it can increase stress and reduce productivity. This can be a huge obstacle in the path of their education. Some schools offer distance learning, which allows students to take classes at home through online or video conferencing. Taking classes online and at home is extremely beneficial for a student's learning because it can help avoid illness and it is a more comfortable environment, thus increasing productivity.

However, it is likely that students will take advantage of this feature in a negative way. The lack of commitment to the online learning can decrease their will to learn. They can skip class and not get anything done at home. In addition, there is a lot of room for malfunctions in the technology. If there is no one available in person to help with these issues, online classes become useless. Yet, these factors play a crucial role in the student's development as a person. They teach the student discipline and time management. When a student skips an online class, the teacher will be able to know and punish them accordingly, whether it is lowering their grade or contacting their parents. This teaches the student not to skip classes. Technology issues are unpredictable but are not a complete obstruction to the student's learning. Due to the introduction of the cloud, all their work and progress can be saved online and transferred to another device. The student can contact their teacher and let them know about the issues. This saves a lot of time in the long run.

Everyone, including me, has experienced a sickness, and chances are, they probably got it from someone at school. It is extremely easy for sicknesses and diseases to be transferred around in school. This causes the student to stay home sick and not get any work done. This can be avoided by introducing distance learning. A huge and current example of this is COVAD-19, the coronavirus. It is massive pandemic that is shocking everyone around the world. There are thousands of deaths and cases worldwide. School systems, such as Generic_School Counties, are discussing the possibility of closing school and shifting classes to online to prevent the transfer of this deadly disease. This is a very smart decision because it slows down the spreading of the coronavirus in our area and it keeps the students and their families safe.

A more comfortable environment allows students to feel safe and makes work a little more relaxed and stress free. When students are more relaxed and comfortable, they are more efficient and productive with their work. They face less pressure from other students and teachers. It makes their work more accurate. In addition, by finishing their work and online classes, they have more time to do what they want and relax. This serves as a motivation for the students to be as productive as possible. Online classes are far less time consuming because you don't have to go anywhere. You can simply wake up, open your device, and start learning; whereas if you're going to school, you have to get ready, travel to school, and sit bored in class wishing to go home.

Offering distance learning through online classes and video conferencing can help a lot in a student's path of education because it keeps them safe from breakout diseases and increases their productivity by making them more comfortable. The students face far less stress at home than they do at home. This results in a spike of productivity and even makes their grades better. Online classes should definitely be introduced to more schools because it is a really useful tool in helping the student become a better learner and person by teaching discipline and time management skills.