As society becomes more reliant on technological advances, many individuals are now granted the opportunity to take online classes at home. Essentially, school systems have modernized their methods of providing various approaches towards an efficient education. Although virtual learning provides a more personalized learning experience for students, the consequences of implementing online classes outweigh the benefits.

Online classes can hinder the development of social skills within individuals. The classroom setting and environment offers students a wide variety of ways to exercise their social skills and develop character by interacting with different individuals. For an example, many individuals who are confined inside their homes are unable to participate in healthy activities that involve engaging with other students such as sports, clubs, organizations, and other extracurricular activities. Oftentimes, the individual who finds themselves being accustomed to this way of learning have identified themselves as "anti-social" or socially awkward. This is due to the fact that they prefer to isolate themselves from group settings or from social events because they are apprehensive and, sometimes even, hostile towards others who attempt to change their habits. Some may argue that online classes have the ability to engage its students with insightful discussions with their teacher and peers online. However, physical presence plays a vital role in developing relationships and allowing students to overcome their social anxiety. Like any technological application, individuals typically use online platforms and sites to display a persona and in this case, online classes encourages these students to strengthen their online presence, but not their physical one. In terms of longevity, this method does not strengthen crucial life and work skills that they are expected to have when they join the workforce; it is simply unrealistic. These students are encouraged to hide behind a screen because they lack social skills, and they justify this practice because the education system glamorizes the idea of their innovative society. Overall, online classes not only affect their learning experience, but their social skills.

Furthermore, online classes are not preparing individuals to face the reality of the workforce and the legitimacy of this method is ambiguous. The whole purpose of providing the youth with education is to be able to train them to become independent enough to be self-sufficient in the real world. In a school or classroom environment, they learn valuable teamwork skills that allow them to cooperate and collaborate with other individuals about how to approach an issue, overcome challenges, and propose a solution. This eventually leads to the building of bonds and relationships that could impact an individual's life or mental health, whereas online schooling encourages the opposite effect of this. By physically going to school, these individuals nurture their abilities to be problem-solvers and natural thinkers. Additionally, some students may not take online classes seriously as opposed to physically showing up for class. For an example, online students may not require a time constraint and does not require the students to be properly dressed for the "class." Sometimes, the individual may present themselves to an online class in their pajamas because they woke up an hour ago. This does not exemplify sophistication nor does the class seem respected. On the other hand, if the student were to show up to school, they would look much more prepared and willing to learn. This highlights the difference between individuals who value their education and the ones who do not.

Lastly, online schooling does not account for individuals with learning disabilities. Most schools consist of people from various races, ethnicities, backgrounds, sexes, and learning capabilities. Not every student thinks the same way, so they should be encouraged to express their creativity to establish a diverse school setting. Additionally, some students may possess specific learning disabilities such as ADHD, dyslexia, autism, mental illnesses, and more. In this case, these students require much more attention from their teachers to help guide them through this process, but an online class can only do so much. The teachers may be going at a faster pace than what these students can normally handle or they are confused about a certain area of the subject, so their frustrations may build up and lead to detrimental effects on their mental health. Although it is considered to be personalized learning, these individuals require careful guidance towards achieving the same success that their counterparts are experiencing. In the sense of virtual learning, these individuals are at a disadvantage because their learning disabilities are beyond their control. Video conferencing may be an option, but students with learning disabilities prefer not to share with their peers that they are struggling in a certain area or having difficulties understanding the curriculum, but would much rather keep this information confidential between themselves and their teachers.

By implementing online classes, schools should reassess the validity of its efficiency and the impact it will have on students. Virtual learning can have benefits, but is effective to a certain extent. Ultimately, the negative imbalance between the consequences and benefits of virtual learning suggests that online classes should not be encouraged within school systems and to continue to maintain a traditional form of education. 