After going to school for ten months, students need a bit of a break before starting up again. Not only are their bodies tired, but so are their minds. Their minds are basically at capacity! So when summer break rolls around, students tend to leave everything they learned behind. While understandable to want to stop putting more information in their brain, students should never leave what they know behind. Students work so hard for a long time, to gain new information and more knowledge. In order to assure continued learning, teachers assign summer projects. Unfortunately, students decide to not do the assigned summer projects because it tends to get in the way of their summer. So, what if the switch was flipped and students could create their own summer projects? Students should have the freedom to complete their own summer assignments because, they're more likely to do the project when it's their own, students can express their own creativity, and they will actually enjoy doing their project.

If students could create their own assignments, they would actually do the work to get it done. They have all summer to come up with a fun project idea, so why not make it the greatest one possible? Fast-forwarding to when school starts up again, students will have a completed project to present to their teachers and peers. They won't only be happy for the grade, but they'll be proud of themselves for completing their project. Adding to the positive, teachers will have a better impression of what their students do. Meaning that teachers will know how to operate their classes, based on their students and how they learn.

Students will also be able to express their creativity freely. For example, one student may not be able to color, paint, or draw, while another student is really good at coloring, painting, and drawing. The student who isn't as good at doing those things, may be better at using computers to create things. So that student should be able to complete his/her summer assignment, on his/her terms. Some teachers assume that all students are capable of doing only one thing, which is very untrue and unrealistic. Students should not be limited to doing one thing, in one way. It's unfair that some teachers grade based on how artistic the assignment is, or how technological it is. Everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses. Teachers should look towards all their students specific strengths, instead of aiming at their weaknesses. Plus, teachers should be very fond of students' creativity in their assignments, and grade them based on the student's hard work, the assignment criteria, and their creativity.

Lastly, students will actually enjoy working on their summer projects! Since they have their own freedom to create whatever the please, they can make it any way they want. On top of that, they'll have the whole summer to make their very own masterpiece. So, when working on the assignment, it won't seem like such a drag to have to complete. Students can also work at their own pace. Since students do have a solid three months to complete and revise their projects, there should be nothing less than perfection.

All in all, students should never stop learning new things. The new way of learning is expressed through creativity. Scott Fitzgerald once said,

"For what it's worth... it's never too late, or too early, to be whoever you want to be.

There's no limit

".

Students should not be limited to creativity, creativity should be unlimited to students. Students should create their own summer assignments, to assure the continuation of learning, and to show them there will never be a limit to their own creativity. 