The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as compromise between election of President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of a qualified citizens. Each candidate running for President has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party. You help choose your state electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your canidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors. I think we should keep Electoral Colleges. It gives people a chance, help with responsibility, and it is competitive. Thats why i think we should keep Electoral College.

Initially, it gives everyone in the political group a chance. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. Your state's entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation: on for each member in the House of Representitaves plus two for your Senators. The District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. Everyone in the political group votes. That means if you already did'nt ruin your reputation you have a chance at becoming the president because, everyone on at one point and time in the political party is equal. It also make sure everyon is heard, it makes everyone useful for something. The Electoral College gives everybody a chance which is probably the best detail about the system.

In addition, Electoral College also hekps with responsibility. Laws are vary on how the electors are selected and what thier responsibilities are. It can either take away responsibilities or give more resonsibilities. This can help people out alot, people won't get task that they can't handle and other people won't get task that would bore them or would be to easy from. It also gies people restrictions that had already had problems or that had did something something that was'nt alowd. This is helpful to those who are'nt very skilled at something, those who are probably to skilled at something, and those who are probably just in the middle. This is also another great detail why we should keep Electoral College.

Finially, it is competative. Most states have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential canidate. This would make would people work harder and strive for higher expectations. The competitiveness level would be even higher becuase everyone is going for the same goal, this would make thing even more exciting to watch and here about. So the Electoral College dose not only just make the system good but it also makes it exciting and competative, which would helpe people want to learn more about the election. Thats another big reason why we should keep Electoral College.

In conclusion, Electoral College is very good. It gives people chance to strive for greatness, it helps people with responsibility, and it is very competitave. I think we should keep Electoral College it is a great achievement to our country and is a advantage to our election. It lets everyone be heard, it teaches people how to deal with the roles they have to play the system, and it makes people work harder. I think Electoral College is good for us and we would be dumb not to keep it.                                            