we are all zombies on these devices no one cares they make so many things easier for people to do and enjoy themselves. The way society shows us is that we all use phones like idiots and honestly, my opinion doesn't change because I know that many people have used their phones pretty stupidly and lose their life for it but honestly as long as you know how to control yourself you can use it really effectively and I'm gonna show you exactly how by using these two methods 1. use it when not in the motion of driving and 2. Keep your eyes out for police.

Driving is our main way of transportation so we need to keep ourselves safe and everyone else safe. the best way to do that is to keep our phones away keeping your phone is smart while driving because texting and driving is a big no-no in everyone else's eyes. The only reason why I think people need to follow this is because I've driven with people who have sat at the light because they were stuck on their phones and I had to tell them to drive so, to be honest, we need to limit ourselves to do it only when are stopped in traffic or we just parked up somewhere.

I don't drive yet but everyone should just know this rule or just follow it at all times watch for police, police are like enemies they protect the streets and I respect them for that but honestly, they should always be avoided I'm not saying avoid them at any means necessary but just keep seat belts on and don't text and drive that's the easiest way a cop will catch you so make sure to get wherever you need to go and just move on try not to get in any trouble.

And to conclude phones are really convenient devices that make millions of things easier for us day to day humans but we need to limit ourselves to just using it when not driving and only when it is really needed many cars nowadays come with their own little carphone technology that will speak to you and do stuff for you.

Apps like Waze make driving feel much safer and cars like teslas and the other cars I spoke about before can be great substitutes for phones while driving.       