Required Essay: Phones And Driving

Today, the majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis. In essay form, explain if drivers should or should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

How many people die yearly from texting and driving?

Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of 4 accidents are caused in the united states by texting and driving.

Drivers should not be able to operate cell phone use while driving, it causes the driver to get distracted from the road and that could cause the driver to have an accident.

However, some drivers may still respond to a text message and that is why many of the accidents occurs and most of the time this lead to a vehicle accident that could lead to death.

Drivers need to understand how easily it is to take someone life or themselves.

Everyday people are risking their lives due to the high rate of cell phone use while operating a vehicle.

Therefore, nowadays cell phones are unnecessary devices because they are a distraction to drivers while their on the road.

Because of their conversation they might get upset and this could lower their driving ability that can lead them to lose control over the car.

If people don't make the right decision and put their cell phone away while driving their routine could harm innocent people.

Some people may feel uncomfortable without their cell phone mainly because they are so use to having their cell phone in hand while driving. On the other hand there are disadvantages of using cell phones, they can easily get lost. Talking on cell phones are very expensive. In addition, cell phones are not useful while driving, drivers should pay attention to the road instead of getting distracted from a text or phone call.

In conclusion, I think that cell phones are indispensable tools that we cannot live without, but we should avoid using them while operating a vehicle. Therefore, we should think carefully about the advantages of cell phone use while on the road.

You should ask yourself is it worth risking your life or someone else life. We should be able to operate cell phones responsibly and use them at the right time.              