School is a place where students are supposed to be able to learn information and grow as human beings. The main problem with school being a place where students must commute to, is that for some of the students, the environment just isn't the right place for them to learn. Personally, I believe that for some students, learning from home may be a much more beneficial method of schooling. The reasons for this are: some students feel uncomfortable with the school environment and online school could allow for more freedom in class pacing.

A school in it's own can sometimes feel much too clinical for students, too professional, and way too pressuring of an environment. This is why for some students, it may actually be better if they learn from home. For me at least, I find school to be a suffocating environment, where you are surrounded by the pressure of other students and other teachers. One wrong move and your grade could be failing, and you have to face your teacher with that fact. The way I see it, that is way too much pressure to put on a student, for them to feel scared in an environment that is supposed to feel nurturing and calm. Instead, school feels like a prison, and the strict rules and guidelines are what push students to fail. This is why I believe that if students work from home, they will feel much more relaxed, and thus will do much better in classes. Students have a comfort zone, and sometimes a school building and environment crosses that comfort zone, which causes for poor performance. If school was taught from home or online, students would feel more comfortable and thus would do better.

If school was taught online, student would be able to control their class pacing much better than if it was taught in person. In a normal classroom, your teacher has a strict course schedule that he/she must keep to, and thus forcing students to keep to a strict routine of coursework. I can say this from my personal experience, since I too have dealt with the pressure of having multiple assignments due back to back, and having to turn them in on time or else my grade would suffer for my ignorance. Classes force students of differing levels of learning to all adapt to the same course schedule, with no room for fluctuation, and this is why their grades suffer. If school was to be taught from home or online, while there would still be due dates, it would not have to be as strict. Students could have more freedom to choose how their assignments are to get done and when they needed to be completed. Instead of being forced into some strict class schedule, students would have the rights and the freedom to choose, and I believe that you would see a great difference in their grades. This is why I will argue for school to be taught from home or online, since students would greatly benefit from it.

School should be taught from home or taught online, because I believe that most, if not all, students would benefit from it. Students would not have to deal with the harsh environment of a school and they would get ability to decide their class pacing better then in school teaching. I believe that all teachers want is for their students to succeed, but how can a student excel when the school system is dampening their motivations with poor environments. As a student myself, I can say with absolute certainty that I would benefit from having school from home. I would not have to feel the pressure of a harsh testing environment and I would never have to deal with teachers, who were frustrated that I could not complete their too many assignments on their due dates. Students need fluidity, and the rigid structure of our school system today is not helping them to succeed. The only way that I see that students would be able to act on full capacity would be to switch to a completely online school system. 