Dear state senator,

I argue in favor of keeping the Electoral college because, it requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal,its actually a good thing. Basically all voters are involved because if it wasnt for that one voter the president wouldnt had been elected as president. A candidate with only one regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president. if we didnt have voters we might would have the worst president of them all, he could do bad things for the country he want, which may affect us as a country. Dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College votye is possible is because, the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote.

Another reason, is that the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states by population lose by virtue of the mal- apportionment of the senate decreed in the constitutuion .Large states such as florida , wyoming, gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small states does. It is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote . yet that has happened very rarely. But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee and that is rarely betrayed.

in addition, We can have argue that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off the potential voters for a candidate who has no hope for their state . They have to be more careful about who they want to vote because, it can cause alot of damge to the president or even the world that we live in. They should let people who already know about the political party's and the democrats and the republicans.

to be continued, We should have our background checked on if we should vote or not because , people have faked thier identity and voted , or even forced someone else to vote for them even if they didnt want to. the electoral college is a very important process that goes on in this world just to make our place a better one . If our electoral college do better we can have more oppertunities in life, like when the good president becomes president just like obama , He can do good things with the taxes or even make it easier for kids to have jobs so they wont have to be on the streets doing bad things and maybe even one day they would grow up to be able to vote for thier favoritem president.

And that is why I argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College.                                            