Some Schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during the break.

Some may point out that since the students are the ones taking time out of their break to complete these assignments, they should be the ones designing them.

Others may argue that the teachers should design these projects.

Summer projects should be teacher-designed because the teachers will be the ones grading them, they will make sure that there is still an element of difficulty, and they know the content best.

One reason why summer projects should be teacher-designed is that the teachers will be the ones grading these projects.

Teachers spend hours or even days grading assignments.

If students designed the projects, it would be harder for teachers to determine what the grading rubric should include.

It should be up to them what they will be inevitably grading at the start of the school year.

Most teachers have new students every year.

If students designed these projects, they would be different every year.

This would lead to mistakes because the teacher would not be as familiar with the assignment.

Another reason why summer assignments should be teacher-designed is that they will make sure the project will still have an element of difficulty to it.

It is teachers' jobs as educators to continue create and assign projects that are challenging enough for the level that their students are at.

If students designed their projects, the projects would not be very difficult.

This would be because students generally prefer to spend their summers doing other things than homework.

If the assignments are not challenging, than the students are more likely to forget about it or not care about it.

The point of summer assignments is to keep the students engaged and learning throughout the break.

Teachers would make sure that the assignment is easy enough so students dont spend their entire summer stressing about it, but challenging enough so that the assignment is still effective.

The last reason why summer projects should be teacher-designed is that they know the content best.

The projects assigned are most likely for the class the students plan on taking the following school year.

For example, if a student is taking algebra 2 and plans to continue on to pre-calculus, the student doesnt know much about calculus yet.

That being said, how would a student design a project for a class they havent taken yet.

The students are there to learn and it is the teachers job to teach them.

The students should not, and could not, teach themselves the content required to know for the following year.

The only person who can properly prepare students for a class is the teacher themselves.

In conclusion, the summer projects that some schools require students to complete should be teacher-designed.

First, Teachers should be able to create what they will be grading.

Second, Teachers will also make sure that the projects are not just pointless busy work.

And last but not least, It is the teachers job to educate student on unfamiliar subjects.