Dear principal,

I think that you should have a B average and not an A average to play sports because its not fair to the kids who are working hard and trying their best to keep there grades up while playing a sport at the same time. Now if you have a C then you can be kicked out of the team because school comes before sports and that's why i understand that you can have a C . If i was the best person on lets see the volleyball team and i was working hard and doing my best studying hard, doing everything i could to get that B to an A and i just couldn't do anything else to make it happen because the report cards are about to come in then i would be kicked off the team. I think that the principal should make it a B average to stay in sports because she should know some people really work hard to get were they are today. If some people have troubles at home and cant do anything about them not having an A average then i think it should be a B average to let everyone have a chance to keep it up and know that if they have a C they can work till they can get that B.

Also because if you have an A and your doing things to keep that A and you accidentally didn't turn in your homework for a class you could be kicked off the team for not having an A. Some people are smart and some people have trouble with their school work well if your not very smart then you can help it if you cant get that B to an A average.

This is all i have to say about that is that some people are working hard and they just cant pick their grades up so they get kicked off the team. Most people work hard because they don't want to be kicked off because they love that sport and don't want to get off the team just because they couldn't pass a class in school because they weren't studying or doing their class work. If it was me having that B and working my butt off to get that A for report card and i almost had it but then she wouldn't let me have it because i turned something in late i would be disappointed to see me leave my team in the dust .

So this is why i think we should have a B average to play a sport without out having to worry about getting our grade up. I also can see why she would want to have everyone have an A average because she wants people to have good grades and know that if you don't have the responsibility to keep your grades up then you have to be put off your team because then they would think your not a good student.

sincerely, student