Driverless cars should not be developed. The cars still need the help of people to perform some activities. The cars also will have millions of sensors that at any one point if one goes bad the whole car would not be able to function properly. Driving also requires the driver to be alert at all times. Driverless cars are going to have ways to entertain the driver instead of keeping the driver focused on the task at hand. With all of these potential problems driverless cars should not be developed.

The cars can brake and go on their own to help the person driving. They also vibrate when you are about to back into something or are drifting into another lane, but they can not correct these things. Some cars can drive themselves but can not function properly when coming to a roadwork area or an accident scene. If a car is incapable of dealing with these contingencies we should not develop them.

Cars that can drive themselves need millions of censors just to stay on the road let alone the lane. In paragraph 4 the prompt talks about the cars using LIDAR which is a device that projects a laser and spins on top of the car. Every rotation showing the computer the cars surroundings. While on the road however the LIDAR could spin around and before it get around again an object could have found its way to being in the path of the car giving the car, depending on its speed, hardly any or no time to react. Other sensors could go bad or just the slightest miscalculation or glitch in anything could spell disaster for the car and its passenger(s). These cars should not be developed given today's unreliable technology.

In paragraph 8 the questions, "Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver?" and, "Wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?", were asked. In the same paragraph the author answers the question by saying, "We have to interpret the driving fun in new way." Manufacturers hope to fix that problem by introducing "in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays."(Paragraph 8) These same ideas contradict the claim in paragraph 9 that says, "Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best acieved with alert drivers." How can drivers be alert if they are busy "having fun" before the car decides to hand over the controls to the driver. Driverless cars are just going to cause more accidents due to the lack of attention the drivers are giving the road.

Driverless cars should not be developed because they still require human assistance, there are too many things that can go wrong with the technology required, and that driving takes alert drivers, the same drivers that are going to be "entertained" while they wait for their turn to drive.