Do you participate in any after school activities? Well if you don't now you have to, my principal if making it mandatory to participate in at least one after school activity. You can participate in many activities such as sports teams, student council, and the debate team. There are many points for why this shouldn't be a rule in school. Some points are time management, interest, and funds/workers.

My first point is about time management, if students are doing extra activities they might not have time to do other important things. One of these important things is homework, if there doing activities they don't have time to do the homework a teacher assigned. This would lead the student to be behind in there classwork and cause there grade to drop. The second important thing they wouldn't have time to do is there chores. A lot of kid have chores and if there not done there parents will not be happy. This leading to the kid getting in trouble and getting a punishment.

My second point is interest, if there is no activities that interest the student there not going to have fun. And if they are not having fun they will slack off and not try there best. If a student doesn't want to do a activity that may cause them to make there own fun and act out and get into trouble. Then there parents would be angry and they would get in more trouble and the teachers would be angry because if the kid got Saturday school the teacher have to come watch them. Plus if they get in trouble that will mess with there record.

My third point is funds and workers, if you have more activities you need more money and more people to work them. And the school would have to ask the county for more money and the county might not have that amount of fund for the school. And you have to find the people to work those activities witch may be hard to do. And the schools may not be big enough for the activities to all be housed there. And that means they might have to rent a space for a activity to be held and that cost more money.

That is my three points on why I thing it would not be a good idea to make it mandatory for every student to participate in a after school activity. I already participate in a after school activity but I hope it is never mandatory. It would not achieve what school want witch is to keep kids active. It would only make the problem get worse and wouldn't fix it at all. The three points are funds/workers, interest, and time management. 