How is the election of the president of the U.S.? The election is base on two parts, the first one is the Electoral College and the second one is the popular vote or the vote of the people. Changing to the election by popular vote would be a great idea because the president of the U.S. would be loved and accepted for most of the of the people in United States and it less complicated than the Electoral vote that can create a big mess.

According to the beginning of the U.S. Constitution ,''We the people of the United States of America...", it shows that the people have the right to change the government. When we select someone to be our leader we are selecting someone according to their values and to their actions before being the leader, but we are not selecting someone according to his political view-democrat or republican-. In the Electoral college what they basically due is vote for the president who have the same political view as they have and if that person is going to help them in the future as president. So the Electoral College means business, while the popular vote select the president according to what is he going to do with the country. Also the 358 electors cannot represent the whole population of the United States, so basically they are not having a democratic system where everyone have a right. For example in 2000 when the elction between Bush and Gore, Gore won the popular vote while Bush won the Electoral vote letting Bush won the precidency.  After Bush won the precidency, he began sending soldiers to Afghanistan and Irac separating millions of U.S families, so the meaning is that people were right that Brush was not going to be a good president since the beginning, but at the end it was the fault of the Electoral College. Sometimes the Electoral College make a well political decision and could problaby help more the government, while the people were just selecting someone that was going to destroy the government.

The popular vote is less complicated than the Electoral college where they have sometimes ties and controversies. Ther Electoral College sometimes is unfair against the popular, for example in Florida have 29 electoral votes while Wyoming have only 3 electoral votes is not fair to compare the two of them. The popular vote is easier, must of the times there are no ties so it woukld make it easy to select the president. In the other hand the popular vote would get really tie and one of the person that is running for president would ask for a recount of the vote, so it would take longer to select the president. Aslo if is there a tie in the Electoral College the election would be thrown at the House of Representative and giving the Senate the opportunity to select the president, leading to more complexity for choosing a president.

At the end the popular vote means the people's vote and a fair election. Voting for the president of the United States is not an easy way, but as you read in the eassay you would see that the popular vote get the highest point for being the easiest one. Having a country that select their own president means that the countruy would accept anything that the precident is doing.    