Phones and driving

Do you believe texting and drive is bad and can cause car accidents or any terrible thing to happen? Honestly doing any like that can lead to no common sense especially when you have someone in the car with you. Over thousands of people die from a car accident situation which unlikely happy for love one's. I feel like more of this comes from young adults and teens because there still in that developing stage where this and that needs to be learned. Even though, car accidents happen you shouldn't be scared to drive or stop you from driving.

You should just be a lot safer than other with driving. But, if you happen to get a crash and it manage to be your fault you shouldn't take it all into that one mistake to.

There are a lot of things you need to realize with driving and texting. First of all if you do it you need to be cautious and smart about it. Because one if you need to text someone because it's an emergency do it at a red light or if you need to tell someone important then just stop somewhere . If you don't do none of the sort you can lead to accident or dealing with the cops. And, you can get in a lot of trouble with dealing with the cops. If you feel like driving and texting is ok then maybe it is to you only if you know what your doing and being safe with those actions. The statistics are very high for teens almost 11 die everyday texting and over 80% of people own cell phones.

Some people would say is sending that 1 small text important that causing your life or that other person life. Is it worth it because bad things happen everyday even if we don't want them too. Also , you can pull a ride with anyone and if there on the phone and you feel unsafe let them know that but if your scared you risking everything cause you never know what's gonna happen. The only thing you can really do is pray for the best to happen and keep living your life. I feel like every driver should be at least 17+ driving because at the age i feel like a little more common sense it should know by now what the rules are.

In, conclusion we know that texting and driving both don't get along or work out for people at the end of the day. Teens are the main people who get distracted because either there texting or playing with there friends in the car which seems to be a very bad idea knowing they are so very young. People always make excuses as soon as an accident happens with them. They try to say they were getting something that fell or telling one of there passengers in the back to stop knowing all they have to say is i was texting.

I feel like we should have this thing in the future where we get in the car our phones automatically turn off so then there would be no problem with anything. I say this because it's better than doing that one stupid thing then risking however many lives are in thart car.

https://www. dmv. org/distracted-driving/texting-and-driving. php https://www. icebike. org/texting-and-driving/          