"As a result, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here. 'When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way,' said Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor" (Rosenthal paragraph 2). Heidrun Walter is the typical mother of two that has a job as a media trainer. Unlike most people, Heidrun lives in the city of Vauban, Germany. Vauban is a one of a kind district that cracks down on car use and promotes walking and public transportation. Heidrun describes this life as a happier one and that cars make things tense. There are advantages to this way of life such as a rexaled lifestyle and fewer pollutions.

Not having a car makes one persons life less stressful by making the internet a better way to communicate, having funner ways to transport yourself, and making it easier to access stores. Getting in a car to go to a freinds house is in most cases is a long stressful process that can be eliminated through a culture without cars that opens up Internet use to communicate instead. "She cites various factors: the Internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends" (Rosenthal paragraph 35). Mimi Sheller is explaining how you don't have to get into a car to be with your friends and that the Internet is a simplier option. Instead of using a car to get to work, it may be a healthier and funner option for people to start walking or riding a bike. " 'It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,' said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife" (Rosenthal paragraph 24). In the quote, Carlos describes how stress is relieved by lower pollution and opening yourself up to activities that you and someone you love could enjoy while getting to work. Stress can be driven by simple things in life such as trying to find a parking spot to access the market. "In this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway" (Rosenthal paragraph 6). To have less stress in your life it could be easier to live in a no cqar community that makes any store you need only a walk away from your house leaving you free of the harshness of finding a parking spot. Internet communication, alternate transportation, and walk ways to stores make a happier and healthier life for the average person.

Cars in most countrioes are the leading pollutants and it could be wise for people to try and reduce smog, greenhouse emissions and diesel use by not picking up tthe keys to your car. Smog in some place has gotten so bad that car use had to be stopped completely. "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog . . .[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world" (Rosenthal paragraph 14). Paris went through major smog that makes them reconsidering the use of automobiles.        