In America people use automobiles for evryday life. Look at it this way, if there werent any cars anymore we would be walking all the time. Which would leed to bad joint pain and expensive doctor bills. Plus think of how crowded the side walks would be. Your kids would get lost or even stolen right out from under your nose now do you really want that. Automobiles have been around forever why ruin what people worked so hard to gain. A lot of people would lose their job if we got rid of them. You think the unemployment rait is bad now get rid of cars and watch it increase.

If we had to walk everywhere, that pain that just went away in your ankles and feet would suddenly come back again. And what if your in a hurry to get to work how are you going to get there in time if your only going at a walking speed. The crowd would slow you down emensly, even at school the crowd can slow a person down by a lot. when the teacher lets us out early I dont have to fight the crowd as much and can get to my parent much faster to go home.

Think about the children, if you were walking one day to the store and look back to see that your five year old is suddenly missing, what would you do. You would look and see nothing but people in the crowd, you would have no clue to who has your child. But if your in your car and you look back he/she will be right there safe and sound waiting to get home to watch there favorite show, not in the hands of a stranger wondering who is this person and will I ever see my mommy again.

We Americans work hard for what we get in life, and if you get layed off from your job what gose through your head. Well I dont personnly have a job but you do, and so do hundreds of people at Ford Motor Company, and General Motors two very famous automobile manufacturers. If we dont drive cars and buy cars guess what happens they lose money and if a huge manufactuer loses money then its time to start lowering wages and laying people off. So do you really want that.

So think before you do things like take away our car rights. The prompt says to find good things about not having cars but I just cant because the bad is more bad than the good is good. Personnly if I had a child I wouldnt want him/her being stolen by a stranger. Or being me being layed off because people dont wnat to harm the earth's atmosphere.    