The technogy that there using it looks wonderful explain every single details how the techonology works and how the testing are. It explain that they make a machine that can read face and pictures just like the Mona Lisa face, they describe that

Mona lisa have 83 percent happy , 9 percent disgusting, 6 percent fearful and 2 percent angry. They explain this just because of a software computer read Mona Lisa face.

The coumputers are very smart at this time but a computer that reads face is a little bit complicated because they can do almost everything that a human wants but reading face is not so hard. Using technology to read emotions expressions of students in classroom is not so good because students can read faces too. A lot of people can read faces even if your mad or not people can see emotional in other faces .

The process of the software computer begin when the computer constructus a 3-D computer model of the face. it explain that thhe computer jus move muscle and the way faces move like in paragraph 3 describe " all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. Movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit ". this mean that they read the muscle in the face to explain what motion humans do.

Reading faces is not so hard you can see people if they are happy,angry or sad is not so hard if see someone laughing you can tell that the person is happy or something make happy that person, like in the artticle say " In fact, we humas perform this same impressive " calculation " every day . For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face." this mean that most people can show feelings on their face. Of course some people have trouble to describe faces because some people doesn't show feelings and other do.

How people feel it depends on them. most people are happy and others sad but every single people can be happy it depends on them not in other persons. The people that are always happy are the ones who thinks positive the ones that love their self a machine can read their faces but the machine doesn't know that humans can change their mind in less than an minute we can be happy and then we can be sad for a sad news but for the computer it will take time to know when human change emotions because it has to read I again the whole face , compare to us the human can see fast when other person get sad. like a quote it say "The Mona Lisa desmonstrate ir really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do". this mean that the computer is smart it can read faces .

The technology is good for in some reason but reading faces too easy for human and humans doens't need a computer to tell hom the other person is feeling becuase humans can read faces too. their is no reason that human need a computer to tell them when ever a person is sad or happy. Humans can just look at their faces just to see of they are happy or sad.