I was once asked to write a letter about keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote. My Opinion is that they need to change Electoral College. The three reasons why they should keep it is because, its not fair,it dosen't waste a lot of time,the electoral votes given to each state.

To Begin with, Electoral Voting seems very easy. Electoral College consists of 538 electors. They need a majority of 270 electoral votes to elect the prsident. But their a lot of things wrong with the electoral college too. Over 60 percent of voters would perfer a direct election. And voters vote not for the president,but for the slate of electors, who select the president. The Electoral college is unfair to voters. Becasue of the winner take all system, the candidates dont spend much time in the states they know they dont have a chance of winning. This is one of the reasons why they should change Electoral college.

To Briefly Continue, The Electoral College isn't a good system to use in my opinion. But the System dosent waste a lot of time. This is probaly the only reason they still use it today. All they do is go state by state seeing the candidates group of electors  votes. This process takes about 3 to 4 Hours to see what candidate won to be the president of the United States Of America. The President election is held every 4 years, on the tuesday after the first monday in November. But this is another reason why the Electoral collge system needs to be changed to popular vote.

Last But Not Least, The electoral votes given to each state sucks. Its not fair Texas gets 38 electoral but New York only gets 3. Way more people live in New york Than Texas. If they used election by popular vote everyone has the choice to pick which candidate they want to be president. And The elctoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism. Its hard for a democratic to win it. The Electors that elect for president not the people. This is another why this needs to be change.

To brieflty conclude, the system needs to be changed. its not fair to have and electoral voting system. the people dont get to vote for the candidate they want to win. These are some of the reasons why the system needs to be changed.                                    