Summer is a time of relaxation, fun, and time to spend with family and friends. Summer can also be a time for a great off season for sports and a time to get better at your crafts. Many parents and teachers believe that the summer should be a time to really work on your mistakes or bad habits you've made over the school year. Whether its studying a subject, practicing a sport, or even working on your behavior. Over the summer some schools assign projects for students to do. I believe that summer projects should be student-designed, but teacher's must approve their work.

If students were able to design their own summer projects then they would be able to truly use their unique creativity. Students would have the ability to choose a project idea that they like and not some boring project that a teacher may choose. Also more and more students would actually do their projects because they would choose an idea that would be enjoyable. Teachers shouldn't judge your based on the work that they give you, but on the ideas that you come up with. I think more teachers should allow kids to use their own creativity instead of making students into robots and giving them instructions that they must follow.

In today's society, managers don't hire people based on their high school grades, but on their creativity and their great ideas that they could bring to the table. If you want to become a manager of a company or even an entrepreneur, you must have great ideas. You must also be able to use your own creativity to persuade people to join your company or buy your products. Your teacher isn't going to just come up with your ideas when you get older, so why should they now. The younger you are at learning how to come up with your own ideas and how to be more creative, the more you're going to flourish as you get older.

Some may say that teacher-designed summer projects would be better because it may be harder and challenge the students more. Also teacher-designed projects may relate to school more and what they might learn in the future because many teachers have a lot of experience. Student's may also have a hard time coming up with their own ideas and could take longer. But this is why I think students should come up with their own project designs and then have the teachers check their idea before they start working, so that their project isn't too easy or short. Student's would also have to use their brain more and will teach them that they will struggle later in life because creating your own ideas aren't easy. This will better prepare them in the future and will allow them to truly show/express their creativity to the rest of society.

In the future, our society isn't going to change based on what students get on their exams, but on the ideas that they come up with. Our ideas will truly affect the belief's of our society. This is why I think teacher's should allow students to come up with their own project designs so that they will learn how to use their creativity in order to benefit themselves, but more importantly, how to benefit others. I've already seen so many younger people use their ideas to better help our environments and create less pollution in the homes of animals. I think our world can continue to improve and become a better place by the ideas that we come up using our creativity. 