Imagine being on break an a student has to to do a project on bird which can be very boring and not interesting. Now the student is confused about the concept of the essay and is starting to give up. So break is about to end in the student is not motivated at all to finish project. Now the student stressed and worried if he/she is going to finish or not. Summer projects should be student-designed because it is less stressful, students will be more organized, and it will teach students how to be independent.

First students will be more focused on the project because it is coming from the students perspective and not assigned from a teacher. This can also help students with being more responsible. For an example a person is working and your boss tells he/she to do something and that person do not do it. There is an big chance of that person getting fired because he/she did not do what they we're suppose to do. which can affect what they do in their life and can impacted the way they handle situation.

Second student will be more interested because students are designing the project other than just a teacher telling them what to do. This could also help with students being more organized when it comes to importuning things. For an example my friend was looking for an expensive pair of shoes that he put somewhere in his closet. But he can't find them in there because his closet is a complete mess. But if he was organized than he would not had lost them in his closet. This shows if your not organized then theirs a possibilities that you might misplace something thats importuning.

This can also teach students how to do things independent and do things alone.

This can show that students always not going to have someone to ask for help or someone to guide them. This is going to help them to find a way through because in life it is not going to always be easy. For an example, My dad was battling cancer and he had a lot of obstacles in his life but he always managed to fight threw the battle. Their we're times he was down but he always managed to pick himself up. This show that there is always going to be problems but just dont give up.

Finally students can now enjoy their break and not have to worry about the teacher with the uninteresting project. Summer projects should be student-designed because it is less stressful, students will be more organized, and it will teach students how to be independent. 