Driverless cars are some what useful for us because maybe elder people want to go out and they don't have anyone to take them. The teenagers may get bored of just sitting there and not drive, but the older people wont because they could relax. It could be useful either way, maybe some teens would like it because they enjured something, they wouldn't be able to drive now but they could if we had driverless cars. In the passage "Driverless Cars Are Coming" they said something about putting something in the car to entertain them and making sure they keep their heads up at all times. Just because there is driverless cars coming soon doesn't mean that people can just drive them around whenever they feel like it, its same as being a car when you have control. You still have to watch out and go the speed limit, you can't take it and sleep when it's driving.

Over the past years cars have developed a lot. Now there are cars that you can turn on while you're still in the house, some cars have wifi, you can turn the heat on, and open doors before you get to the car. People want what is new so they can show something off but they don't show off the problems they could have with the car. Now they are making this new thing where a car can drive you around itself without you having to take control? Have they thought about the car accidents that could happen? Or how it could injure someone? This will take more responsibility than what a driver has now.

Would there have to be any test taking for those who want their permit or license? How do you know if they are capable of being in control over those things? Having the cars we have now are good enough. Those who want a driverless cars should still capable of doing the things they do now with a regular car. Senors will still be in the cars, if adding them to the new cars that would make it better for the person and the car.

They want to know who would be responsible for an accident? Well it would be the persons fault. If they aren't looking at the road because they were distracted by something else than that could be bad. They should be able to take control when they see something bad is about to happen.

Now if the driverless cars come with speaking instructions that could make things better because you can tell it what to do. If there is traffic and your vechile is going to fast you should be able to tell it to slow down.

Whether they're or no driverless cars people should always be safe while driving. They should always have their eyes on the road and be able to look to their right and left to make sure it is clear to move over. With this coming out people probably think it will be safer or dangerous. They should put things to entertain them so they can be focused on the road instead of their phones. People should still have to take the driving test with their control.