Asking for opinions and advice from multiple people, helps one gain perspective. By asking of another's opinion, one can base their opinion off what they have heard, or know. Another reason why seeking a range of people's advice is a better choice than just hearing one opinion is, one can determine the best method for them self, or to check if something is valid.

Perspective allows one to hear stronger, usually more opinionated parts of the problem. For example, if a student were to talk to a math teacher versus an civics teacher about which subject is most important for middle school, the math teacher would likely say math is the most important subject, while the civics teacher would say civics is most useful subject. If we looked from either one of the teachers perspective, we would easily identify on of the main causes of the biased.

The math teacher chose math as the most important middle school subject immediately, this is because they have spent more time studying and have learned more than what is necessary to graduate college, and have grown to love math. The civics teacher would do the same for civics because they have learned more than most others in civics and have grown more attached to the subject.

By listening to both teachers opinions, the student is a to better determine which subject they believe is more important in middle school.

When hearing advice from another, one can determine the best suited method for them self, by checking the validity of what a person said. An example would be, if a patient is unsure if they need braces, and as a result they talk to multiple dentists. The patient can use all the information to determine which dentist is best for them by putting what all the dentists said together.

If Dr. One, says the patient needs braces for 6 months, but Dr. Two says the patient needs braces for a year and a half, the patient is likely to see a third dentist. Dr. Three says something completely different, that she needs no braces, with no evidence, so the patient knows the orthodontist is untrustworthy. However, Dr. Four confirms the patient will need braces for a year in a half so the patient knows both Dr. Two and Dr. Four are their best options because they agree.

By asking so many professionals whether the patient needs braces or not, the patient can ensure they get the best care for their teeth.

The method of asking many people for their advice helps people look at perspective and detect biased. By doing this, one can find the most helpful, accurate advice or answer possible. This helps one gain their own perspective and opinions based on what they have learned from others.