Dear Principle,

I do think that all students should be required to perform community service. I think that all students need to participate in helping out where they live. I think that students should only have to do it once every four or five months or so. I think that you should be able to pick your community service, such as if you like to help with kids, help out at an elementary school, or pre-school . If you like to play sports, you should be able to pick helping out with community sports, like soccer or basketball.

I think if all students have to do community service, it will make it a better community, and people will be more involved. But, i don't think you should have to do community service all the time, because i think that students will get sick of it doing it a lot of times. There should be a lot of options you have to pick from while doing community service. Students should not be forced to something they don't want to do, like if they don't like school you shouldn't make them do tutoring for there community service.

I think if you have students do it only on occasions, they would enjoy it, and look forward to d doing it more. Maybe if you do it twice a year, then it will be something for the students to look forward too. They might like it better because they only have to do it on occasions, not all the time.

Helping out your community is very important. A lot of people or places need the community service. They need help with kids stuff, and cleaning up your community. It will make the students think more about helping out there community, and maybe make them want to do it more often. But then again, a lot of people might not want to do it. I think for people who actually participate and really help out with the community service, they should get a little reward. They should get extra credit in a class or something, because people who aren't participating shouldn't get rewarded for not doing anything.

That is what i think about having community service required in our school. I think that students should only have to do it time to time, not once a month ore week. I think that students should be-able to pick what they want to do for community service, not have the principle, or somebody else pick. I think that having community service be required is a good idea. I think it will really change the way the town it.

STUDENT_NAME.