The Eletoral College should stay because this has been the system that has been used for years in the united states and i dont think that it would be respectful to the ones that have been choosen by this system. Most of the people who dont like this system of voting will most likely say that we the people dont really know any thing about who we are voting and that most of us who are voting for someone are just voting for them just because we have heard good thinds about them. I'm not going to lie and say that none of the people who do get to vote are all voting because they know their stuff about the candidates, but some of us who do know about the candidates and how they are working should not lose the right to vote for who ever we would like. If we dont get to vote for who we like and believe is better then what type of country are we.

If all of the states would have same electoral vote then things would be harder because we mostly at some point will have a tie this would cause major problems but since every state has a different number it is not likely that both candidates will end up with the same number of votes. Another reason people dont like this system is because most states have a winner takes all system where they dont spilt up the elector votes if most of the votes are for one candidate then he will get all of the votes from that state. This causes lots of people to rage on the Electoral college because they feel that the state is taking there right to vote and to be different.

The other good thing about Eletoral college is that no certain region can win a election so this makes candidates campaign in states that they no they can win. This also is something that people do not like because for example when the canidates were Obama and Romney and lets say he put alot of his campaigns in new york this would cause the new yorkers who are going with Obama to get mad and start to protest because they arent see anything from Obama so they might turn to the next candidate. This actually helps because when people favor someone this makes it even harder for a tie to happen in the election.

Many of the people who are going agaist say that we are not voting for a president that we are voting for a slate of electors. This is true but if we are voting for electors that are going to vote for the president that we would like its  just like voting for the president there is not difference. Some people who are going agaist Elector college use this to trick people and make them go agaist it but if you know about Elector College this wont happen.

Elector College should not be taken away in any matter because this is the easiest, best, and oldest way that we have of picking the new leaders for our country.                                       