Computers don't have emotions, but you do! Imagine technology that seriously works for you, not only at home but also in the classroom! If technology could accurately read human facial expressions the learning possibilities could be endless. For example, think about that one story that you're forced to read that you just can't understand and brings out all your frustrations, with facial expression recognition you probably will never be so frustated again. The use of technology to read the emotional expressions of the students in a classroom is unbelievably valuable.

Technology in the classroom has already begun to advance rapidly with educational websites such as ; Google Classroom, Edulastic, Khan Academy,and Mathia. The facial recognition technology could enhance a students comprehension to maximum potential. In the passage " Making Mona Lisa Smile" the author states in paragraph 6 line 6,"A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,"Dr Huang predicts."then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor.",this kind of technology can possibly boost testing score and even help children falling behind instead of holding them back another year. The text also states in paragraph 6 line 10 that ;"Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communcation,"notes Dr. Huang.". This example actually explains alot of real world issues in the classroom, such as the fact that some students refuse to even try to communicate their confusion or boredom in the classroom so then they often disengage in the lesson and miss every part that would be essential to reaching standards created by the state.

Many parents or administrators may not agree that this sounds real or possible, but the logic is right before our eyes. In the text the author states how the technology performs the task of reading emotional appeals. For example, in paragraph 3 line 1 the author says,"The process begins when the com puter constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. Movement of one or more muscles is called an "action unit". So apparently this process goes beyond just looking at the face,but actually looking for the movements in facial muscles. The author also talks about the muscles that present certain emotions such as the ; the muscles above your eyes (frontalis oars lateralis) raise when you're surprised,the muscles around your mouth (orbicularis oris) tightens your lips when you're angry, and more. This shows that the computer breaks facial expressions down to a science.

So now what do you think? Computers advance more and more everyday, however facial recognition may just be the beginning. Learning in classroom has become based on all technology in many different forms. Facial tachnology will broaden our horizons with better test scores and happier students that can understand the material evn better than before! The use of technology to read the emotional expressions of the students in a classroom could be a life changing improvement in the 21st century since every student has different wants and needs as far their education.