Schools are not only about learning math, English, science and history. Schools are also about learning how to interact with other people, and if a student does not attend school they will be behind those who do. I think online classes would not benefit students in the social aspect of life and in performance in academics.

During anyone's time in school whether it is a private school or a public school they encounter other students which helps develop social skills which are important to survive in the real world. The online schooling would not only make those who take it feel like their alone but it will make their adult life far more difficult. In the real world, future adults will have contact with a lot of people and students who had an interaction with other students will have an easier time doing so in their adult life. Unlike kids who spent their time in a room all by themselves learning, they will have to adapt to having interactions with other people. For example if a student who took the online classes in a future job had to present something for his boss, the student would have a difficult time getting his point across to other people because of the missing interaction with other people during their developmental years. Now if a student who attended school with other people did this it would be much easier for them because they would know how to talk to others and get their point across.

Another reason is that some kids learn better with others. Sure there may be the usual kid that does not want to be around other people but there's not many of them. For example my friends and I enjoy coming to school because we see each other and also because it has a sense of competition in terms of who has the better grades. I think when other kids are around and doing better than you it makes you want to try harder. Second if a student you sat next to in math class or in history was doing better than you in your mind you would say, oh i want to be like that, making you want to try harder and ultimately do better in school. In any competition teams push themselves to the limit, whether its a race, the final of a championship game or the last play in the game, teams try their hardest because the other team is doing so as well. Students will do that too, but they need other students to compete with which would not happen in online school.

The last reason why online schooling from home would not benefit a student is because they will simply skip the class. No matter who you are, you have your lazy moments. You have those moments where you just don't want to do anything, these moments usually happen at the comfort of your own home. Times like this are easily avoided by attending school, the student wakes up in the morning gets ready, walks to their bus stop and off they go to school. A student who has class at home may or may not forget about their class or even worse know they have it and decide not to do it because they are at home. There is no choice in whether you will go to school today or not, most of the time it's a yes, your parents say you have to go to school and that is what you have to do. Online classes can be avoided if the student just does not do it. Students are supervised in school at all times whether its administration during lunch, or by a teacher in class. Who is going to supervise the student at home? if a parent is home they might do it but if there is no parent it's up to the student to make that decision and its usually a I am too tired to do this.

Online school may be only fit for a certain amount of students. For example students who work or live too far from a school may be able to benefit from doing it, but the majority of kids would not. Online school has its wins but it is also very faulty. It can be easily be avoided by lazy students, it can have a big impact in the future of the student and it can have an change performance in a bad way. Therefore most students will not benefit from online school and it will slow them down.