While almost everyone owns and uses a mobile device, using them while behind the wheel of a vehicle should be prohibited.

While mobile devices are useful in everyday life, they are hazardous and in some cases deadly when a vehicle is involved. Devices cause distractions that can put not only the driver of the vehicle at risk but also those inside the vehicles, and the people all around the car. Distracted driving is one of the most dangerous types of driving and according to Edger Snyder & Associates, "the use of cell phones while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes every year" (Edgar Snyder & Associates "Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving"). The sheer amount of crashes involving the use of mobile devices is shocking, and this is one of the main reasons that the use of any kind of device should be not allowed while behind the wheel of a vehicle.

Although a crash may not seem that bad, some of these crashes result in many deaths and injuries. In a 2018 study from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, it states that distracted driving claims over 2,841 lives (Andrew. currin. ctr@dot. gov 2020). These numbers represent not only the drivers, but also include their passengers and any pedestrians who have died as a result of the negligence and recklessness of drivers distracted by mobile devices. The dangers that distracted drivers place not only themselves but also those around them is completely unnecessary. The dangers not only lie on the road but they also extend to after the crash takes place.

One of the other major issues that distracted drivers face is the financial costs incurred after the initial wreck. The people that suffer the most financial damage are the drivers, followed by their passengers, and then pedestrians involved in the accident. Some reason drivers suffer the most is because they are left paying for the damages to the cars and for personal injuries, not to mention their insurance premiums potentially increase. The passengers and pedestrians suffer because of bodily injuries and potential long term recuperation. While they likely do not have to pay for vehicle damages, if severe enough, injuries prevent them from performing their day to day activities and work functions, which may leave them unable to work and without money to survive. The law office of Tavss Fletcher states that "the average cost for each death in a motor vehicle accident is $1,130,000" and "each nonfatal disabling injury is $61,600" ("The Price Paid for Automobile Accidents and Injuries"). So the cost for the accident far outweighs the risk of texting or calling while they are driving, not to mention the potential risk of injury not only for themself but for everyone involved in the accident.

On top of the financial and physical pain these types of accidents cause, there is also the emotional pain of the victims and the victim's families. When a victim survives and they are injured, they can't immediately go back to work, school, or their normal lives. They need to go to physical rehabilitation which causes strain on everyone involved. Along with this, there are mental disorders that develop after the crash, one of which is depression. According to the Myers Law Firm "Some physical injuries limit victims' ability to work, exercise, and enjoy day-to-day activities like playing with their children. If you're suddenly unable to partake in activities that you used to enjoy because of pain or a debilitating injury, it's no surprise you may become depressed" (Myers Law Firm 2020). The victims may have difficulty adjusting to a new "normal" caused by injuries. These injuries may have caused a lack of mobility or body function, which hinders them from enjoying typical family or personal activities. Things they loved to do in the past that could be spontaneous or done in a few minutes now require extra time and planning to accomplish. Another mental illness that could develop is Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). PTSD may make going back to their normal day to day lives very difficult. Often time people involved in wrecks will have flashbacks about it, sometimes triggered by being in a car, being near the wreck site or something completely unrelated. Not only is the physical and financial cost of such an accident steep, but the mental toll has a hefty cost.

Aside from the mental, physical, and financial sides of the argument there is also the legal side of it. Many states are starting to realize the dangers of distracted driving and are prohibiting it, and if anyone is caught they will either be fined or sentenced to serve in jail for a short time. One example of a state that has made using a mobile device while behind the wheel of a vehicle is Georgia. The hands-free law states that "A driver cannot have a phone in their hand or use any part of their body to support their phone...A driver may not write, send or read any text messages, e-mails, social media or internet data content"("Hands-Free Law"). The states understand that the use of mobile devices while operating a vehicle is dangerous, and they are starting to enforce that they need to get it under control.

The use of a mobile device should not be allowed while driving a vehicle. Some states are moving to make it illegal. The accidents cause high financial damage which supports the reasoning of the states to make it illegal. The many deaths, physical injuries and emotional strain that if inficts far outweighs any possible need for using a phone. The final reason that states are making it illegal to drive distracted is because of the high amount of crashes that it causes. It is because of all these factors that the use of mobile devices while behind the wheel of any vehicle should be completely and utterly prohibited.

Works Cited

Andrew. currin. ctr@dot. gov. "U Drive. U Text. U Pay." NHTSA, 6 Mar. 2020, www. nhtsa. gov/risky-driving/distracted-driving.

"Hands-Free Law." Heads Up Georgia, www. headsupgeorgia. com/handsfree-law/.

Myers Law Firm. "The Top 3 Mental Health Issues Victims Face After a Car Accident." Myers Law Firm, 25 Jan. 2020, www. myerslegal. com/the-top-3-mental-health-issues-victims-face-after-a-car-accident.

"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgarsnyder. com, Edgar Snyder & Associates, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html.

"The Price Paid for Automobile Accidents and Injuries." Tavss Fletcher, www. tavss. com/library/va-nc-lawyer-economic-and-comprehensive-auto-accident-costs. cfm.               