" How village people get education "

A village have a school and they are diside learning the people, they offer for distance learning. They do meeting for that and everybody agree for that. After few week start the class. Some students visit every where and they try to teach to viliage peoples and attend to them. They think village peoples learning everything . What they are need?

I think"yes" students would benefit from being able to atted classes from home.

My first reason is some village have or had no one go to school. They just doing hard work. One day some peoples visit this village and they deside. They will be teach to them. Then, they are start the classes . Some people think it's crazy. When everybody learning they know it's good for everybody. They takeing online or video class for how they are makeing graden? how they are growing up? how they can't do hard work? First issue is how they thing about that?

My second reason is I think the peoples they don't doing any study they will be face the any problems. This why they need to study. some people thing study is bad thing of life. How we solve this problem? The people teach to them many things for examples:

1. Girls under 18 they don't get the married.

2. how control the birth?

3. They are need a nice future.

4. Boys and Girls need the education.

My third reason is I resoonse for the reasons because whole world peoples need the good educaton or genertion of future. Because who didn't get study they no how can talk to peoples. I agree for that because peoples need the educatoin. The village people now go to school and they send to child in school. They students help to them everything what they need to every daily life.

My conculation is one second, one minute, one day, one months,and one year peoples need the study or education. Because people don't get study the will be get poor. I'm agree with this school they deside good idea for the village peoples. The learning is don't finish because will leaning every day some thing new. Study can't be finished when you will be die. Also, they need to do how the students teach to them and how they are learning.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             