Summer break is a time for everyone to decompress and relax after a long school year. Projects over break are stressful, especially teacher-designed ones. Breaks should be spent having fun and spending time with family/friends. Students work their butts of enough during the year and shouldnt have to do that over summer. Summer projects should be student-designed because it'll give students a chance to make the project chill, it will allow more independence for the students, and it will have a better chance of making the students summer adventurous.

The one thing students ask of the most would be a laid back summer. Because of all the stress they endure during the year, students want a bit of time to reflect and relax. If students make their own projects they could make it very simple. Most may think of that as taking a shortcut through life, but in reality they do enough work as it is in school. If teachers made the projects, chances are they'd want to challenge the students a lot. When projects are teacher-designed students are less likely to complete it. To add on students wouldn't want to ruin their schedule with a boring project that their teacher designed; they'd want their project to be less time consuming during break.

One key factor for students is a sense of independence. Students are growing older and majority of them want to do tasks on their own. Doing their own projects would give them that freedom. The project could also be a way for them to boost their confidence in what they are capable of doing. It would be a great way for them to see how being independent with certain things is like. Student-designed projects may be a way for students to teach themselves responsibility. It would give them a greater aspect of being able to deal with time management skills. Furthermore they wouldn't be relying on their teachers for specific things such as: making a due date, setting up the project, making specific directions, etc.

Most students enjoy exploring over summer; and what better way to do it than through a project. Student-designed projects would allow students to create it however they want. Even if it's a group project or even one where they'd need to actually go somewhere. Teachers wouldn't make it all that interesting, they'd just add a few things to make it "fun" but not to where a student would get excited. If students want more time with friends and family, they could add things into the project to make that happen. Teachers are known as the "fun killers", so students would get the chance to take matters into their own hands and fix that.

Overall people may think teacher-designed projects are better because of teachers "knowing what they are doing", but that is not always true. It is good to let students take over sometimes. It is also a great way for teachers to see the potential for their students. Student- designed projects can show one's creativity and imagination. Teachers don't always get to see that side of students during the year. To conclude it all students should be able to design their own projects to attain their independence, add some adventure to their break, and gain a relaxing summer break.                                                                  