Dear TEACHER_NAME

I've heard about the situation on the community service idea. But is it really our choice to choose for other people? Shouldn't the students have a voice on there own opinion wether they do community service. Or even if the whole school does community service. Our school should have a vote on this situation so that our school will come to an understanding. Some of the students believe that the community service wastes there time. While others believe that it is good for our community and will help our country in the long run. Our school will be chaos if we do not solve our problems now. To me I don't think community service would be bad for us. It's not like its going to kill us. But we need to let our school vote on the situation or else there will be people saying that the choice was one sided and was not fair. If we let the kids vote we will not be accused of anything and the decision will be made at the same time. As a student i believe that you will choose what is right after you have read this letter. But really think about this decision you are making. Either way some kids will like you're decision and others will hate it. But you can't run away from the situation you have to make a decision or else it will never end. I know that you are a new principal but you are the new leader of the school. Whatever decision you make certain kids might not like it but they will follow you no matter what. Once an "Eagle" always an "Eagle". But to me I think we shouldn't be doing community service. That is more of a personal decision a person makes for themselves. And it wont help with our curricular activities. But there can be a compromise to help with this situation. We can start a club for students after school where they can go do any kind of community service. That way everybody's happy and there will no arguments.

I also think that middle school kids shouldn't be handling elementary children. We are not certified and do not have a license. Some of the students might also not know C.P.R.. Which eigth graders are learning C.P.R. and are learning the techniques to help anyone. Knowing C.P.R. can decide wether a child lives or dies. I mean everybody knows that kids in elementary school like to chew on toys and sometimes don't chew there food all the way and they start to choke. The middle school children if they don't know C.P.R. they will be scared and will not know what to do. That's why i feel a middle school child should not be handling a elementary child by themselves. The only way that they should be allowed to do so is that they have the child's parent or an adult they know to help watch the child so nothing goes wrong.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME

TEACHER_NAME

8th grade