Yes, the use of Facial Action Codying Stystem would be very useful for students in the classroom. Not only can this technology detect when a student is confused or bored, but it can change the lesson to grab the students' attention again, or to explain it in an another way. Along with this, this technology could introduce a lot more job intrest, hobby intrest, or just pure intrest among students. Lastly, this technology would be beneficial to students because it would give us a reason to be taught about the science of emotion, we could learn and go more into depth about our basic human body and mind and how easy emotions can show.

This technology can change lessons for kids who aren't understanding, or are just completley bored of the material being shown. This can greatly change a students grades from bad to good, along with make them look forward to coming to your class or school in general. From paragraph 6 the author stated, "A classroom computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused or bored." Ending the conversation with, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instuctor." Another point which dosn't relate to the fact of changing around lessons for a student would be also in paragraph 6,"...if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different." This technology can overall make a students lesson, web browsing, and understanding of materal a lot easier and it could greatly improve their work.

Secondly, the FACS can show students a different range of technology that is fairly new. It could show some kids something they may be passionate for but never knew of, it could be a possible job intrest, a new hobby interest, anything at all. The people using this technology are doing so many things, "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face;" So they're not only using 3-D software but also, "Using video imagery, the new emotion-recongnition software tracks these facial movements." The people who are specializing in doing this kind of technology, are branching out in very large, and impactful ways. Many students could be interested in doing this, and sometimes if it's not in school and they don't hear of it. They can never find it.

Lastly, having this technology in our school would give us a reason to talk about the basic science of emotion. We can learn about our human bodies and why emotion is displayed so easily, and how it's displayed as well. "According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them." Our faces can move in multiple ways depending on the emotion we feel, as shown in paragraphs 7-8. Why does it do this? This technology can give us a valid reason to talk about the science of emotion more, and we can learn more about this as students or even as teachers.

Finally, either it be the fact that a lesson can be changed based off of if a student is bored or confused. Or that having this technology can show students a wider range of possible job choices, hobby choices, or just learning more about something out of pure intrest. Or lastly, because having this technology around us gives us a reason to talk about the science of emotion in depth. This technology could be extreamly useful, and impactful on students, if the software being used is good and has been shown to be correct. This could be a very good thing to have in schools that our students can use and to possibly even learn about. 