Driverless Cars

Driverless cars are coming in the future. In the future, no one will probably need to buy cars because they won't need them. According to Google cofounder Sergey Brin, that will happen. He sees a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public- transport taxi system. The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. There are many great things about driveless cars, but there are some bad things as well.

Driverless cars are really beneficial. Driverless cars have way more senors and alerts than regular cars. For example, if the car is about to back up into an object, the driver's seats will vibrate to let you know. Also, within the past 10 years, sensors on the driverless cars have become way more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone.

Driverless cars are also very safe to use. The cars can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mile per hour, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. Even though the word "driverless" may scare you, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. Which means you are still somewhat in control of the car. The cars may be able to steer, accelerate and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. The driver must stay alert and be ready to take over when the time comes. The car can quickly get the driver's attention whenever a problem occurs. GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. Other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other heads-up displays. Basically, while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. (Paragraph 7)

Driverless cars are going to become the next big thing. They won't just become beneficial to you, but everyone else as well. The cars would only use half the fuel that today's taxi use. Which is a huge deal because we as a whole, we use a lot of fuel. Also, it will offer more flexibility than a bus. Just imagine that. Google cofounder Sergey Brin believes these such cars would fundamentally change the world, and everyone else should believe that too. (Paragraph 1)

Some people may agrue that letting a car be in control is just absurb. You never know what the car might do. It could end up causing you to end up in a wreck, or maybe it won't slow down and the brakes won't work. Even though you are alert, what can you do if something goes wrong? Nothing. If the car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves there is not a whole lot you can do to stop it. You just never know with a driverless car. You are putting yourself ar risk while you are in the car because you are not 100% in control of the car and that is not safe.

In conclusion, driverless cars are very safe and have major benefits. Some people may be scared of letting a car be in a control, instead of them being in control of the car. But no one should have nothing to worry about. As long as you stay alert, you should be fine. Even though the car can do many things by itself, it still sends you heads up when it needs your assistance. Driverless cars coming very soon in the near future. Try them and see how they are.