Dear Senator,

The process of voting through the Electoral College was established in the Constitution by our founding fathers.  While some say that the Electoral College goes against America's democratic ideals and it increases the probability for a disastrous vote, the Electoral College still gives Ameican citizens some sway in the election and with a completely democratic system of voting there is a good chance that the outcome could be even more disastrous.  The Electoral college is a compromise of voting between citizens and the government, it represents the people as evenly as it can, and it still gives voters a collective chance to change the outcome of an election.

One reason that the Electoral college works so well is that it is not completely run by the people or run by the government.  Rather both are part of the voting process, having equal representation.  While democracy is highly regarded in America, it would be unwise to have a vote completely run by the people.  The government needs to have some system in place that gives citizens a vote, but not complete free reign.  If the people of America voted and the election outcome was disastrous, then the government needs to have a scapegoat in place.  The founding fathers understood this which is why the Electoral College is still in place today.

The Electoral College does not give a single voter a chance to sway an election, however America's population as a whole is represented.  Not one region or state has enough electoral votes to elect a president (Par 19 and 21).  This is a good thing because canidates pay equal attention to all of America's people.  Also, in the Electoral College, not every state has the same amount of electoral votes because every state has a different population size.  This might seem like unequal representation of that states, but the election is not meant to give each state an equalized vote, it is meant to give the population of america an even representation.

Swing states give America's people a chance to decide an elections outcome.  In swing states the voters are very thoughtful about their canidates because they know that in the their case, that their vote really does count (par 20).  It is good to have voters who are very thoughtful and catious about their vote.  The Electoral Colleges encourages this type of behavior among citizens by giving voters a chance to sway an  election in swing states.  Swing states can impact an election.  They are an example of how the Electoral College, while still not completely democtratic, still gives the people a vote.

Through the Electoral College America's population is represented, the government and it's citizens have equal representation, and American people can still impact the outcome of an election.  The founding fathers of America thought of this while they created the foundation that our country proudly stands on.  The Electoral College should stay as it is.  It still works effectively to decide on who will become president.  As long as the College works effectively, then ther should be no issue with it.    