For the past few hundred years, school systems have consisted of one specific format, where students go to a place of learning and are taught by teachers. But now, with easier access to better technology, this school system is changing. Some schools are offering distance learning as an option to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. This new system has gained both positive and negative attention. Although many say that distance learning encourages laziness and creates a communication barrier between students and others, distance learning is in fact beneficial to the student, for learning at home helps to block out the other distractions that come with school, making learning a more stress-free, focused, and effective process.

However, many argue that the student would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home, for distance learning would encourage laziness and create a communication barrier between students and others. Understandably, these points are legitimate, for the student could easily choose not to join the online conference to their class, for no teacher could force them to go to their next class. But this is just the same concept as skipping class. A student has their own free will, and may choose whether they go to their class or not, or whether they attend their video conference to their class as well. Laziness is not encouraged by distance learning, but instead students have the choice to either attend their video conference or not, just as they have the choice to attend their class at a normal school as well: there is no major difference between these methods of skipping class. Many also point to a communication barrier between the students and their peers and teacher. However, the technology today of online and video conferences, such as Skype, can offer both auditory and visual interaction between the student and others. It's exactly like a classroom setting, with the only difference being that the student isn't physically there. In the future, with even more and more technological advances, these virtual interactions will become even more effective. Distance learning would also help to block out the other distractions that come with school.

Distance learning would help get rid of the other distractions that come with going to school, such as a student's social life. The main purpose of school has always been one goal: to educate the student and teach them how to learn. But inside schools many distractions are present. The social life of a student, whether that be talking to another student during class, or interactions in the hallway, has become a huge distraction to learning. However, with distance learning, these distractions would be eliminated. Of course, at-home learning will open up the possibility of home distractions, but the number of distractions will certainly be less than the number of distractions at school. With this removal of distractions, a new focus on learning is produced, one that is much more stress-free.

A more stress-free learning experience, due to the removal of school-related distractions, would make the process of learning much more effective for the student, fulfilling the main goal of schools: to educate the student and teach them how to learn. Stress due to school has become a major problem in our school systems. Students staying up until the early hours of the morning to do homework is an example. However, what students don't know, is that if the distractions of school are eliminated, by learning at home through online or video conference, they would be much more focused and would feel comparably less stressed as they go about their schoolwork. Being less stressed would make learning a more enjoyable, fulfilling experience, and would be much more effective for the student.

Learning at home helps to block out the other distractions that come with school, making learning a more stress-free, focused, and effective process. With the process of learning becoming more effective, students would be able to learn at unprecedented rates and would be ready to tackle the problems of our world. Because isn't that the whole point of education, and more specifically school? To educate the student and teach them how to learn, so that one day, when the students are making decisions that will not only impact themselves but the whole world, they will be ready and willing to take on these challenges.