"All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change" (Rosenthal source 1) said Transportation of America official David Goldberg in Elisabeth Rosenthal's article "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars." With air pollution, smog, and greenhouse gas emissions rising all around the world, officials have announced that cars are to blame. With this, many are resorting to making changes in their communities by offering alternate means of transportation and bringing homes and stores closer together. The advantages of limiting car usage include fuel will no longer pollute the air, alternate transportation is available and cheaper, and it would enforce goodwill and communionship.

To begin, a benifit of limiting our car usage is fuel pollutes the air by circulating green house gasses that can cause a dangerous enviroment to form and by limiting cars we limit this pollution. With President Obama's issue to decrease the amount of air pollution caused by cars, many have realized that car usage is not as common as it used to be. If the number of cars on the road continues to deplete- "and many sociologists believe it will-it will have benificial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants" (Rosenthal source 4) says Rosenthal in her article "The End of Car Culture." By keeping track and trying to deplete the time you spend driving your car the trend of putting air pollution to an end will increase.

Additionally, a benifit of limiting our car usage is being able to use the cheaper and more efficient alternate means of transportation. By using alternate means of transportation such as buses, trains, and car pooling services you are saving gas money and supporting community business'. There is a rise in car pooling that has "facilitated more flexable commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work" (Rosenthal source 4) says Rosenthal. As these changes manifest many people are chosing not to switch back to driving themselvs.

Finally, a benifit of limiting our car usage can be found in the better communionship that will result as cities will make their stores closer together and communities more closley knit. In Bogota, Colombia people are practicing "car-free days" and relying solely on public transportation. As this happens author of article "Care-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota," Andrew Selsy, says "parks and sports centers [are] bloom[ing] throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up" (Selsky source 3). Other places implementing car-free districts will never hear the roars of engines drowning out the chirping of the birds or childrens laughter. Infact, stores and public transportation is stratigically placed a walking distance away thus promoting social and physical benifits (Rosenthal source 1).

The advantages of limiting car usage include fuel will no longer pollute the air, alternate transportation is available and cheaper, and it would enforce goodwill and communionship. With greenhouse gasses rapidly circulating and polluting the globe it would be acceptional to decrease this by not driving as often. Furthermore, by using alternate transportation such as car pooling or taking a bus money is saved on gas and car repairs. Finally, goodwill and good social habits would increase as towns would become more closley knit as everything would only be a walk away. With this it we should limit our car usage to "save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve saftey" (Rosenthal source 4).

Work Cited:

Duffer, Robert. "Paris Bans Driving Due to Smog."

Chicago Tribune . Chicago Tribune, 2014. Print. 10 February 2015.

Rosenthal, Elisabeth. "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars."

New York Times . New York Times Company, 2009. Print. 10 February 2015.

Rosenthal, Elisabeth. "The End of Car Culture."

New York Times . New York Times Company, 2013. Print. 10 February 2015.

Selsky, Andrew. "Car-free Day is Spinning Into a Big Hit in Bogota."

Seattle Times . The Seattle Times Company, 2002. Print. 10 February 2015.                 