The Electoral College is "unfair,outdated,and irrational". if the Electoral College is unfair why should should the U.S keep this process in our goverment? who really knows? But on the other hand popular votes is a great way to keep voteing fair and rattional to the U.S citizens.

First of all,their are many reasons popular votes are way more usefull and fair then the Electoral College, say one canidate gets 80 percent of the U.S votes but the other candiate wins because of Electoral College vote it just makes no sense. a large anount of americans are considering the Electoral College vote the diaster factor the reasons for that their are many to say such as unfair,outdated,and irrational and much more."it can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a canidate who has no hope of of carrying their state". that qute demostrates how some people dont even vote because the Electoral College gives no hope to some potential voters.

Second of all,popular votes are more logical and sensefull then other voting stratigies. to most ameriacns it just makes more sense to use popular voteing procsess then the Electoral College because they actaully have say in the potential president. if potential voters are not voteing because the Electoral College then why have it?" the Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in wich no canidate recevies a majority of the votes" this quote explains how canidates can not get majority rule over the other canidate. Electoral College should be replaced with majority rule.

On the other hand, Electoral College avoids the run-off elections,"the Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate receives a majority of the votes cast"this quote  explains how Electoral College makes the voteing process easier and has less pressure on canidates and voters. also the Electoral College restores some of the weught in the polyical balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apprtioment of the senate decreed in the constitutuion.

last,popular votes/majority rule are in all a better way of voteing in the U.S because of the fairness and rights the U.S citizens all deserve,yes the Electoral College votes are easier but in the end who really wins? noboby does.    