Dear principal,

I think all students should have a certain amount of hours on community service to do each week. Even if some kids say they are busy they should have to get the hours in for a grade. Most students these days don't help out enough or anything and they need to learn how to help up the community so when they get older they can volunteer to do something like help the community out. I am a student and i think they should make kids to community service not just by kids volunteering i think they should make everyone do it and not by getting in trouble by the cops neither.

They should have it as if you fail any of your classes you get more community service and then if you don't get the community service is results in bigger punishment. They should net let students bring cell phones to school because it is a distraction from class and that results in bad grades. Another thing is when you go home your parents should check you to see if you have any homework instead of asking the student because most of the time they will say no because they do not want to do the homework or and wanna do something else instead of homework.

I think the school should have uniforms because people cant make jokes on someone else because of what they are wearing. My old school we had to wear uniforms so no-one really made jokes on them for what they are wearing. Its worse to bring a cell phone to school because when you bring it to school its a distraction from class and if you where to be texting in class and get caught and the teacher wants to take your phone sometimes a student will refuse and that will get them more in trouble or the student will give them the cell phone but throw the teacher a attitude and if you are texting in the hallways and knock someone over or fall its your fault for texting in the hall ways they should of left the phone at home or put it in there lockers so they wouldn't get in trouble or i took. Kids should only need cell phone incase of a emergency and like someone gets kidnapped or break in the school the kids can call 911 if they are in trouble. And if someone crazy comes in to the room if a kid has a cell phone they can call the cops or someone for help.

From your friend STUDENT_NAME