The use of the facial software in class rooms could be a vital aspect in stopping and preventing tragedies such as school shootings,bullying,and possibly fights.

In todays society is a key element on being able to read people's emotion to be able to determine how to approach the said person. Many people are able to tell when a peer is angry pr sad but some people just have a blank face. The use of the software could help teachers understand their students,which in turn can help elaborate people's triggers and can lead to a better day."In fact, we humans perform this same impressive “calculation” every day.

For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face.

Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. Yet Dr. Huang observes that artists such as da Vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions.

His new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. Perhaps Dr. Huang’s emotion algorithms are a different sort of “Da Vinci Code”)"

A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,” Dr. Huang predicts. “Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.” The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive—for video games or video surgery. “Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication,” notes Dr. Huang. “So computers need to understand that, too.”Eckman has classified six basic emotions—happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness—and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. For example, your frontalis pars lateralis muscle (above your eyes) raises your eyebrows when you’re surprised; your orbicularis oris (around your mouth) tightens your lips to show anger.

In conclusion the software should be implemented in todays classrooms .Althoughyour home PC can’t handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa’s smile. 