The author suggests that studying Venus is worthy enough even though it is very dangerous. The author mentioned that on the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet . His solution to survive this weather that is dangerous to us humans is to allow them to float above the fray. A "blimp-like" vehicle hovering 30 or so miles would help avoid the unfriendly ground conditions . At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. So not easy conditions, but survivable enough for humans. So this would help make the mission capeable of completing.

He also mentions how peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penertrate the dense atmosphere making it hard to take photographs . They also cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. So many reaserchers are working on innovations that would allow their machines to last long enough to help gain some imformation of Venus.

They are working on other ways to study Venus such as simplified electrnics made of silicon carbide that have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface . So far they have lasted for 3 weeks in these conditions which is more than enough time hopefully for them to be able to grab enough information. Their other project that they are working on is using an old technology called mechanical computers. They are powerful, flexible, and quick. Systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.

He feels that studying Venus even though its dangerous is valuable because of the insight they could gain about the planet itself but also becuase "human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors."

I think the author supported his claim very well he explained why he thought it as nessary to go even though it is dangerous and he gave solutions to some of the dangers on Venus such as sollution to the heat and ways to actually help gain evicence and imformation on Venus.                 