Online learning is a controversial topic among traditional and modern educators. The rivalry between face to face classes and online classes is not necessary. Encouraging students to use their resources to learn in the best way for them is what is most important. All students have different learning abilities and strategies; some people struggle to abide by the strict school rules which takes away from their learning experience. Some may argue that learning through a computer cannot compete with traditional schooling, but there are significant benefits to both. Overall, providing online classes as an option for students opens the window to success.

It is obvious that almost every student has a different way of learning. Some people like to watch videos to grasp concepts. This is a resource that is not always available during school. While taking a course online, students have free range of the educational side of YouTube and the internet, which will benefit them. Other students need to write down a topic to comprehend it. This is a strategy that is available in school and during online classes, except while taking an online class, there is no rush to write something down as fast as you can to beat the bell. This can sometimes cause sloppiness and flaws. Many like to work in groups, while some prefer working alone. Group work is easier to achieve in regular school, but not impossible in an online class. Collaboration is prevalent in online classes as well. There is not one way to learn; likewise, there's not one way to teach. Online schooling provides options for students, which only betters the education system.

School systems have to make certain rules to keep their students safe, but sometimes the rules take away from learning. Online classes give students a chance to relieve themselves from the strict school rules, and focus on doing their best work. For example, while most students are cooped up in the same building all day, a student who is taking a course at their house can choose to complete their work outside. Working outside will stimulate the brain and can improve the results of the assignment. Yet, this is not an option in most schools. Online classes open up this opportunity for improvement among work environment. Another benefit to working at home is the availability of resources. In school, phones are not permitted. Because cell phones are the most used part of technology by students, they may be a good tool to use during education. The ability to take notes on cell phones is a benefit that comes with online schooling. For some, the rules are necessary to focus and complete tasks while staying safe. For others, the harsh rules are a setback. Online classes provide students with a valid way out if the school environment does not work for them.

There are still people who believe that online school cannot compare to traditional learning. Face to face education may seem to have an advantage over learning through a screen. However, there are many misconceptions about online classes. Although it may seem like the student is taking the class alone, there are always others enrolled at the same time. Many online courses require video chats or discussion boards between these students. This is still collaboration, even though it is not in person. It is necessary to collaborate with others in person and online. In this era, online communication is just as important and valid. Furthermore, students must create a balance between in person learning and online learning. Everyone should try out different things to see what works best for them. Sticking with one way of living leads people to stay stagnant in their progress. Although some argue against online classes, they are a necessary option so people can have a plethora of experiences.

The differences in education are what makes it beautiful. Every person should be able to voice what works for them and what doesn't. Educators should support these differences and encourage students to improve, even if it requires a different school system. If school rules or strict bell schedules are holding a student back from their highest potential, there is no reason they should stay there. Online schooling is a way for students to explore themselves. It may seem odd to traditional educators, but if everyone is open to it, then more students are given the opportunity to learn. Offering online courses will strongly benefit the education experience for many people.