Nine out of ten students always say that most projects should be based on what they want to do, so it is not as dull as doing a teacher assigned on a specific topic. Teachers do have some great ideas when it comes down to projects but some students can show more creativity when they can decide on the project they want to work on. Students also can learn more from a topic they chose for the project for that particular class because they go out to find more information about the topic they think they might enjoy. Summer projects should be student-designed because it shows more creativity, it shows their learning abilities, and it allows the student to pace themselves.

Showing creativity is a big factor when it comes down to projects because students always want to show their best work. When a teacher assigns a project their are usually some type of regulations they must follow for the project and you are only allowed to talk about specific topics. This for students does not allow for creativity because they will only follow what the teacher's checklists has so they can get the best grade possible. While yes, teachers usually assign projects so a student does not go off topic, but this can be easily fixed by simply showing some topics they can use but not forcing the topics on the students to use it and also allow students to find something about that topic or something that can relate to that topic. Student-designed projects allows the students to make the most effort out of the topic they chose because the student shows that is the topic the student wants to talk about it is like a sport most professional sports player do not play a sport they do not like. Players play a sport where the player can see the most effort from themselves or which sport allows the player to show the most creativity in that sport. Like Messi named as the best soccer player in the world because of his creativity with the ball and all the effort that is put into every game.

When it comes down to projects the teacher is always looking for what they learn from a project that student worked on but most students do not really learn well about the topic because the student did not want to learn about that topic it was given to them by the teacher. So, they will go on to just read something the student finds online and just copies most of the information about what that student read and make something similar. When a student is allowed to pick a topic they have to find information about that topic and will try harder to make it one of their better projects for themselves. While yes, the student can use online sources and copy information from that source but they will try harder to explain it in their own words because that is the top the student wanted to talk about and wants to make an effort to show what they are capable of doing when the student is allowed to pick an idea for their own project.

During a project a lot of planning ahead must come to mind the student will have to rush the projects as they would if it had deadlines for each couple of weeks. This allows the student to pace themselves and not feel that their project was rushed and they are not just putting all the work in one day. most students during projects tend to feel rushed because they feel they are not given enough time to do it while yes most students could still possibly finish the project last minute the overall feeling of planning ahead can help them to show hoe much work they put into the project everyday. A student tends to be a big procrastinator so when they pace themselves it allows the student to see if they can take a break for a day or not. When we look at adult projects they prepared to explain the topic because they plan accordingly and they pace themselves so they are not stressing out too much for their project.

While yes, a teacher-designed project may be good for a student, a student-designed project is much better because it can show people great creativity, it allows a student to learn better, and it allows the student to better prepare themselves. Most students tend to see that their designs help them more because it shows they put more effort into their projects to allow a teacher to see where they are at.