Required Essay

The average person uses their phone many times a day whether it be consciously or not, we as a people always have access to our own devices. The problem with people using their phone is when to use it and how to use it properly. When inside of a vehicle there should only be a bare minimum of use to your phone. Whether that reason would be an emergency call or even doing simple things like using the maps application. All in all, humans as a whole should be able to use their phones but only to an extent.

The use of a phone in a car could be proven to be fatal but there are good reasons to use said phone, only in certain situations. One of the reasons would be that to use your phone to get your way through areas you have no idea how to get through or using your phone to find your way home from a place you have no knowledge on. The downside is that when the person glances at the phone to see where to turn or make a specific move they lose the focus on the road for a split second which could be fatal. Sometimes the use of a phone all depends on what kind of person it is.

The person themselves also plays a big role in the use of cellphones in the car. The person could be a maniac when it comes down to how they use their phone, some people can't even live without it because they are so connected to it, for those specific people who have those kinds of issues when it comes down using their phones they should not be able to use their phone at all because they would then get distracted by the other uses. The amount of sheer will they would need to not get distracted by those other things would be entirely on them but in the mean time they should have no reason to use their phone.

Phones play a big role in people's lives and it even saves them sometimes but the use of a phone is dangerous when the person is distracted on their phone. A second could save them from a life threatening accident. The amount of people that are in car accidents that involve phones is 26% in 2014. When the person is using their phone they are putting themselves and other people at risk on the road. According to the National Safety Council, the use of cell phones when driving leads to 1.6 million crashes annually.

Texting while driving would be the biggest issue when it comes down to the use of a cell phone. According to the NHTSA, driving while texting is six times more dangerous than driving drunk. Also texting while driving is now the lead cause of teen deaths in the USA, more than 3000 teens die each year alone as a result of sending a test message to somebody while they are in the use of a car. The amount of consequences for just the use of a phone is just not enough, is the phone as important as the person's life? It should never come down to that question because your life is way more valuable than sending a text to someone while driving.                                                  