How does the Electoral College affect the selection of the presidency and is it a positive force? Many may answer "No." or "I don't know." to these questions, only doing such because that's what they've been or what they've heard others say. While many have negative feelings, or no feelings at all, towards the Electoral College, it is a very useful force in electing the President because of its certainty, its transregionality, and it lets "the most thoughtful voters" (Posner Source 3) decide the election.

Swings states let candidates to campaign where it really matters. Being a voter in a swing state means you have to have extra close attention to the campaigns and the candidates, leaving you to be more thoughtful than voters in states that aren't swing states. And in turn voters in these states will definitely receive "the most information and attention from the candidates" (Posner Source 2). Voters from these states at the end of the campaigns will no doubt be the most informed voters in the nation, giving them the right to decide the fate of the election for the future.

A successful president must be voted for across the regions of the United States to fufill the wants and needs of its diverse people. While popular voting can be skewed naturally to one region or another due to their preferences and populations, the Electoral College ensures that one region can't win a campaign alone. If the President was to win due to popular vote and only because of regional appeal, "residents of other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised..." (Posner Source 3) and that their president will not best represent everyone's interests.

The use of the Electoral College allows for a more certain winner over popular vote, therefore avoiding election crisis. Although there was one "fiasco" in 2000, as Bradford Plumer calls it in Source 2, the chance of this happening is very small since "even a very slight pulrality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state." (Posner Source 3) For example, in 2012, Obama recieved 61.7 percent of electoral vote while he recieved only 51.3 percent of the popular vote.(Posner Source 3). A 1.3 percent from a tie is much, much more close than the 11.7 percent that that the Electoral College gives us.

While some may still believe that the Electoral College is outdated and unneccesary, the usefulness of the swing states, its transregional approval system, and its certainty over popular voting proves it to be the best method of selecting our presidents for now and for the future.                    