In today's world, students are filled with many emotions, some too difficult for even parents to decode. The rollercoaster of feelings that a teenager endures in a day is confusing and complex. But with newly found technology, it may be easier now for the emotions of students' to be understood and assisted, if needed. The revolutionary Facial Action Coding System allows computers to scan and analyze the feelings of a human, alive or painted, and is a very valuable tool to comprehend student's emotional expressions. This highly advanced technology is able to serve a multitiude of purposes that will foster an improved learning environment for students.

Because of this new and itelligent technology, doctors and others are able to read emotions of people in a way never previously possible. This brilliant computer "constructs a 3-D computer model of the face" (3). including all major muscles. With the ability to do so, this computer scans and creates a human face and, based on the position of the muscles, is able to determine the distribution of emotions felt at that moment by a person. Tested with the Mona Lisa, this model "can even identify mixed emotions (as in da Vinci's masterpiece). Each expression is compared against a neutral face" (4). By comparing the chosen face against an emotionless one, this advanced techonology allows the ability to use muscle positions to analyze the feelings of a person. The ingenuity of the computers provide the resources and ability to decode complex human emotions and, in turn, will be able to be utilized in methods that will add to the betterment of society.

The Facial Action Coding System will foster a more positive learning environment for students by adapting their online experience to their emotions. If implemented in daily computers, this technology will revolutionize the environemnt and usage of the Internet. Because this technology can map emotions, "if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different" (6). With the implementation of this technology, students will be able to influence which advertisements and pages appear on their screen. This will reduce their impatience on the computer, and actually stay focused on the task at hand, rather than getting frustrated and walking away. With the ability to control the pages on their computer screen, students will feel empowered and influential, giving them confidence and increasing their work ethic. With an increased work ethic, students will remain productive and efficient with their time and materials. The content of the student's lesson can also be adapted based on their emotional behavior. Dr Huang, the innovator of this technology, describes that at school, "'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor" (6). By allowing the computer to customize the lesson, students will stay more engaged, as the content they are learning is one that they enjoy. Students will find pleasure in learning the subjects that interest them while also learning about other less-interesting subjects in a more captivating manner. The innovative technology serves to better a student's learning environment, keeping them engaged and interested in the content. Schools will notice increased success rates and knowledgable students. By providing students with the chance to customize the method in which they learn, school will be more enjoyable and students will stay committed to their education. The emotion-analyzing software gives students this chance and will greatly impact the way they learn and the committment to their education.

The highly inteliigent Facial Action Coding System a valuable asset for students in a classroom, as it fosters an enjoyable and captivating learning environment that will shape the students' commitment to school. This advanced software analyzes the movement of a human's facial muscles, comparing it to an emotionless one, and determines the percent distribution their feelings. This innovative software provides students with the ability to customize the pages and lessons on the computer, giving them control over their method of learning. Students with this ability will feel captivated by their learning, as they are in control and can decide how they learn. The development of a desire to learn is crucial for school-aged children so that in the future, they will continue on to further educate themselves and expand their knowledge. This facial

-analysis technology provides schools with the ability to create a captivating learning environment for students that will motivate them to stay committed to their education and reach their goals. While this new technology provides a bounty of benefits to many, assisting students in the achievement of their hopes and dreams holds the most value. 