Dear,

Senator

I think we should change the election by popular votes for the President of the United States. It's a more accurate process and who knows what people running for office has up there arm. The electoral college voting has a repeated tendancy to vote for the state of electors and that way they end up voting for the President. People prefer to vote for exactly who and what they choose to vote for and Electoral college isn't the way to go for it. What would happen when we run out of electoral votes just stick and choose a President? In what world is that fair and accurate?

Popular votes will actually help the voters voting and it might even be a faster process, whose to say, it could even be better. People aren't voting for President anymore which is the most important person in the senate, besides you the right hand man. The Citizen's voting are starting to vote for the state electors do to where they originate or live in. Citizens have not yet grasped the rules of voting and tend to vote unfairly and not for the real reasons we urgently need these people in house,senate, or office. In some states electors refused to even vote for their particular party's candidate  and choose to vote for who ever they wish to vote for which is a good thing. these electors prefer to vote for whoever will do a better job in office and that's what were scoring for with popular votes. What happens to votes when there's a run off, because there isn't enough votes to be held accountable for? Thats a question to think about , because there could be a lot of problems to be the cause of it.

To have a certain number of people vote for who they choose to be President is surprisingly unrealistic. Why choose the majority rule when you could have thousands of People praying for a change vote for a change in their their future for a better life. The "winner-take-all" system has to be the most challeging systems of them all but seems to work out after all. "Electoral College is the best way!" what happened to the People actually living off of the rules that the Electoral college Voters choose for the people all together? It's time to make a change, why not start now and see how the congress feels. The biggest Decision that should be made should be made fairly by the people, the citizens. In paragraph 13 it even states "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters." why not make a change make a difference.

To whom ever it may concern, Big States are the main key. If we could get the big states to take part in the Popularity vote the smaller states will join in. Hoping for the best the Popularity Votes will soon rise and all the discrepencies won't be needed. If you understand where I'm coming from you'll think about what I'm saying if you care about the citizens your trying to help out.    