Do you ever find yourself asking for advice or opinions from other people? I know I certainly do, and so do most others I know. Sometimes, gathering a group of opinions can really help someone make a good choice for themselves, which can also help benefit others around them. In this essay, I will be going over two reasons as to why talking to more than one person for advice can help you make a better choice, these reasons being a more majority choice type thing, and the fact that having other people explain other sides of arguments can help you come to a better conclusion of what to do.

The first reason I will be going over is how when you have more people giving you their opinions, the more you will notice one option has more people supporting it. Setting up a poll on an Instagram story or Twitter is a prime example of this. Sometimes, you will see people posting a poll for what they should wear to an event. When that poll is over, you get to see which option got the most votes, and that can help you make your final decision. I have set up polls on Twitter many times trying to figure out what to draw, what music I should listen to, and of course, what color I should dye my hair next. These majority polls have really helped me make decisions in the past, and I will continue to use these polls.

This next reason is more for real life situations, and that is how other's opinions can help you see another side of a story. Sometimes, when someone makes us upset, we tend to lash out and act in ways that we normally wouldn't if we were calmer. After getting in arguments with friends or family members, people will often seek out other people's opinions to figure out what to do. While doing so, those people can also help you realize the other person's side. Me and my grandmother tend to get in arguments a lot where we completely ignore the other person's side of things because of how angry we are. She normally then talks to several members of our family, and I talk to my group of friends, who all offer up advice to help us smooth out the argument. Once the situation has been explained, our little groups calm us down, and then help us realize the other person's side of the argument. Seeing the other side of things can really help choose what piece of advice to go through with.

These are the reasons I believe that asking multiple people for advice can really help you make decisions. Choices in general are very hard to make, especially if you're an indecisive person like I am, so asking other people for help is something I do often. I've received plenty of good advice from when I've had issues with my family or other friends, and with the advice I was given, I was able to make the best choice I could. Even if someone else's opinion is unwanted at the time, later on you can really think about what that person said, and you can choose what to do. I believe that a lot of the good choices I've made in my life are all thanks to my friends, who help me out. Through them and others, I will continue to take advice and make the best choices.