Dear, State Sentor

I feel that you should change to the popular vote for the President of the United States. That way they people can really choose who they want to be president instead of the government having to jump in and help the people choose who they want as president and some people dont vote because they know it doesnt matter.

With Electoral College the voters don't vote for a president, they vote for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. For example the Jhon Kerry ''voting'' if you were in Texas you voted for a slate of 34 Democratic electors that pledged to John Kerry. The Electoral College is a process that makes voting easier for the government. They have to select electors, then they all have a meeting to vote for the President and Vice President, and then the counting of the eletoral votes by congress. It consists of 538 electors. But a major of 270 electroal votes in order to elect the President. Another example John F. Kennedy had a popular that vote would have went to him.

The Electoral college is unfair to voters,because of the winner-take-all system in each state, the candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, which focuses only on the tight races in the "swing" states. It as become unfair,outdated,and irratonal. The electoral college is widely regared as an anachronism. We are in need of a change because this has been going on for years and years. So why not change it up i think it should have been done a while ago but it never to late.

The electoral college requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. Which is not every fair some people are'nt as rih as others so they sould'nt descrimate people by the way they look or dress. Because for all you know they look gurst so your not going to try and listen or understand where they came from. But they could be President material they just dont have the outter look, that everyones looking for."Don't judge a book by it cover."

The swing states go through the most with the electoral college,because its a winner takes all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates as seen in election. Voters in toss up states are more likely to payclose attentionto the campaign. They get the most feed back for the government. Also they get attention from the candidates as while. The bigger states dont get much attention.    