Distance learning is an ever-growing way of reaching students that are unable, or unwilling, to attend a traditional school. Creating a way for students to attend classes from home is a very practical and useful innovation, and through it, many students will receive education that they might not otherwise get. By implementing computer learning on in a widespread manner, students from all backgrounds and economic standpoints will be able to learn and succeed. Students will also be able to stay up to date with schoolwork if an illness or other injury prevents them from going to school for long amounts of time. Distance learning can also help those who are unable to access a school, such as rural families.

One of the leading arguments for the cause of widespread poverty in inner cities is poor education programs. In areas such as Generic_City, schools are understaffed and underfunded, leading to very high dropout rates. Families that can afford to, send their children to private schools, often costing thousands of dollars per year. Distance learning could solve this problem. By creating a county wide virtual learning database, students can pursue their education without having to be in school. Although some of these students may not have access to a computer, libraries are available for those driven and determined to better themselves.

There are many cases in which an injury or illness precludes students from going to school. Both physical and mental health issues can result in the inability to attend traditional school. Distance learning could be a lifesaver for these students. By giving them access to lessons, homework, and tests, they are able to stay up to date and current, even if being out of school for several months. Car accidents are a leading contributor to students having to stay home for long periods of time. Injuries to the spine or head can result in limited mobility or capabilities for extended amounts of time. Because of this, students often have to graduate later than planned, which can jeopardize college acceptance and scholarships. Through distance learning, students can stay engaged and up to date with classroom activities, and lessen the impact of missing school for extended amounts of time.

Rural areas in states across the U.S. often have very low standards of education. Due to people living very spread out and secluded from one another, school systems are haphazard and low quality. Students in rural areas also often have to help out with either a farm or a business and are unable to attend school during a traditional school day. This is where distance learning plays a part. Through the use of computers to access video lessons, students can take classes on their own schedule and from their own homes.

Although distance learning seems like an ideal way to learn, there are several downsides to it. One of which is a less flexible curriculum. Due to lessons being in video form, teachers are unable to tailor lessons to fit the needs of particular students or classes. This can lead to students being unresponsive and not being able to learn the material due to the way that it is presented. Because of this, students may have to seek out additional resources to fully understand the material that is being presented to them.

Distance learning is an exciting and innovative form of learning that is being put into place around the world. Through the use of online lessons and videos, students who do not have access to traditional schools are given a chance to learn. Distance learning gives a voice to those who are often overlooked and forgotten, and gives them a way to better themselves and succeed. Though not without it's flaws, distance learning can be very beneficial to students taking classes from home. 