Dear principal,

I would like to comment on your recent school policy that stated that students must have at least a B average to participate in sports or other activities. I believe that this policy will help higher the amount of B average students because many people do enjoy playing a sport or another activity. Students go above and beyond their usual school habits and they will have to study hard and work to get the B average. There are some students that even though they try their hardest, they will not be able to get the B average because of their inability to work at a high level. If this is the case, then the school must provide extra help classes and study sessions with the teachers to make sure that the kids have the opportunity to play for a sports team or participate in any other school activities. If this policy were to go into effect today, then you would see a huge spike in student's grade point average.

My first reason is what I believe that will come into effect immediately. If students really want to participate in extra curricular activities, then the will try even harder then they were before. There are students that would go the extra mile to be on a sports team or join other activities. These students will seek additional help if they do not believe they can maintain B averages. On the downside, there will be a few students who will not want to work to get the B average and they will not participate in sports or other activities. This could cause the sports teams to become less talented then they were before because some of the talent might not care enough to try and get the B average. But, if you would like your students to try and work more efficently and coopretively, then this policy could be the right the thing to enforce in the school.

For my second reason, there will be kids that are not capable of getting a B average. It may be because they are not very good test takers or their study habits are very poor. Some might not be able to concentrate and they get distracted very easily. It would be unfair for these students because of their inability to maintain the B average. The school would be responsible for not letting these kids participate in sports and other activities; therefore, in order to give them a better chance at getting the B average, the school should provide tutoring and extra help sessions for the kids who really need the help. The teachers could give them verbal quizzes on what they are learning if they are not very good test takers. They could give them homework that they might better understand and also provide them with extra credit opportunites. The sports teams may despretley need a kid that is very athletic, but not very smart and if this policy were to go into effect, then the school must provide the additional help.

In conclusion, I believe that this is a very fair and reasonable policy. It will force kids to work out to their full potential, and they will have better grade point averages. The students must fully accept their responsibilty to live up to this potential so that the students, faculty, and coaches will be satisfied with the students.