I believe that the school cell phone policy should be that all students should have their cell phones off at all times at school because it keeps them focused on their work and having a cell phone could get them in trouble.

First of all keeping your cell phone off at school enables students to focus completely on their work. For example if we could have our cell phones out nobody would be thinking of the lesson or would even bother to tune into the class because obviously a phone is a perfect way to chat with your friends while the teacher isn't looking. This makes it difficult for the person sending the messages AND the one receiving them because both are having their attention pulled away from what's important (class) and what's not (socializing). Another example is even if the rule says that cell phones can only be used during free time students will be using them all the time ignoring the rule. Honestly anybody can quickly put the phone under the table and text a quick message to their friend but in that short second the teacher could've been explaining something crucial to the development of the students skills. And just missing that one little thought the student is now behind because of it. As you can see cell phones will be a major disruption to the students if allowed for them to have them in school.

Second of all having a cell phone will most likely cause you to get in trouble. I know one of my friends did. He thought he was so slick that he could just take out his cell phone and try to cheat on a test with another person. He asked for the answers to the questions on the test and while he was busy typing it out little did he know that the teacher was watching him the whole time. The teacher had to stop everybody that was taking the test and had to figure out who was cheating. After that his phone was token away from him and was in major trouble. Not only was it not worth it to get in trouble for this but it distracted the whole class and academically took away from everybody's experience. Yet another time that someone got in trouble was when my friend decided to send explicit text messages to his girlfriend. Now if that wasn't bad enough he did it during class, when everybody was watching. Now he didn't caught on his end but when the girlfriend received the message someone heard it and said something. The teacher then confiscated the phone and found the messages. She looked at who sent it and reported it to the office. Both people involved were sent to the office and were in major trouble involving parents and everything. This type of behavior would not be uncommon if the cell phone policy was instituted.

In conclusion I think we should have our phones off at all times at school because it keeps us focused on work and it keeps students out of getting into unnecessary trouble.