When the school year ends most students are just exited to know that they don't have to learn, knowing they can just relax, hang out with friends, or party. On the other hand, isn't this just holding them back in their learning process? Shouldn't they do some type of project that will allow them to exercise the mind and keep them learning? Well it is easier for the students and for the teachers when they come back from break and the students haven't completely forgotten everything that was taught to them the previous year, so some schools decided to have students do a project over the summer break that can help these students grow as intellectuals . Having said that, who should decide what project to do during the break, the teacher or the student?

Students are very lazy when they start to get closer to summer and to the break, they don't want to deal with the stress of the school. Having a project over the summer is the last thing that a student wants to do, so if they have the option of choosing what to do they will always chose something that isn't going to challenge them in anyway and will chose to do a easy topic that they can get done fast, that they already know, or that they have done before. For students summer is supposed to be the break from school and going out and having fun with friends and family, having vacations, and having a project to do over the summer break isn't really a break anymore. Summer break is more of an excuse for students to have fun and not worry about anything, but if you put a project for them to do they understand that they have to get it done while having a pretty long time to do it right, others will leave it for last minute. However this over the break project gives students about 2 months to get it done without having to be stressed, being able to do it at their own pace. That is why teachers assign the different project to each student, because they want the student to succeed by giving them something that, as a teacher, they know what they outcome would or could be and for the student to be challenged, yet doing something they can comprehend.

Even though students are the ones doing the project, teachers are the ones who understand the subjects that student should be learning. If you let a student pick a subject to work on over the summer, he could chose something very unnecessary that would have no impact in the students growth as an intellectual, he could say he is doing a science project that would ask how many hours he can play a video game before he gets hungry and eats food, or before he has to go to the bathroom. Teachers who got to know and understand their students throughout the year would know what they could be interested in and would work on during the summer. For students to be interested in something they want to understand how it works and find it fun to do. In order for students to not slack off and procrastinate they must find it interesting to them or they wont work on it. That is another thing that teachers must considered when giving out the projects that their students must do over the summer, if teachers assign the same project to everyone, many of them can get such projects done fairly quickly and not challenge them at all, having it done so soon they didn't learn anything for the project, or having all of them do the same project would just have them copy each other. Having teachers know their students strengths and their weaknesses, can help the teacher determine what project the student can work on that they will enjoy doing and will challenge them, helping them learn all at the same time.

All teachers want for their students is for them to be successful, in order for them to achieve such success they need to understand and go though the challenges that they have to face and the failures they must grow from in order for them to grow their knowledge as an individual. During the summer break, students benefit from having a project that can help them keep the knowledge they gained though out the school year, and not having to be shocked back into the next school year when they come back and have to re-learn stuff from the previous year that they may have forgotten, after that they can finally move forward and learn new things. The teachers give out this project for the whole purpose that given project helps students move forward, they assigned the project to the individual students knowing what would help them grow without having the summer break erasing everything they learned the previous year. 