Dear, senator

I honestely think that it should be popular vote instaed of the electoral college. i think that because its going to effect our lives, our way of living, and how our way of life is going to work. If we pick a president then thats who we wanted now what a group of people want.

Having a popular vote is the same thing but with more people and more accurate.

The way we like to live is the better wa, not being forced on how to live our lives. It is also a faster prosses to vote. If the group all are equal then they have to wait a longer time to see who the presedent is going to be and no one wants that. If i can ask you one question its going to be "how long will you be willing to wait to see who the new presedent id going to be?" The people of nthe united states dont want to wait, they want to see who the presedent is going to be the week after they vote.

Can we live the way we want to live

? can we live our lives without something happening that changes everything? Most of the time no, there is always something/someone that changes things in our lives. Like in 2001 the twin towers got hit by a plane, that changed everything. the way we go through airports, the way we fly, the way how people find jobs, and how people look and their beliefs. Some people are judged by what they do for living or what they look like , but thats the point of freedome in the united states. If we have a popular vote in the US they most of that will change and i can garantee that more laws will be fast that will help the US.

I'm going to agree with Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Bob Dole. they all wanted the electoral collede to be abolished. there is no need to have them if we have the people in out states. The people in out states have a big use in voting. without the people then whats the use in being in states why not just one big land. Every state has its own way of voting but the peoples votes really dont mean anything with the electoral college. The electoral college just take over voting and wont let the people oppinions work in voting. Without them our votes will mean something, not just thrown away and just be forgotten.

If they stay they should be used for emergencies . If by any chance everyone has a tie they should be the tie breaker.

Most ruls shouldnt just be in texas or california.

They should occure in all states.

why do only two states get special treatment? If every state had tghe same rulls do you think it would be more fair to all the states? If not then i dont know what to say, because im pretty sure in one of the amendmendments it states thats "every human being will be treated equal no matter what."So this is my tought on how we should vote and that is by popular vote..    