The Challenge of Exploring Venus, Venus is called the "Evening Star" it's one of the brightest stars in the nigh sky. Venus is a planet its the second planet from the sun. The atmopshere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. NASA is tring other approaches to study Venus. Venus is a planet trying to be explored and studied.

Venus is the second planet in line to the sun. Earth's twin is Venus, Venus is the closest planet to Earth in density and the size. Earth, Venus and Mars are neighboring planets they all orbit the sun at different speeds. No man has been on Venus NASA has tried to send spaceships up to Venus but the ships never survived the landing some did but they didn't make it past a few hours. Venus has never been touched by man.

The author has lots of good pionts about Venus and the is it worth to study. The auther has good pionts he claims the average temperature on Venus is over 800 degrees and that the atmosheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on Earth. The auther makes good pionts of why we should study this planet, to learn to expand our minds into space.

Spending resources on studying planets is a good and a bad. Studying planet that can't help us is a wate of time, finding a planet out there that have air and can grow plants is a big find and we should study those planets. The auther has claimed that Venus has a temputer of 800 degrees no person a live can live through that so that planet is the worth taking time, resources and money to go out and study.

Planets like ours and Mars. Mars is worth all the time, resorces and money to gonout and find more about because later in our life or in the furture Mars could be the next Earth. NASA has aldready claimed before they have found water and grass. Venus has nothing close due to its 800 degrees and the atomspheric is 90 times greater than ours so you can't breathe on Venus. The auther made great claims but I feel we could foucs more on Mars and other planets like ours.

The Challenge of Exploring Venus, is not woth the study. Venus is one of the highly dangers planets our there in space. Better fouces on Mars than Venus. The auther had great claims but the enough to sell me into the studying of Venus. Venus was ans is not worth the studying pursuit depite th dangers it presents.                       