The author wants us to learn about Venus because NASA wants us to know stuff about our other planets. NASA wants us to learn about Venus to hopefully tell others about what we learned and maybe they will want to learn about Venus too. They can learn that Venus is likes Earth's "twin", its the closesest planet to Earth in terms of density and size and occasionally the closest distance too.

You can learn who was the first to land on Venus and who was the last and how long you can stay on Venus until you have to come back down to Earth for more food and supples. Only one spaceship can go up there because they can't have more than 3 to 4 people on Venus doing the same thing, they don't have that much room on the spaceship for everyone that wants to go on Vensu anyways. Not everyone knows about Venus but if you go to NASA websit and look up information about it you can learn more about the planets around us and see how you can become one of the people to go on the other planets that are around us or just become one of the members on the station.

The average temperature is 800 degrees fahrenheit there so you would need a very high powered suit to keep that from killing you if you go to Venus. 800 degrees is WAY to hot for anyone to go up there and take a look. The ship would need to be checked out to make sure that the teperatures didn't cook the spaceship. The air level would close to the sea level on earth so we would have to be super carefull when we get off the spaceship to get information about the planet.

You can hover over Venus and look out the windows on the spacehip to look at Venus and youc can to try get information on it from there. NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus, soon we will know what they are talking about. Soon NASA will be able to get more information on Venus and if it is ready for living objects to come and live on it and if not then NASA can find another planet and study that one for a couple of years and see if that one is live able. 