Dear Senator

In the year 2000 there was a presidental election. The two canadate runnning were Bush and Gore. In that election there was a problem, Gore had won the votes of the people but Bush had won the votes of the the Electoral votes. Now the question is asked who should win, should the person who had the most votes from the people win or the person who had the most votes from the Electoral College win? This is something that has been going on for a long time, does the Electoral College over rule the people? This is an importain question that we the people should be asking, do we realy pick the persendent or does the Electoral College pick it and we are just there for show? The Electoral College is an out dated sistem that we keep because the goverment wants there to be a clear winner, but we know that is not what the people the people want the right to dicide.

The Electoral College was established by the founding fathers and made as a "compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualifies citizens." The Electoral College vote on the President and the Vice President. It has 538 members and for there to be a winner a canadate, has to get a majority of 270 electoral votes. Your states allotment of electors is equal to the number of members in its Congressional degation. The problem here is that there is 300 million people in this contery and only 538 people get to vote on who is going to be president.

Also most states have a Winner takes all system were the winner of the majority gets all of the votes. For example florida has 29 electoral votes so if one canadate get 15 which is the magority he will get all 29. Because of this there is not an acurate repisentaion of what the state thinks.

The last reason it is not a good system is because the people's votes do not matter. In the 2000 election Gore had won the peoples votes and Bush had on the Eletoral votes. now Bush became president even tho Gore had won with the people. The biggest problem with the Electoral College is the fact that it over rules the people. If the Eletoral College wins it does not matter how many people vote for the other person running it will not matter. Now the question is acked, What is the point of voting if it does not matter who we vote for only the Electoral College votes matter?®                    