Leonardo Da Vinci was one of the greatest reniassance painters of the time. His study of the human anatomy allowed him to create pictures that captured the humna state. On of his most well known paintings is the "Mona Lisa". The Mona Lisa is a women that has sort of complacent facial features. She doesn't really look happy or sad. This was the popular thought up until a new technology was created. This technology is called the Facial Action Coding System. This technology is able to deduce what emotion a person is feeling. It is able to do this whothout the person even showing an obvious emotion. This technology can also be implenmented in many spheres of life, including in the classroom. The use of this technology to read the expressions of students in a learning envionement can help students learn more efffectivly by allowing for immediate feedback from a student allowing for the quick shift of a lesson plan, and being able to help and support students emotionally.

This technology can help get immediate feedback from students. In almost all class rooms nation wide there is a similar routine. Learn something, practice it for homework and then see if a student is understanding it by taking a quiz over it. While this may be effective, it can be imporved ten fold with the Facial Action Coding System. The technology could understand emotion of students in present time. A teacher wouldn't have to wait to give out a quiz to see if students were having issues. They could teach the subject and then immediatly know if students are having difficulty unerstanding it. Dr. Huang, the creator of FACS, states that "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". If teachers are able to recieve this information, their teaching would become more effective. Teachers could change lesson plans in order to fit the needs of the students, and give extra support and help to those children that are still struggling. FACS can also help excite studnets about learning. This is important because no matter how much a teacher trys to help a student, the studnet will not imporve in anything if thet do not want to learn. If computers are able to read if studnets are excited or bored by a lesson, teachers would add visuals and what not to make it more intersesting to a student. This would make them want to learn, not them being required to learn. totality, the ability to be able to percieve students emotions would help students academically by allowing teachers to change lesson plans that allow for more excitment and understand in classrooms.

To continue, the FACS technology would help students be more emotionally stable. While school is a vaulable place to learn new information and facts, it is really a place for children to grow and become more independent and better human beings. While grades matter, the emotional and pyschological health of a student is far more valuable. The FACS technology could act as an army of school counselers. High School and Middle School students tend not to share their emotions, even with their parents. FACS could idntify students that are emotionally troubled, have depression, contemplate self harm or even have mental illness. Once students like these are identified then counselers and social workers could step in, allowing for students to be helped. Right now students that struggle with these issues do not share their feelings. They do not get help and carry on like they are fine. While many may turn out to be okay, even one taking their own life or somebody's else, is too much. While FACS may not be able to help or eliminate all signs of emotional distress, it can surely make a difference. Another benfit of using FACS is that it reads emotoins silently. Students don't have to potray a certain emotion for the technology to understand what they are really feeling. If a studnet is asked how they are, they probably give a surface level, I am fine, answer. The technology reads through that completely, eliminating awkard one on one conversatoins with conselers, and allowing for all students to be reached.

While there are many positives to this technology some might argue that computers cannot actually calculate human emotion. They argue that human emotion is not somehting that can or should be understood because it would ruin the entirety of feeling certain ways. However, while some arguements may be warranted, many are based off of falsehoods. To begin, emotion can be understood on a scientific level. Emotion is in the brain, not the heart. The way the FACS understands emoion is simple. It maps out a 3-D model of the face, looks at the shape and positoin of all the muscles, then it associates the different facial movements with differet emotion. For example, your orbicularis oris (muscles around your mouth) tighten your lips to show when you are angry. It even works when a person it trying to mask emotions. During a fake smile, the zygomatic major stretches the mouth sidways, while in a real smile the zygomatic major lifts the corners of the mouth. These examples can show how science IS able to understand emotoin, probaly better than most humans. Arguments that use that falshood, that science is unable to understand emotion, is completly false.

In conclusion, the ability to read the actual emotion and reactions of students in class rooms is extremely valuable because it allows for greater understanding and excitment of a subject, along with the ability to help students be emotionally stable. If this technology is implemented into schools, studnets will overall do better, feel better and make a brighter world for tomorrow. FACS is something revolutionary that hopefully all of us can learn somthing from.