Why you should not need to take one extracurricular activity to pass the school year. The principle has decided that you need to take at lest one extracurricular activity to pass each school year. Here are some reasons. One it can give the student stress, by making them worried about if he or she will pass. Two it can start a loss in productivity, by making the students' work rate slow down and make them struggle more. Three it will overload the student, because they might be going for a advanced diploma and that would pile on top of the student making it hard for the student to do his or her work. Those were a few reasons why you should not need to take a extracurricular activity to pass the school year.

Here are some of the first reasons why, you should not need to take a extracurricular activity to pass the school year. Taking a extracurricular activity can cause lots of stress to a student by, first making the student get lower grades, because they have to split their focus to two things at once therefore making the student worried about if he or she will pass the year. Second can make the students upset, by making the student do more work then they need. Third it can drive the students insane, by making the students do way too much school work. Those were some reasons why, you should not need to take a extracurricular activity to pass the school year.

Here some other reasons why, you should not need to take a extra curricular activity to pass the school year. Taking a extracurricular activity can create a loss in productivity. First it can make them want to stop trying to get good grades, simply by giving the student a lot of work and barely any time to relax. Second it can stop the student focus dead in it's tracks, just because there is a little too much work for the student to keep going and work. Third

It will also slow down the student work rate and make them feel like they need to study more which then will put the student in a very bad mental place. Those were also some reasons why, you should not need to take a extracurricular activity to pass the school year.

Here are the final reasons why, you should not need to take a extracurricular activity to pass the school year. Taking a extracurricular activity can overload some students. First it can make the student do too much work, because some students are going for a advanced diploma and if they had to do a extracurricular activity that would pile on top of the student making him or her do too much work. Second some student might have other activities to do out side of school so that would just stop them from doing what they enjoy after school. Third it may also make students miss out on certain events that happen every couple of years, like for say you wanted to go to a concert that a band was doing and that was there last concert that they will ever do, you would really want to go, but as long as you have a extracurricular activity you might not be able to go and watch the performance in person. Those were the final reasons why should not need to take a extracurricular activity to pass the school year.

Those are a few reason why, you should not need to take a extracurricular activity to pass the school year. Another reason is because it can cause stress by making the student focus on two things at once therefore bring the students grades down and make the student worried about if he or she will pass the year. Another reason is it can create a loss in productivity by slowing down the work rate of the student making them feel dumb or behind in class. The final reason to wrap it up is that it can overload a student by giving them too much work permanently putting themselves in a bad mental state at school just because of a little too much work. Those were all the reasons why you should not need a extracurricular activity to pass the school year.