Today we recently just found out that there is something figure like on Mars. Many poeple are saying it looks as if it's a face or some sort. Some peopel are even saying aliens have put it on Mars to tell us soemthing, but I hilly dout that.

As I asked a few other scientist about it I knew it would be interesting to see and search on. As we all were looking at this photo of what seems to actually be a human face on Mars a new scientist walked in and talked about it.

He began to say that ailens put it there! All I could think of is why and how would they do it. They may not even be real, we have no evidence to show that soemthing living lives up on Mars. I had began to tell him that's it's not possiable! I even gave facts about how anything livinh like humans or animals couldn't live up there. But he still thought it was true.

I didn't want to argue anymore so I had gotten up and left to do more research on it. So many poepel had already heard about it and were giving out thier opinions. As I read through so many of them they all had great point and soem didn't even know what they were talking about. I really wannted to show the new worker that he was wrong. Then it hit many me, I knew what I had to do. I began to make my own page abot the face on Mars. I did so much research and as soon as I posted out to the world it got many hits.

When I got to work the next day so many poepel were talking about it and were on my side of the arguement. I felt proud of myself doing all this hard work. As I got to my desk that new scientist came up to me. I didn't know if I should smile or say something, but before I could do anything he smiled and told me how what I said changed his mind on the whole thing.

At the end of the day everything ahd worked out and went back to normal. The face on Mars had been getting bigger and many poeple hadn't though aliens did it after reading my page. By doing so much research I sort of made a differnce about it and Im proud to say all the hard work turned out to be a amazing thing to do.            