The schools offer is option that the students to attend classes from home by of online or video conferencing, but i think to the students is not benefit. Sometimes to the students not learned and this can to affect to the student with his learning. The teacher can to make a video conferencing but they not know if the student to make all effort for learn.

The schools can offer is option but the teachers not know if the students is learning the same this option has benefit, but also not has benefit because for a students is important to take his classes in home but for others not the put importance to the studio. For example: The school to get me the option of study in home i know that not learned and for me is better to study in the school because in home not would put soul the studio.

The teaching for online or video conferencing not to be the same is in the school that in a video conferencing or online because everything to be different we in the school can to ask help to a companion when we not understand some and to be a big help have somebody that us help in thing that we not understand. We have classes in home to remove the benefit of to meet to other people and also in online or video conferencing not the to show as to make a exposition in public for example: In a few work we needing to pass to the front and explain the work, i think that the classes online will not teach us to not have pain talk in public but the school the teacher us to teach to pass to the front for that us to lose the fear and the pain.

A few students to say "Is better study in the school because have more benefit and us help more for the future also us to learn much thing as be sociable, respectful and also be a big person." The school has much thing that to us the help in the school a few students to take in serious his studio but always a few student that not take in serious his studio sometimes only to go to school to trouble. I know that a few students to prefer study in online but i know that not to be the same because only would be watch the computer.

My opinion that the better option is study in the school because have more opportunity for that us learn and in the school have more benefit for us life and the option for the students to attend classes from home not is good because to remove much oportunity of to meet a new people. Always is better study in the school have much thing and also the school to we us to distract beacuse so not think in us problems. In the school us effort for have a good future.            