Would you rather be a cockroach or an ant? This isn't in a size match up but a living condition. A lone ranger roach or a society of workers like the ants. The same aspect can be applied to when people ask if offering classes at home would be beneficial for students. Students that would take classes at home would be enclosed away from peers and friends, while a student at school would be surrounded by peers and many people alike. So to a small extent students would benefit from being able to attend class from home, because this would let them learn at their own pace as well as in their best learning technique. However, to a greater extent students would be at a loss from taking classes at home, this is because they would lose their social interaction and challenges brought on by the environment of schools.

Education is about efficiently farming the minds of youth to grow great minds. Without the challenge of competing peers and uncomfortable situations for students the techniques would be less effective. To begin there is evidence to support that students in unfamiliar habitats like a school test better than students that are familiar with their testing environment. So students learning from home would test worse than students at school just due to the simple fact that they are more relaxed in their environment. Continuing, in schools peers push the learning potential upon themselves because of the social hierarchy with grade status. This is a key element with having a generalized system, this system creates competition among students to be at the top. The ability to take classes at home would hinder the students inner strength by proposing no challenge for them.

If you never went to school or work, how many friends would you have? Students offered classes at home would have minimal social life due in part to the lack of social interaction with the people in their area. Students make life long friends from school: college roommates, kindergarten best friend, or high school sweethearts. Taking away the random dice roll of interactions by lowering the rate at which kids interact would create students with minimal social lives and students more likely to become sad or depressed. Students taking classes from home would loose touch with societal standards and become worse adults by not respecting things like: dress codes, rules of the office, or authority figures. This would be because of the lowered interaction with these rules and could lead to people who aren't mentally tough. Students without friends would become lost in society and could be unable to speak about their situation because of their lack of original social interaction.

Students taking online classes could have the ability to learn better, this is because they could learn at their own rate and they could learn with their best suited technique. Students aren't all the same, and having one technique used on all can hinder some of their abilities. Students taking online classes could use outside resources for study and this could create the situation best suited for their learning style. This could lead to better retention of the knowledge and a greater understanding of the material. Students could take the course at their speed, this could mean some would finish faster than others, but the main argument in this is students would have better material retention because they would be in the mindset of learning and not just going through the motions of school. Online school has its niche benefits for its population of students willing to take the toll.

To conclude students are better off taking classes at school, but there is a small population of students that taking online classes could work better for. Students would have to test out the options first and see what works best. Because even though online school sounds good on paper, it could very well be horrid in practice. Students always want to find the easy way out, and online school could be that no challenge road. That would lead to a greater number of students failing out of rigorous courses, and a potential of uneducated students because of a lower retention of material. Overall students should stay in school because it would create the fun challenging environment and a better social understanding for students.