Study shows that asking for peoples opinions for advice,makes you 90% more certain on your decision. When I ask my friends for advice,I end up having a lot of opinions and that helps me make a better choice. Getting multiple opinions can make you have more ideas,be more certain,and get a greater understanding of it.

Getting more than one opinion can give you more ideas. When you ask your friends for advice,you'll end up having multiple ideas and opinions. Those opinions and ideas will help you to narrow down your final choice. Some people might give you the same response. If theres a repeated opinion or idea that might be what people think is the best choice. By having a range of ideas and opinions,it could give you more options for your choice. Having multiple options is good because you won't just have to rely on one choice. When you have multiple ideas,you'll have a range of choices to pick from and it'll also help you make your final choice.

Secondly,it can make you more certain on your final choice. When you narrow ideas down,you'll be more certain. All of the ideas will be narrowed down into one single idea which would be your final choice. When you ask your friends for advice,they'll help you. With their help,you might just know what your choice is going to be. Some of your friends might have been through the same thing or know what you're talking about. With their knowledge you might find your choice easier and faster and be more certain because they've been through the same thing. Asking your friends for help will help you out a lot because they might have been through the same thing so they know whats up.

Finally,you'll get a greater understanding of what you're asking advice for. Your friends will tell you many different things. That means you'll see things in many different point of views. Some of your friends know what you're going through so they have a better understanding of it. You'll understand it the same way they understand it because they told you what they know from it. Having many opinions from your friends will help you understand it more.

Seeking multple ideas will end up helping you make a better choice. Having more than one opinion will give you more ideas,be more certain,and have a greater understanding. i think that having multiple opinions is good because it'll make finding a good choice easier.                              