Summer break provides students with a time to relax and refresh in preparation for the following year. The break is a necessity in the school systems as it offers students the opportunity to experience different aspects of life outside of the classroom. Additionally, this period to refresh assists students in their learning career as it prevents academic burnout. However, some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during the break. In situations where summer projects are assigned, projects should be student-designed for they allow students to take initiative in their learning, gain a deeper understanding of the chosen topic, and minimize the chance that students feel they are not being given a break.

In allowing students to design their own project, the student is given the opportunity to take charge of their learning. The initiative a student-designed project offers allows students to choose a topic they are interested in and later hope to pursue. For example, a young student with little interest in art and literature would not benefit from being forced to read certain novels throughout the summer. Exposure to the essential texts needed to further their language abilities will be gained throughout the school year. Therefore, as the school year already provides students with the basic skills to advance their academic career, summer should be a time students have the opportunity to pursue their own interests, best achieved through the completion of student-designed projects.

Likewise, with the idea that a student designs a project on a topic they are interested in, the project will be done more thoroughly, allowing students to gain a deeper understanding. As a human tendency, people are more likely to work on something they are interested and excited about. The more the project is worked on, the more complex and thorough it will be. Interest and excitement in a topic positively affect the extent to which the project will be worked on. Typically, the time spent on the project is directly related to the overall understanding of the concept. Considering teachers assign summer work to assure students continue learning during their break, projects should be student-designed as they promote a deeper understanding of the given topic.

Lastly, having students complete a project they have designed themselves minimizes the feeling of the traditional school dynamic. Throughout the school year, students are assigned the work they need to complete in order to receive an "A." Completing work is often done out of requirement rather than personal interest. Summer is used as a break from the many requirements of school. A student-designed project will seem like less of a requirement as it is based upon self-interest. Minimizing the feeling that the work must be done out of requirement ensures students have the time to refresh while continuing their academics.

In conclusion, summer is a vital time for students to take a break from the hardships of the previous school year. Yet, some teachers want to assure students continue their learning over the break. If a school believes summer work should be assigned, projects should be student-designed. A project designed by a student encourages them to take initiative in their learning, gain a deeper understanding of the chosen topic, and still feel as if they had a break from school and its traditional dynamic. 