There are both positive and negative aspects mentioned in having a driverless car.

While driverless cars seem new and exciting, they aren't practical.

I don't think that having these new cars is a good idea.

I feel like there are a lot better ways to spend our time than trying to develop this car that we don't even need.

We are doing just fine with the cars we have currently.

They mentioned that they aren't even completely driverless as of now.

Why do we call these driverless if that's not even true?

We need to stop relying so much on our addictive technology and use our brains and money for more important matters.

In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming", it states that currently these cars still need humans to work.

They are still alerting the driver to take the wheel when necessary.

By calling these driverless it is false advertising.

These cars still need humans to help out.

The cars can't even pull in and out of driveways yet.

Shouldn't we spend our time and money on something more worthwhile?

To me, this concept of driverless cars doesn't make a lot of sense.

I don't see the point of owning one of these cars.

It seems incredibly boring just sitting there and not having to drive at all.

Driving helps us learn to focus our attention on the road.

It teaches us how to make responsible decisions.

Driving is a privelege and I enjoy it.

I don't understand why we would want to take this away.

Kids look forward to getting older and being able to drive.

Now they would learn to be even lazier by sitting there and not doing any work.

Aren't we lazy enough now with all of our technology?

We have phones, iPads, Kindles, computers, laptops, iPods, and so many more things that we put all of our attention in.

Technology is addictive and we have plenty as it is.

We spent countless hours on our devices already.

We've lost contact with actual human beings.

We can't keep relying on our devices to fix all of our problems.

The younger generation doesn't even know what a dictionary or encyclopedia is, let alone how to use them.

Yes, using Google is convenient, but we need to learn how to do things on our own again.

The smarter technology becomes, the dumber we will be.

Driverless cars are not a solution.

We can drive just fine as it is.

There are so many causes we could be supporting with the money we are using to fund the driverless car project.

We are perfectly capable of driving on our own.

We should be using our money on things that are more important.

It is selfish to spend all of this money and time on such unecessary ideas than on meaningful corporations.

We could be funding medical research and feeding the poor.

Our generation has gotten so caught up in technology that we tend to forget about what is really important.

In my opinion driverless cars are not a practical idea.

They aren't necessary or completely reliable.

If you got in a wreck in one, it would be blamed on you anyway.

It just seems a lot simpler to stick to the cars we already have.