Dear Principal,

I think students should be required to perform community service. A lot of students already do but some don't. Community service helps everyone in the community. Students need to learn how to help their community so it stays nice for everyone. Students need to know how to take care of the environment around them so they stay aware how much work it takes to make the community stay nice and not a bad place to be.

Students should be required to help the community because otherwise the community could turn into a bad looking place and no one will want to live there because they don't want to live somewhere no one takes care of or cares about. Students should be required to help tutor kids so they don't get bad grades so they can get into good schools and have good futures.

Students should help out where help is needed the most like homeless shelters or cleaning up trash around town. If you pick up trash with a group of people it's fun because you become friends with those people. Students should be part of an ecology club and work together to make the community healthier. Students could also shovel city side walks in the winter or mow lawns of houses people don't live in or of elderly people. Students can help out at nursing homes or daycares.

Students can help people in there neighborhood by shoveling driveways and helping carry groceries into peoples homes. Community service makes students feel like they accomplished something and feel proud of themselves. Students should start helping others with things they would need help with. Students should start helping others whenever they think someone needs help. Students should help around their school by picking stuff up in the halls when they see it or taking things that people have found to the lost and found.

Students should be required to do community service because some would not volunteer to help because they would be embarrassed because they think they would be made fun of. Students should have to have community service but be able to choose what to do so that they will want to do it again, because if they don't like it they may never volunteer after that. There should be a lot of options for students to choose from so some people don't get stuck choosing something they think is boring. Students would be more willing if they knew all the options and could find one they liked.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME