Dear Senator,

As you know every four years a president is elected. In order for that to happen the candidates go through the process of an Electoral College or the people vote. An Electoral College is when the congress gets to vote to pick who the president and vice president will be. And the other way is when the people of that state get to vote.

First, some disavantages of doing an Electoral College is if the president is bad the congress will get blammed. Vandalism, riots, breaking laws. Who knows how far people will go to get their way. And there are many more mistakes that happen. As said in the article

What's wrong with the electoral college , the voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate. Now there are some disavantages for the people voting but not as many and not as bad. Yes people can still get angery and do bad things, but due to the privacy when we vote there is no one to speicficly blame. There are way more of us then the congress, so mistakes won't always affect things as bad.

Next, even though there are many many disavantages and mistakes about the Electoral College there are a few advantages. Like it takes less time for the congress to vote. But to be honest why rush to fail. But by letting the people vote it gives everybody a fair chance to say their oppinion and it has so much less conflict. I admit the congress does know alot but the decesion on the president is going to mostly affect us, the people.

Everybody has the right to have their own oppinion. But sometimes some make more sense then others. In my oppinion I think the people should vote. Yes, we live in a free state but there are very few things we can do to change things. The congress has power over so much and it it feels like the most people can do is say what we think, even when we know it can't change anything. We the people don't have the power to change much but by letting the people vote it can make a big differnce.

Lastly, the United States is a great place and no one wants to see it go down hill from one wrong mistake. And the solution is very simple, let the people vote. The people's oppinion are very important and need to be heard!

Thank you for your consideration,

PROPER_NAME                                         