If I was a scientist at NASA discussing the Face with someone who thinks it was created by aliens, because in the story it's saids that '' Face on Mars'' has since became a pop icon. If I was a scientist in NASA I would found out how did the peron face came to another planet. They have to get out the earth to come to another planet to just put your face on it out of no were. But if a person did put there face inprint on a another planet, I think they will turn into a alien. I will tell you why I said that, because people say that aliens are real and they harm creatures. Also, if I'm the scientist this will tells that a FACE on a human body doing on a another planet they should be on earth. In the article it saids: twenty five years ago something funny happening around Mars, NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling the planet snapping photos of possible landing sites for it's sister ship Viking 2. Also, when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face, an enormous head nearly two miles from end to end seemed to be staring back at the cameras from a region of the Red Planet called Cydonia. There must have been a degree of surprise among mission controllers back at the Jet Propulsion Lab when the face appeared on the monitors. But now scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa common enough around Cydonia only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh. But if I'm the scientist trying to figured out all this work,and see who's the human face or a alien face because humans on earth an aliens in Mars or more planets. But afterwards after that happening, it saids how some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. Meanwhile the defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an acient civilization on Mars. Also, although few scientists believed the Face was an alien artifact photographing Cydonia became a prioprity for NASA when Global Surveyor arrived at the Red Planet in September. 1997, eighteen long years ago after the Viking missions ended.