The state senator should keep the electoral college and not change it to the election by popular vote for the president of the United States.

Therefore, I agree with what the passage is saying because it says ''The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electors votes is required to elect the President. Your state's entitles allotment of electors equals the nu,ber of memebers in its Congressional delegation: one for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators.... That to me explains it all because the college votes can vote for multiple things then the people who vote for the popular votes. So, to me they gave a good enough reasonings.

Also, Electoral College votes have a better outcome then the popular votes because in the last election that they have for Obama he received 61.7 precent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 precent of the popular vote cast him anf Romeny. So, electoral college voted have more oppurtunies of more things.

Although, popular votes can come in many ways of being helpful because popular votes can help people win by very littler or more. On my opino i don't consiter them to change to poplaur voted becasue to me its nothing i agree to keeping the electoral college votes .

Finally, but not last what ever you do keep the electoral college votes they know what there doing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    