Throughout our school career's projects are often assigned to extend learning during the summer break. Summer projects are more often created by teachers. These projects are rather extensive due to the months that are given to complete it. Those who may oppose state that it is the teachers job to create these summer assignments and they are able to bring more structure to the project. Although some may disagree that student projects should be designed by teachers, it should be known that this is not true.

Students creating their own summer projects can benefit them as students. Assignments that are completed by students are created by teachers, followed by a due date in which it is to be completed. After the assignment is completed the moving on to the next. Over time assignments become a chore and are less likely to be completed by students. Allowing students the chance to create their own summer project that they would truly excited to work. Through their own creation topics that students are interested about can be integrated into the summer project. Even though the summer project could be less structured it would completed time and time again. Having created their own assignments students would better understand what is to be expected in the terms of how to not only completed but also pass. Once on summer break students are unable to contact teachers if they have any questions about the project through having created it themselves this would eliminate the unanswered questions. If students were allowed to create their own summer projects it would give them a sense of control over their learning that is often lost throughout the school year. Some students can become detached from their learning with endless amounts of work that is assigned to them. Through the creation their summer projects it would also allow students to place their input and become more hands on within their learning.

Through creating their own assignments, students are able to build qualities that are helpful in a work environment. The process of coming up with rubrics and topics in which the assignment could be upon can be difficult. Team collaboration is vital for creating an assignment along side teachers and other students. Having the ability to voice an idea or criticism can be useful not only within school but also in an work environment. Not only having to create but also complete their assignment helps develop a sense of work ethic that is helpful in any situation. Students often rush to complete assignments very last minute and having formulated the assignment they would have a better understanding of how to space out their time to complete the summer project correctly. Along with school assignments this skill can be applied to any work place.

Summer projects can help extend learning outside of school during summer break. Through students creating their own summer project there is a better understanding of the project but also an excitement to complete it. Having created their project a sense of control over students learning can be gained which is often lost throughout the school year. Those who oppose may state that teachers should create summer projects because they have more experience than students and that teachers are able to introduce new topics to students. Students are often detached from their learning; therefor, allowing them to create a project that could possibly worked on for months can help student regain their love of learning.