Dear Senator,

The question at hand is, "Does the electoral college work?" My answer to that is simple "yes",but the reasons why I say this gets a little more complicated. As you may know the founding fathers established it, the Electoral College in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens (Office of the federal register, paragraph 1). Also, A majority of 270 out of 538 electoral voters is required to elect the president. Your state's entitled allotment of electors equal the number of members in its congressional delegation: one for each member in the House of Representitives plus two for your Senators (Office of Federal Register, Paragraph 3). Which only goes to show that everyone gets to vote.

Some may argue the Electoral; college is an anachronism, an old and out of date method, or a non-democratic way of selecting a presedint that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. and according to Richard A. Posner they maybe right in the arguing view that the Electoral Colleger method is not democratic in a modern sense. But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee, and that trust is rarely betrayed however, it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. (Richard A. Posner, 16) All the college is trying to do is set a number of people who can be elected not elect the president on their own.

Under the electoral college system voters vote not for the pesident but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. No one is saying leave it up to the "state", the distict of columbia to decide alone who our president should be but just to let them help in narrowing it down to those who fits the qualifications we need in a good president, The person who is going to run our country. Bradford Plumer said it himself voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate so why put the humans that always make mistakes in charge of choosing who out of "billy joe bob from the swamp" and " steve boy from the country club" to run our country. I say let the qualified pick the qualified. Its easy to say this, Bob Dole was wrong don't abolish the electoral college let it LIVE!

Sincerely, A concerned citizen.                                    