Dear Senator,

I am sending yhis message to let you know that i strongly believe that we should have Electoral vote. With the Electoral collage it allows for us to make there a set number on the amount of votes we can get. That being said the Electoral collaeg wpuld make it alot easier so the states adn national governmant to get the right amount of votes.

With the Electoral College, it all depnds on if you state agrees to have a certain person as president. As informed in "What is the Electoral College?" it states that " The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. This makes it a majority vote i order for you state to win for which ever candianate.

During the 2012 election with Barack Obama and Mitt Romney, Romney had to win Ohio and Florida's Electoral vote. But becasue Obama won Florida he remained in office as our president. With this Electoral vote its a amke or break. Its not always the best thing but its the right thing. With the Electoral College you vote for a slate of voters who then vote for president. As Richard A. Posner informed us, " Its entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. Yet that has happened very rarely. It happened in 2000, when Gore had more popular vote than Bush yet fewer electoral votes." This shows you that the Electoral Vote is more important.

The Swing States are what determines the election. These states are different for every election becasue they will always find which one is better. The Big States is the states witha lot of electoral votes , including California who has 55 electoral votes. The higher the population the more Electoral votes you have. When a Run off election happens the Electoral College doesnt allow for Majority of teh votes cast.

Overall you should not take the Elctoral College away. Without The Electoral College there would not be a fair shot for the canidate to win. You should keep the Electoral vote!!! Help A canidiant bye keeping the Electoral College.    