After a long and tiring day at school, students often look forward to returning home to retire in a stress-free environment. People's homes remind them that their strenuous day of work has come to an end and that they can now comfortably enjoy their home alongside the company of their family and friends. Students have come to have a negative perception of school as it exhausts their energy and causes them stress. But what happens when they choose to attend their institution from the comfort of their home? Does their home, a prior safe heaven from school, gain a more stressful connotation? School and home are two very important, but separate, institutions that students should not make the mistake of combining. Therefore, students will not benefit from attending online classes at home as they will get easily distracted and be less motivated to learn.

First, students will not benefit from attending online classes at home as they will get easily distracted. Students are often young and their brains have the power to rapidly grasp and process information. However, this ability can be negatively affected especially when the student is in an environment that they are well acquainted with. A well known area where students have limited interactions can dull their curiosity and aspirations for learning, causing boredom. This boredom is able to take over a young student's malleable mind and replace curiosity with distraction. In a world where technology is ubiquitous and can bring the world to one's fingertips, students would much rather research the latest scores of a basketball game or catch up on celebrity gossip, than they would learn about the Pythagorean theorem. At home, a student's mind is able to roam around freely, especially without an instructor prohibiting such distractions. Making it less likely that students are being attentive to the subject being taught on an online forum that limits their participation in the class. Therefore, students will not benefit from attending online classes at home as they will get easily distracted by the comforts in their home.

Another reason students will not benefit from attending online classes at home is that they will be less motivated to learn. Many students will agree that a commonly enjoyed perk of going to school is to meet and mingle with friends. However, when students study on an online forum at home, they do not get this opportunity to engage in conversations with peers as there are lesser chances to forge a personal bond with the students in the class. If learning online removes some of the greatest opportunities a student has to establish bonds and friendships, is it really worth it? Students need to know the faces and personalities of the people in their classes to gain a confident observation of each of their classmates' beliefs. Lighthearted conversations with one's peers are a key to developing relationships, and without the assistance of such relationships, students are likely to lack motivation in their goals and studies. Additionally, students will lack motivation in their coursework if they have less need to participate during lectures. An online study forum greatly hinders a student's ability to communicate with peers and take part in group discussions. These discussions are essential for a student's success in core classes as they captivate the student and make them play an active role in the class. Being an active learner provides students with the necessary skills to communicate with the professor and their peers, as well as to actively observe the essential components that are being discussed in the classroom's environment. The lack of opportunity to discuss topics with another student can create an uninteresting perception of that class and make students less inclined to partake in class activities and lectures. Therefore, students will not benefit from attending classes at home as they will be less motivated to partake in the class when their abilities to create relationships and be an active learner are hindered.

In conclusion, students will not benefit from attending online classes at home as they will get easily distracted and be less motivated to learn. If students are to properly balance their home life and their studies, a more reasonable approach that doesn't compromise their relaxation or student life needs to be found. Also, students who attempt to take an online class at home are more likely to be distracted by the comforts that are at their reach. The inability to forge relationships and connect with peers is another drawback of taking an online class at home. Likewise, the lack of opportunities to partake in in-class discussions creates barriers for students to succeed as active learners. Nobel Peace Prize winner and educational activist Malala Yousafzai once said,"a paper and pen can change the world." Yousafzai overcame many hindrances before she could provide education to the girls in her village, so why do we undermine its importance? Education is a powerful tool that we must use to guide the future, it is not something that we can compromise on for comfort.