Digital Home Education

The safest place on earth for anyone on earth is their home, you eat, sleep, and live in your home so why should you not learn there too? Schools used to be the traditional option for learning and education but with students becoming a danger to one another and teachers finding it difficult to deal with certain students its seems as though the system is falling apart. Home schooling is one of the options that many parents are choosing to use as an alternative and this is with good reason. Home schooling is more student-centered than public education and can groom a student differentlly depending on the program. Learning from home can benefit students by creating a safe learning environment, honing in on a students personal growth, and using technological advancements to enhance their education.

Everyday more children are put in home education programs due to the many issues with the present school systems. Safety of the student always is most important in any learning environment and one of the safest places for a student is within the walls of their own home. External conflicts with other students is prevented because students will not be given the opportunity to interact with one another outside of hearing one or two of them ask a question. Since the student is at home they can eat or wrap themselves up in a blanket or sit in some comfortable clothes while learning to excercise the comfortability of learning at home. With the liberty and comfort of home also comes the ability to block out any distractions that could prevent students from learning to the best of their ability.

Students would rather talk to their peers than learn but when choosing to learn at home the student is making the executive decision to focus on his/her schoolwork therefore, they will control their surroundings and create a distraction free learning space for the most effective learning experience within their own home. Students can utilize the teachers in the way that school was originally intended without having to wait on a classmate to finish asking a teacher a question or wait till the teacher is finished helping the other students. Since students can learn from their own homes they can eat whenever they would like to and never have to really leave the classroom or stop for a lunch break. The liberty to customize a learning space allows the student to create a space that can be the most preferred and visually appealing to enhance overall brain activity and creativity. With the elimination of a multitude of distractions found in public schools, students will find it easier to use the tools and technology given to them to aid their educational path.

Education like many things has had a traditional way of being however, like many things nowadays that tradition is prone to change and it is for the better. Technology is one of the most important and useful tools in todays society and schools are already utilizing it and it utilized even more so by home schoolers. Since the courses are essentially entirely online, teachers can use many online softwares to create fun, educational, and dynamic learning activities rather than simply assigning worksheets or textbook work. The online systems can help students with writing papers and with calculations in math all while explaining why things work the way that they do making the teacher's job even easier. Home schooling can be very helpful if done the right way with the use of technology.

Home schooling is the greater alternative to public schooling because of the ability to learn within a controlled environment that elimnates any and all distractions so that students can fully utilize their education. By eliminating the possibility of abuse or harm from other students and enabling a positive outlook on learning and wanting to learn home schooling proves that it is superior. It could be argued that public schools are cheaper and that they can supervise younger children for free while allowing parents to work however, while public schools may not cost money they could cost a life and the staff present do not always watch over the children as they have promised. Home schooling can be seen as the way of schooling that focuses more on the growth and learning of each individual rather than the large group known as a class. Home schooling is the greater option for students it keeps them safe, allows them to learn the way that they find comfortable, and it is focused around them to ensure that they learn what they need to prepare them for their career.        