Dear Principal,

The school policy that you have decided upon is necessary that students must have a grade B average to play sports is not a good idea in my mind. Many students are at a grade C average and are playing meaning that they are already trying their best to be in the sports.

When a student is pushed a little to do better they react accordingly but, when they are pushed to across their limit they tend to feel overwhelmed and agitated. This overwhelming feeling can lead to procrastination and laziness, which will lower their grades which would then lead to a domino effect until they are failing. This could happen or the student would feel that they do not need to go to school anymore because they have nothing to look forward to there. Then the student may influence others and create a ring of truancy which is worse than low grades.

The students who enjoy these extracurricular activities usually are concentrating on doing their best in sports or their extracurricular activities, if we could move their priorities without side effects we could be able to reach higher levels of learning although a grade B average sounds like the best thing to do for this, it is not. Sometimes when students have a large load of homework or tests they feel the need to relax and forget about their stress, but if they need to get even higher grades the outcome would be either of these three extremes, extremely low grades, truancy, high grades (but not enough time for sports) without a lot of time students agitation would reach to a point where they might resort to drastic efforts to relieve stress, like suicide. This would then mold the school into an unfriendly jail cell, and other students will be effected.

Instead of a grade B average as the policy, you should have a tutor at the extracurricular activities who can put in a little bit of teaching while the students are having fun. The connection of fun and learning can lead grade C average students to achieve higher grades and do better in school. Also if you can design rewards for students with higher grades the students with low grades will want to reap from the tree of knowledge to receive rewards, this in turn will yield higher grades, less procrastination, less anger, and all without any harmful side effects.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME