Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College is a process where voters select electors who then vote for the President of the United State. But is it really that reliable? Is it better than an election decided by that of popular vote.

The election process should be changed to one decided by popular vote instead of using the process of the Electoral College. First of all source two states that voters can sometimes get confused on the candidate that they actually voted for since they're not direclty voting for the President. Another flaw of the Electoral College also stated in source two is that "... "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please...." That is pure lying. That basically just made that voter vote for the candidate that they did not want. Another critical error is that in the process of the Electoral College is that not all states are equally represented. For example if there is a tie in the Electoral vote the election would be handed to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the presedent. This wouldnt be fair because since each state casts only one vote, then the single representativ from Wyoming would only represent 500,000 voters. However the single representative from California would represent 35 million voters. That hardly seems fair.

With Popular vote every American would get their say in a democratic way. As source three states "... the Electoral College is not democratic in a modern sense. With popular vote everyone would be represented equally.

I understand that "the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote" causes less chance of a dispute over the Electoral college than of the popular vote, but not everyone really gets a say. Also i understand that the Electoral College avoids run off elections but that is still very rare.

State Senator it's time to abolish the Electoral college, and switch to the use of popular vote for elections.    