Source 1: In german suburb, Life goes on with out cars.

Well the advantages of limiting car usage is that you can walk to stores that are closer near by, without the need to turn on your car. Mostly the primary car limiting factor is for not to pay for gasoline  and gasoline  taxes. In the United States the Eviromental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" comunnitiues to limit cars all around the world. The goverment expects buses and taxis to play a much better role on giving trasportation to citizens that cannot afford a car. The goverment says that 80% of the bills payment by them is going to fix highways and that only 20% of the other bills they use it for transport.

Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog

Paris enforces a driving ban to clear the air of the global city. Motorist with numbered licensed plates were ordered to leave their cars at there house or pay a fine of 31$. For this enforces over 4,000 drivers were fined. More than 20 peoplae got theit cars impounded for their reaction to the fine of paris. Diesel fuel company was blamed since France has a tax policy that favors diesel  over gasoline. Diesel fuel company makes up 67% of vehicles in France. For this kind of behavior Delivery companies complained for loss of buisness.

Source 3: Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota

Bogota and colombia set out as a program to spread out the car-free day leaving the sreets of this capital city clear of no traffic jams. The goal for this countries is to promote traspotantion and reduce the smog. The violators for these rules are going to be charged with 25% fine. Uneven  sidewalks have been replaced by broad (smooth sidewalks), Rush our restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upsacle  shopping districs  have croped up.

Source 4: The end of the car culture president obama ambitious goals is to curb the united states green house gas emmisions. Some recrent studies suggest that americans ar buyinga few more cars than usual, Driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by.                                                                                                                             