Phones & Driving

In today's day and age, we are privileged to have the ability to drive vehicles anywhere that we please. The use of technology gave us the responsibility of driving. With that being said the responsibility of driving is very important because you're not only putting your life at risk, but also other drivers on the road. There can be many distractions while you are driving which can cause you to wreck and be seriously injured from it. One of the biggest distractions in today's age is the use of cellphones. With the improvements made to technology, you can use cellphones anywhere on the road, which causes it to be the number one distraction. I personally feel that the use of technology should not be allowed while driving unless it is under an extreme circumstance.

To begin, one of the main reasons that causes cellphones to be one of the most distracting items is due to the texting and driving. According to the National Safety Council they reported that "cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year". They also reported that "nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. With those outrageously high statistics, I strongly agree with the idea of doing away with cellphones while driving. Also, 94 percent of drivers support a ban on texting while driving and 74 percent support a ban on hand held cell phone use. Having that high of a support percentage shows that are many other people who feel the same as I do. It is a very dangerous problem that is going on in todays day. With myself being a high school student and driver, I can first hand tell you this is a major proem with teens. I see many of my friends and also other students of my school using their cellphones while there driving and putting themselves in dangerous situations. There are many reoccurring issues with cellphones and driving that I'll be sharing more of in this essay.

After writing my first paragraph I ended off talking about the teens and cell phone use while driving situation. As the majority of people know the using your phone is very dangerous and also distracting. However, with the teen's situations there are 16-year old's and older who are not that experienced with driving but are also more easily distracted then adults. There was a poll made by AAA saying that "94 percent of teen drivers know the dangers of using their phone while driving and up to 34 percent admitted to doing it anyway". With this kind of statistic just proves the point of not allowing any use of a phone in a motor vehicle. I would also like to talk about the other drivers on the road. There are many other safe and focused drivers on the road, who are following all the rules of the road. Those careful drivers have also been the victims and ended up being seriously injured from the distracted driving with phones and also many other reasons. I personally have an example to give with this problem. My Cousin was killed by a driver who was going down a road, speeding in the rain, and also texting while driving on top of all that. Phones being used in motorized vehicles is a serious issue and luckily a law has passed in the state of Georgia, stopping the use of them in cars, but hopefully people will start to follow that law.

There are plenty of other distractions that go on when driving a motorized vehicle, but the use of phones is most caused. These deaths and accidents from distracted driving with your phones can be very managed. If people were to follow the law of not using them in the car and to be more careful then these outrages percentages will become more and more less. Also, I would like to express the fact that there are many options in vehicles that allow you to use your devices via Bluetooth and voice control. So, if there was an emergency you can answer and talk on the phone without even having to pick up your phone and looking away. This concludes my essay I strongly believe in not using your devices while driving and I hope to have expressed the effect is has.

Works Cited https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html 4         