"Venus is the closest planet to earths in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." The author is sayin sinse venus is basicly another copy of earth will extra extreme features, we should still look into it. Venus are acid rain, 800 defrees fahrenheit and has only 3% of oxygen and 97% carbon dioxide. "Astronomers are fasinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earth-like planet in out solar system. Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth." The aurthor explains why people are so interested in venus and why they want to study and look more into the planet and its possabilities. Now people know that venus is not fit for life forms now. Even people who have gotten close anough to venus couldnt get even close to study the surface of venus. They dont get a whole lot of time to look at venus because of its light and how bright it is, if people attempted to take a photo of venus it would not come out how they wanted. They only way we get any idea of venus and its surface is from the human eye. We are never able to get close anough for samples because we would need to get extremely close and we cant because of its heat, gases. Venus could easily burn through most metals from earth, but astronomers think using old technology or a mechanical computer could help figure out more on venus. The mechanical computer actually doesnt involve electronical equipment. Thats how the parts to the mechanical computer is made, is by heat, pressure and other types of forces. People think just because its dangerous to go to venus, doesnt mean we cant attempt it. They also say, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." Telling us that its not possible and if you think about it, it could happen and can be possible to travel to venus. NASA has been thinking of ways to build a ship that could with stand venus and its heat an pressure, and how to make it safe anough to be able to get there and collect supplies and leave without being in any type of harm.