Dear Principal TEACHER_NAME,

I agree with the terms that to participate in sports and other activities, that you must have at least a grade B average. Although many students have a grade C average, I think it's best to follow through with this policy. It would help students in school, as well as make the teams and activities a more stricter, nicer team.

Students should have to have at least a grade B average to be on the school's sports teams or in any other activities. By doing this, the students at our school will be smarter and more mature. The student will have to wok very hard to achieve a grade B average and will have to study more. Tests scores will go up and because the students want such good grades that they will have to pay attention during class; therefore, the students won't act out in class, as well as the activities they are in. They will care about the team or club and do their best. I think the policy for having a grade B average to be on activities at the school should be a yes.

Students with a grade B average will be rounded quite well, for they will have the smarts, as well as the athletics. Everyone can make a grade B average, so this policy would not be unfair. It would challenge the students to do there best on every paper they turn in. The students would also learn new study skills, as well as fundamental organization skills that are needed in everyday life. If students could keep up with all their school stuff, study good, and keep good grades, then collage will be easier when it comes their time. It's proven that students that make the better grades do better in college and other activities, then the ones that make less decent grades.

To have the kids that are in clubs or on sports teams that have a grade B average or better, they will have more smarts to carry out plays better. If the quarter back on the football team doesn't have the right fundamentals down, then the quarterback is useless. Smarts also help in groups. For a student to have a grade B average, then they must have some type of leadership in them. So for a grade B average student to be in a club or something of that nature, then the group will have a better bonding. They will be able to work together and develop into a team or group. Brainstorming ideas for ways to help the community will be able to be organized and arranged neatly.

Having the students maintain an grade B average at our school is a policy that should be passed.

Helping the students think for themselves, giving them necessary elements in life, and keeping them well rounded; this is what the policy offers. I think that the policy should be passed. It helps kids grow to be better adults, as well as help them in other situations in life. By doing the policy, it enhancing our generation, as well as many to come. Instead of more and more kids just barely making the grades, they will work towards being the best student they could be. The teachers are happy, the students feel proud of their grades, and all the activities are filled with smart wonderful children, this is why the policy you are suggesting should be passed and should be started in our school.