Dear,

State Senator

I believe that the way of voting for a president though the Electoral College is outdated. The popular vote should be deciding who becomes president. Some Runner-ups have had the backing of the popular vote and not won because of the Electoral College. Several things you should consider is people can actually vote though popular vote, the minority will have a better chance, and presidents have lost to the Electoral College.

First, People can actually vote, when people go to vote for the next preident or the returning one they arent actually voting for the president they are voting for electoral votes but some state wont even allow people to vote for that. Some states the electors vote for who they want and the peoples votes they are accounting for become nothing. They go out and vote for nothing. " Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana Legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors wiht new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy."(source 2) This is what cna happen when poeple can vote who they want and u have electors doing it for them they will put someone in the race that no one wants to really be there. But some poeple say that the Electoral College is there to help us and to help most states have the winner take all system. " The electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states."(source 2) which means that they won't visit every state because there is no reason to visit some.

Next, The minority will have a chance, If there ever is a deadlock in the campiagn the voting will have to go to the house which will be mostly filled with the majority side. So the minority won' have much of a chance." Because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state." (source 3) that means a close election isn't so close anymore because of Electoral vote. But some people will say u can never get a tie. " A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes-538- is an even number."(source 3)

Continueing on that note, Runner-ups have lost due to electoral vote but have won the popular vote."According to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore- tanks to the quirks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but lost preisidency."(source 2) Which means Al Gore would have been president and not the other guy. Which would have changed today in one way or another. Some people do say The electoral vote is for the better. " The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President." (source 1)But why do they get to vote for them and we dont.

In Conclusion, The Electoral College should be eradicated and the popular vote should take its place. The popular vote is better because people can actually vote, the minority will have a chance, Presidents loss becasue of Electoral Vote but win the Popular vote. In the end the Electoral College is outdated, unfair, and irrational.    