Although some say students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they might not take it serious, actually students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it is more relaxing and even if students go somewhere or get a emergancy they can still attends the classes online.

Eventhough students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home there is some students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they might not take it serious. Some students this way might not pay attention. Also they can use thier phone or do other stuff while the teacher is teaching and their grades could go down fast.

Students would benefit from being able to attend clases from home because it is more relaxing. This way students don't have any stress over getting class on time or missing any classes. Also students it is more relaxing because it is just yourself and the computer. So this way you don't have to worry about other kids or anything that would distract you. In a regular classroom at school there is some kids that distract the entire class and you just feel so hopeless because you are trying to learn but you are too distracted by the other kids. This way you can focus more and learn better.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because even if the students go somewhere or they got a emergancy you can still attend the classes online. This will benefit the students because it will minimize the days that you can't attend school. Also if you had a emergancy and have to go somethere far away you can still attend school by online. Also if you broke a bone on your leg or something and you can't walk you might miss a lot of classwork and lessons that are important to you. For this online classes are easy for you.

In conclusion eventhough some say students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they might not take it serious, actually students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it is more relaxing and even if students go somewhere or get a emergancy they can still attends the classes online.    