I think the election system should change to most popular state votes because it's only counting Americans who represent the Democratic and the Republican. The Electoral College does get its votes and completes the system but you have to vote for a slate of electors, not just that but voters can't always control their vote and voters would get confused about the electors and probably would vote for the incorrect candidate. The Electoral College is unfair.

In 1960, the Louisiana legislature nearly replaced the Democratic electors with new electors so John F. Kennedy wouldn't get the most popular vote, while that was going on electors were being defiant about voting for their party's candidate and voted for whoever they wanted to choose. also in 1960, a state sent two slates of electors to congress in Hawaii, but Vice President Richard Nixon validated his opponent's eclectors without establishing a precedent.

If the state uses a different system such as counting votes from different states, we wouldn't have as much problems we have with it now because the votes in the electoral college are outdated and irrational, even Bob Dole said "Abolish the electoral college!". Americans who vote in the electoral college would not be confused and fussy anymore about who their voting in a different type of system because the electoral college system would sometimes be unorganized and not allow equal votes.

An anachronism is a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled and receives the most popular votes wins the president election. the Electoral College method is not democratic because the electors elect the president only, Americans are only voting for the slate of electors and voting for the presidentail candidate. The winner of the electoral vote doesn't win the most popular votes, but in 2000, Al Gore had more popular votes than George Bush but less electoral votes than Bush

So the reason why we should retain the electoral college sytem because it's not fair because they avoid the run off elections which happened in 1968 and 1992 to Nixon and Clinton but the electoral college reduced the electoral votes in the run off elections, the electoral college never thinks about the outcome and almost have the winning president lose, in 2012 Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote and had the same percentage of popular votes than Romney, and the electoral college turn off potential voters for a candidate knowing their votes will have no effect because they don't pay attention to the campaign.    