Some people say it was created by aliens, some people think it is just a rock. That thing is The Face on Mars. In 1976 a spaceshuttle named the Viking one was taking pictures of the Red planet also known as Mars. To find a possable landing place for its sister Viking two. Vikking one was scanning one day and found something on the surface of Mars that resembled a face of a human. The people who were getting the pictures of Mars that were back on Earth were shocked to see a human face appear on another planet.

In the passage it says " It looks like something that aliens made". Like I said some people think its from aliens but, thats not logical. If aliens were real than I would believe it. Than again in the passage it also says that The "face" could be a mesa. Whenever they took a picture of it ten times sharper than the one before people still wouldn't believe that it is a rock and not an alien creation. When they say alien creation they think of an alien standing there and cutting into rock to make it look like a human face with a really big head.

In the passage it says that it is just a mesa. Some scientist think the way the shaddows are it makes the mesa look like a Egyptian Pharaoh. The passage says that they don't see it often and that they use cameras that go small strip by small strip all over the planet and take pictures. Since the Face on Mars has been discovered it has been popular it starred in movies, books, magazines, and people talk about it in talk shows on the radio, also people talk about in the line at he grocery story. It was discovered just about fourty years ago.

In my opinion I think it is some rocks that got covered up by dust overtime. If people think that it was created by aliens than that's their opinion. It has been scientifically proven that it was not created by aliens. If it was made by aliens then why would the aliens want us humans to know that there is life on that planet. But some pictures of the Face on Mars actually looks like a face but, that could just be the way the planet is getting light and reflected by the sun. So in my opinion I think it is a rock and all the people who think other wise they don't have proof to show that it is a alien creation.

So in conclusion this face on mars isn't a alien creation it is just rocks. In the passage it says that its a lava dome that takes place of an isolated mesa about the same size of the Face on mars which is two miles. So to all the people that think that it is an alien creation, its not. To be honest I think its just dust build up in some places, so when theres a shadow it shines off of it and makes a face that everyone freeks out about. Its just a big rock that does nothing I don't see why it would be a big deal in the first place. 