The author very well supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. They are very pasionate about the idea because they provide lots of facts and reasoning to further support the claim. The author uses support mainly focused on the idea in paragraphs 4, 5, and 6.

In paragraph 4, the author said that Venus is theorized to once be covered in water, able to provide homes for all sorts of little organisms. They also say that Venus might have been the "most Earth-like planet in our solar system." They compared it to Earth even more because of how it has a rocky surface and has similar valleys, mountains, and craters. The author spent time comparing Venus to Earth's surface and features for remote resembalance.

Later, in paragraph 5, the author mentions how NASA (The National Aeronautics and Space Administration) has "one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus." This furthers the point more that NASA is also trying to send humans to go visit and study our planet's "twin". The author then goes on, proceeding to help our visualization of NASA's plan, telling the reader that NASA would not directly put humans on Venus's surface, but rather have them float in a blimp-like vehicle above the startpoint of Venus's weather and "avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up ad out of their way." The author lastly pointed out how, even with the toasty weather, Venus' surface is still survivable for humans, even though it's not full of easy conditions.

Moreover, the author gives reasoning that "peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannnot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective." Researchers could also not be able to take any samples of anything from Venus from a distance if NASA were to proceed with the blimp-like plan, meaning that the researchers would have no other choice but to go down onto Venus to take samples, even though it's dangerous.

The author demonstrates how the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by explaining many supporting reasons. They make it obvious that Venus is indeed safe to visit under the right precautions and that, with all the facts provided in paragraphs 4,5, and 6, it is a planet that us survivable for humans. The author supports thier standpoint fairly well with all the information they provided, even referencing NASA. This author fairly supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers.