The electoral college has many inherint flaws that make it less desirable than a simple election by popular vote. It's only rebuttals to said flaws are weak, and provide little to no reason why the college is beneficial. So there is no real reason to have it in the first place. Popular vote stands to not only correct the errors of the electoral college, but also to refine our voting system. It would accomplish this by closer to a real democracy, and forcing the candidates to win over more people.

A democracy has long been revered as one of the best forms of government. It is more liberating than a dictatorship or monarchy in which people are governed by a higher class, which is more often than not decided by someone other than themselves. In a democracy however, people are given the ability to put who they desire in office. They have the ability to be governed by the person of their choice. This, however, is impeded upon by the electoral college. Because what it does is simply insert a middle man into an otherwise democratic society. We are forced to rely on people we elect to vote for us. Which is irrational as it is completely unecessary. The extra step only sets us up for deception and betrayal. I mean why would you trust a man on the street to cast a vote for you when doing so yourself is much more reliable?

Though why does it even matter if the candidate you want to vote for won't even come to your state? There's obviously no reason to vote democrat if your say will simply be overshadowed by the wave of republicans in your area. With popular vote though, candidates should be more inclined to visit as many states as possible and get their message out there. Because a 51% vote in a state no longer means a 100% victory. With the new influx of political campaigns, perhaps more people are swayed from their usual path of voting. While yes, there are neutral states that need a push either way, you're not going to increase your votes ten-fold by pushing past that 50% barrier. You actually have to earn every vote you get.

There is no real reason to keep the electoral college. It serves as a pointless middle man to an otherwise great government. Popular vote requires more out of the candidates, and puts more say into the individual vote.     