When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Explain why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Use specific details and examples in your response.

Sometimes when asking for advice, people talk to more than one person because it is difficult to get proper reassurance with only one person's opinion, a person may favor somebody else's opinion, rather than the first person they asked, or sometimes, others simply lack honesty. Many people like to see what others think about them, rather it be a new look, or needing guidance in a difficult situation. They may also be seeking reassurance, to make sure others think they handled a situation the correct way.

From time to time, people may seek reassurance from others, as it may be hard to give themselves that relief of knowing what they did was right. It is easier to be reassured by multiple people, rather than one, because a group of people is more likely to think of more different ideas, than an individual person. One person may tell somebody that they look good, or they did well at something, just because they wouldn't want to hurt that person's feelings. In contrast, a group of people may agree upon recommendations, or could even help the person, depending on the situation. Also, if a person is in a tight situation and asking a group of people for their opinions, somebody in a group may think of a response nobody else had thought of. Since multiple people will most likely have different ideas, a person may like somebody else's opinion, rather that the opinion of the first person they asked.

If somebody needs a quick response to their concern, they may ask a person near them, whether they deeply know the person, or don't know the person at all. Sometimes, in the moment, people need fast advice, although the advice may not necessarily be the best. This "fast advice" can make people feel better in the moment, but they still may not fully believe what the person had told them, especially if they don't have a connection with that person. This can cause the person seeking advice to ask other people what they think, just to be safe. If somebody asks other people the same question and gets a different response, they may value the second or third person's opinions, rather than the opinion coming from the first person they asked. For example, when going to get seen by a doctor for an injury, people may have multiple consultations for treatment, then choose which treatment plan best suits them. Therefore, having multiple valued opinions can help somebody make a decision that fits the situation, but also fits that person's own needs.

Trust is a big factor in terms of feeling safe. If a person doesn't trust somebody, they're not going to value or put much meaning to what that person tells them. It is a good thing to seek multiple people's advice because at times, somebody's biggest concern may not be being completely honest. Many people have been asked for their opinion, yet, they may not tell the truth. People have trouble telling the truth to people at times, simply because they worry that they may hurt that person's feelings. A lot of times, the thought process of the people that are lying is more along the lines of trying to be kind and respectful, rather than giving a fully honest opinion. Although some people might not tell the truth, others most likely will, if asked. Since honesty is a key component of trust, honesty is valued far more in rough situations, than just being nice.

If somebody asked only one person their opinion, it would be impossible to get a group's majority. As mentioned in the second paragraph, a majority of people can bring far more reassurance than one person. This can help somebody make better decisions, since there are other people that have examined the situation as their own, and have given thought out advice. As well, it is often a good feeling to somebody, knowing that multiple people acknowledge and care about them. People like when they have not been lied to, because it shows a relationship of trust. Trust can play a big factor, in terms of advice, because a person will not be able to believe other people's ideas, if they can't rely on the person. In conclusion, asking a group of people for advice can lead to different recommendations, an increased sense of relief, and ultimately, making better decisions. At the end of the day, it is important to ask others for advice because people have to make their own decisions. Sometimes it can be extremely hard for people to decide which path to take. Therefore, seeking advice from multiple people is a better way of guidance, and can lead people to make more effective decisions.           