"Ugh, I wish that I could just stay home and attend my classes online without having to leave home," I say to myself at least eight million times during the school day; taking a moment to think about it, I thought maybe this would be beneficial. Today we live in a society in which students attend classes on a daily basis, some who walk across the street to attend class, some who have at least an hour commute to attend class everyday, and some who take online courses, which is very beneficial. Although some may believe otherwise, students benefit substantially when they attend classes from their homes because it is an easier and more convenient option and some students may be unable to attend class due to an illness or disability.

First and foremost, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because this option is easier and much more convenient for students. For instance, my mom was very busy at home caring for my sisters and at the time, there was no way she would have been able to attend any sort of class, therefore, she found an online option for the University of Phoenix where she could earn a degree by completing an online course. Due to the fact that this option was an availability for her, she was able to earn her degree with the slightest of ease. Additionally, this convenience allowed her to still be able to care for my sisters and complete her online courses without the stress of attending the class in person. Undoubtedly, had she not had this easy and convenient option open to her, she would have never had the time to earn her degree. Another example of why attending online classes is easy and more convenient is when I was already late for class and then I got stuck in traffic on the way to my Spanish 3 class, resulting in me missing the entirety of the class. Had I been registered for the same class but online, I would have never missed the Spanish 3 final exam. For these reasons, online classes can be much easier, convenient, and beneficial when dealing with life's daily obstacles.

In most cases, online and video conferencing classes from home are beneficial to students because it enables a student who may be ill or disabled a chance to attend a class from their home, which may be a challenge for them if they were to attend it in person. For example, I have Lyme disease, which makes it difficult sometimes to attend class because I am always fatigue. With this in mind, I plan on taking a few online classes myself, and I am so glad that this option is offered for the school I want to attend, which is Virginia Tech. I will no longer have to worry about if I will have enough energy to get out of bed and make it to class or if my joint pain is just too much to bare because I have the benefit of being able to be within the comfort of my home and still attend class online. Certainly, had I not had this amazing, beneficial opportunity to attend class online, I would have not been able to attend class regularly, without it being somewhat challenging. Another example of why online and video conferencing classes are beneficial to a student with an illness or disability is illustrated the time my Generic_Name was in college and got an bad spinal and neck injury, allowing her to not be able to walk for months and having to be in a wheel chair. It was very difficult for her to attend her English, Psychology, and AB Calculus classes due to this disability. Her counselor recommended that she stayed home for a few months to recover and continue attending her very important classes via video conference while her professor was teaching. Ultimately, had she not reaped the benefits from attending her classes through video at home, it would have been an enormous task to make it to her classes on a daily basis. In conclusion, online and video conference classes are a huge advantage for students who have trouble attending their classes in person.

Some may disagree and say that online or video conferencing classes are not beneficial to students because they are not reliable enough to capture the actual environment of how a class my be like if a student were to attend it in person, resulting in an online student attendee not learning as much as a student who attends the same class in person. This reasoning is understandable, however, it is also flawed due to the fact that online courses teach the same exact curricula that is taught in an actual class. For instance, my friend Generic_Name took the same class that I did during the school year, however, she took the course online over the summer; the class was Economics and Personal Finance. When we both were tested on the material that we learned during the course, she scored higher than I did which shocked me. In conclusion, online classes have the same material and benefits just as much as an actual classroom has and does not hinder the knowledge gained for taking the class in either way.

Conclusively, it is important to understand that attending online or video conference classes from home are very beneficial to students because it is an extremely useful alternative to students. In the past, students never had the chance to benefit from this new, sophisticated way of learning through online or video conferencing and had to attend class in person because technology was not as advanced as it is today. In the future, technology will advance even more than it already has, making online courses even more beneficial, possibly resorting to only online teaching. Ultimately, students benefit substancially from attending classes via online or video conferencing and this option should always continue to remain an option for students that need the benefits that it has to offer.