Scientist know that the face is created by something else, but someone thinks aliens created it. I don't think aliens can do that. Many things could be the cause of the face on Mars, but I'm sure it's not aliens. Scientist have not proven that aliens are even real yet. If aliens were real scientist would know about it, and they might try to capture one. The face would of been causes by wind, the spacecraft, or it could of been a natural landform.

The face on Mars could have been caused by the wind. When planets rotate it could have cause some wind, and the wind could start to form piles of dirt. The dirt could have been moved into the shape of a face. The shadows give it an illusion of eye, nose, and mouth. The face didn't have any footprints around it so aliens couldn't done it. On Earth the wind blows, and pollen from one flower goes to another. Dirt on Mars could of blew to one area, and it could form a face.

Spacecrafts flying around Mars could have cause the face to appear. The air that is blowing out of the spacecraft could of blown the dirt into piles. Piles of dirts can form since the scapecraft is big. When the scapecraft takes off it could form the face because when air is blown out it leaves a mark. A spacecraft couldn't have left a mark by the face. The fuel on the spacecraft could of left a mark after blasting off Mars.

The face on Mars could be there naturally. It is the third planet from the sun. If there's any volcanoes; lava can explode out of it. Aliens wouldn't come out, and randomly make a face to scare people. The face on Mars must be natural because I don't believe that aliens are real. If aliens are real we probably would have seen one by now. Aliens can't be alive; if they were alive they would have to find food sometime.

However, the face could be have been maded by aliens. I'm stil shocked that people think they're real. I've never seen one before. aliens could be able to fly, and they don't have to touch the ground. The could pick up the dirt, and place it where ever they want to form the face. Inconclusion I still don't believe in aliens, but something had to happen to Mars. It could of been a natural landform or it could of been a spacecraft flying around Mars. They world may never know how the face was created, but I'm positive that aliens didn't create it.