Would you ever want to live on another planet if humans and other life could live on it ?The author well supports his idea about "The Challange of Exploring Venus".

There would be a little chance of any human or life to live on venus. On venus the planet reamins unliveable to human. In the many times they sent spacecrafts to venus, venus had claimed the lives of the people inside the spacecraft. Since then NASA would not send another space shuttle to venus and it has been like that for 3 decades now.

The planet venus also known as the "Evening star" is one of the brightes in the night sky. Venus is also like a twin of earth the characteristics of this planet is alike except for the speed and the size.

A thick atmosphere of about 97% of carbon dioxide covers the planet venus. When you pass that the surface of the earth is 800 degrees fahrenheit and verry deadly to any creacher that lives on earth. the atmospheric pressure is 90% than what we experience here. So why do scientist still study and figure out how life can form on this planet? well...Scientist want to study this planet because they believe it was similar and an earth-like planet. When the planet was and Earth-like planet it could have supported the life that lives on the actual earth now. On venus there were oceans,rivers,valleys,and ect. could we return to this planet? Scientist say that returning to earth is indisputable. Scients also want to figure out how they can send people there and be successfull? NASA want to design a blimp like vhical that can hover over venus without touching the unbarable ground but would give little insight of the planet. Scientist could not take samples of rock or gas or anything eles. Many researchers are tryin to come up with an idea so that they can get all their information on venus.

All in all, the author supports the idea of the life on venus and the past with great details that backs it up. Also that the author wants the readers to know that giving up on something will not help you succeed but to keep working on what you are trying to achive to get something great out of it and to figure out how to bypass the obsticals.