Dear state senator,

I believe that keeping the Electoral College is a good idea but I also think that changing to the popular vote is also a great idea. I think we should stick with the Electoral College because you vote for your president, vice president, electors, and where the electors meet all at the same time. I don't think we should change it to the popular vote because then it wouldn't be fair on the people thats running for president or electors, we also wouldn't be able to vote for everything all at once so it would make things very difficult.

Sticking with the Electoral College would be the best fit in my opinon. I believe its best to stick with because everybody knows how to use it, its been aroud for many years and it has always worked perfectly fine and has been fair. Under the 23rd Amendement of the Constitution, the District of Columbia is allowed to have three electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. The eletoral college consists of 538 electors. The majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. If we switched to the popular vote, it would be nothing like how the Electoral College works. The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice pressident, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. I personally like the way the Electoral College is ran/worked and thats why I feel like its best to keep it the way it has been for many, many years.

If we are to switch to the popular vote, people would b fighting and arguing constantly, there would be no piece. I dont believe anybody would be happy because thats not a fair way to choose how our President, Vice president and the Representatives should be picked. We pick a new president every four years so why don't we just keep it the way it been for a long time so we don't mess everybody up on their decisions. Another reaosn why I don't care to switch is because what if we run into a run-off election. If we run into one of those it would be hard to get out of it just because we wouldn't know what to do. Popular vote would also run us into " swing votes. " If we were to get stuck in a swing vote, everybody would have to re vote and then pray it dosen't happen again.

Now that I have explained myself in much detail on why I think the Electoral College should stay the same, and why the Popular vote should be thrown in the garbage, please take what I said into concideration. I'm sure I could be wrong on a lot of things but I hope I got my point out and accros on why other people and myself think it should stay the same.

Sinceraly,

PROPER_NAME    