Many schools require that all students must attend school, rather than doing an online school, while some schools allow students to chose to do online school. For most students, attending school shouldn't be an issue;however, that is not the case for some students. Although some may think that online school or video conferencing would prevent students from acquiring important skills that one would get from daily interaction, some students would benefit from online school because some kids may have more pressure to help out at home and many students have trouble focusing when around many other students.

Starting off, there are plenty of students that are more relied on at home and taking online school would give them more time to assist at home. For example, my friend lives in her apartment with her older sister who is diagnosed with cancer but still works almost everyday to provide for her family, her cousin who is mentally disabled and cannot work, and her mom who has a medical condition where she has trouble walking. My friend sometimes has to leave school early just to go to her job and works eight hour shifts, five days a week and stays up to do her homework or sometimes isn't able to complete it. Online school or video conferencing would save drastic amounts of time in order for her to be able to work more to provide for her family and be able to pay for online school and make meals for her family, while still getting her education. Overall, online school would be a better option for some students whose family situations may need a little more attention than others

Furthermore, some students may have a mental disorder that would prevent them from giving their full, undivided attention in the classroom. For example, one of my friends is diagnosed with Attention-Deficit-Hyperactive Disorder(ADHD). She gets distracted very easily, especially in a classroom full of students. My friend getting distracted constantly by the noises of a student tapping their pencil, someone coughing, or simply the presence of many people in a classroom has a largely negative impact on her school performance. For her, distance school would get rid of a good amount of those distractions, and help her focus more on her schoolwork. Therefore, some students who have personal complications, and taking online school would boost their educational performance.

In conclusion, while many think that taking online school would have students lack social skills for their future job, online school would have a positive impact for students who need to help out more at home and for students that physically attending school would prevent them from their full potential. Unfortunately, attending school is not the best option for some students, and having the choice of online school should definitely be provided to students who would greatly benefit from it.            