Seeking advice from multiple people will give you a sense of what other people think about the topic. Seeking answers from multiple people will give you more of an understanding about what is going on and what you should decide to do in order to produce a better outcome for you and for others. In order to make the right decision you need to be aware of how the majority of the people you ask view the topic. Asking questions about problems is how you become smarter. If nobody were to ask questions, nobody would be smart, and we would all still be living in caves. In order to gain knowledge we need to understand how things function in our world. We need to know what to do and what not to do.

There are many possible outcomes that could lead to bad things if you don't ask others' point of view on the topic. For example, a classmate named Generic_Name and I are having problems between ourselves. I do not know whether to apologize or to let the freindship die off. I ask ten people in my class about their opinion on Generic_Name. Nine out of the ten people think that Generic_Name has a very self loathing and snippy personality. They also say that he often does not care about his friends and only does things that please himself.

Because I asked my fellow classmates, I now have a sense of Generic_Name's personality traits. The majority of my classmates did not like Generic_Name very much. Mrs. Generic_Name, my math teacher, often gets mad at Generic_Name and sends him home with misbehavior notes for his parents to read. I now know that Generic_Name is not a very nice person and is prone to getting into trouble. Based on what I have heard from others and what I have learned in class about Generic_Name, I have come to the conclusion that it would not be a wise decision to become friends with Generic_Name again. Becoming friends with Generic_Name would set me up for failure. I would fall under the influence of Generic_Name and most likely get myself into trouble.

Asking multiple people's opinions can also be a great stradegy for the work environment. Getting advice from others at work can lead to multiple benefits. For example, I am working on a presentation for a new product, I ask my bosses whether or not they think it would be a good idea to implement a free fifty day trial. Eighty percent of my bosses deem it necessary to include a free fifty day trial. In the longrun, it would help push the customers to buy our product becuase they know they can always return it before the fifty days is up. As a result, on the day that the product was released to the public, we made thirty percent more sales than we had previously thought due to the fifty day free trial. That very same day my boss decided to give me a fifteen percent pay raise for my idea of implementing the fifty day free trial.

In conclusion, you will always arrive at the best decision if you ask multiple people's opinions. The best way to understand how the world works is to ask questions. Without questions we would still be living in caves with no electricity and wearing no clothes. "Two heads are always better than one", said the great Albert Einstein. Asking multiple opinions will produce a better outcome than just using you're knowledge on the subject. There is only one way to put this, it is a complete mistake for someone to go into something blind, you need to know your surroundings, it just so happens that the only way to avoid going into something blind, is asking people their opinions.                                      