In this essay I will be writing an argumentative essay over "The Face on Mars" theory. This is a very argumentative subject that can have two sides to itt based on the factual evidence in the passage."The Face on Mars" was consider to have been made by alien lifeform. "The Face on Mars" is 2 miles long and is a major pop icon.

I think "The Face on Mars" is just a huge rock formation that was formed by the planet's weathering and erosion from nearby rocks. Since this planet has a rain season and has a very windy winter, it could've been made by weathering and erosion. Another thing that makes me believe that the face is just a rock is because the dark eyes, nose, and mouth look like shadows from the camera and the sun. One last thing about the face is that if alien lifeform made this why woud they make it 2 miles wide? This has just been one side of the argument, I will write the rest.

I think that this face is made by alien lifeform because it really looks a face. This face could've possibly been a temple or worshiping place for these lifeforms long ago. It could've been a tomb for their leader or king that might've died. If these aliens were going to make a rock this big and that wide it would be for someone or something to catch it's eye. So aliens could've made this or they might not have.

I think that ultimately this is just a coincidence because if aliens are real or were real we would have got aa picture of one or saw some remains of one. And the rock is probably just a mesa or a big landform that was made by weathering and erosion. The face of the rock is most likely just shadows from the camera angle and the sun. And another thing, when the camera passed over the mesa, it was a cloudy and rainy day, making the camera lens wet.

I think that the rock is a mesa. The proof is in the article and it would have been noticed in the pictures if there was aliens living on Mars. So the non-alien side wins this argument over this one. The rock is not a face it is a normal rock.          