Would you keep the Electoral College how it is or would you keep it? I would want to keep it how it is. In the artical it says " the Electoral college is a process not a place.

why i think that we should keep it how it is because is concissed of it concissed of 538 electors and the majority of 270 elector votes is required to elect the president. your state is required to allotment of the electors to equal the number od members in its Congerssional delgation. Under the 23 Amendment the district of columbia is allocated 3 electors. each canidate running for state has the there own group of electors. Electors are genarall choosen by the politial party. you or who ever is voteing helps choose your states electors when you vote. but when you vote for your candidate you ae actually voting for you candidates electors. After the electon there is a Certificate of Ascertainment perpared by the governor listing all of the canidates who ran for President along with the hname sod their electors.

Althoe there are some reasons why the Electoral college should change. Richard Nixon, Jimmy carter, Bob Dole, and plenty of oothers think that it should change because according to a gallup poll in 2000 taken shortlyafer Al Gore he wonn the popular vote but lost the presidency dur to the quirks of the electoral college. in the Electoral College system people vote not for the prresident but for a slate of electors as i had said in the last pargrraph who in turn elect or the president. electors could be anyon not holding public office. voters sometimes control who there electors vote for. wich makes the voters sometimes get confsed about the electors wich makes them vote for the wrong candidate. In the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in the centery. in 1960 segegaters in Louisiana legslater nearly suceeddin replacing Democratic electora with new electors. So that the popular vote for Kennedy woulld not have actually gone to Kennedy. So them electors in the same vein they qould have to occasionally refuse to vote for the partys cannidate and cast a decideiing vote to who ever they please.

So as research shown ther are som eflaws in the Elecoral College.                            