Dear Senator of Florida,

I believe that we should keep the Electoral college for our compromise between the election of the president. I argue this because with the Electoral College we get to vote for who we believe is gonna help us out during thier years as President not the choice of the president who we might not believe or trust in anymore to vote for us or the other side. So I argue to keep the Electoral College to select our presidemt for the U.S.

The Ellectoral College lets us People who are able to vote vote for who we want. In "Does the Electoral College Work" Source 1: What is The Ellectoral College? written by the office of the federal register states that"by a popular vote of qualified citizens". This displays that we the peoplewho are suppose to be here in The U.S qualified and a citizen are allowed to vote four our people because those are our rights. So Mr. Senator please keep the ellectoral College by helping to keep it for the people of the U.S just like me.

If we are voting for president the majority of thr votes goes to the president who earn it which says that these people of the U.S need the president they voted for which is the president who won. In "source 3: In defense of the electoral college:five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" it shows in2. Everyones President that" The ellectoral college requirs a presidental candidate to have trans-regional appeal". So it not possible for a president to cheat its what the people choose for them to help them so the president they choose does what the people wanted or needed. Si I argue for you to do mea fovor and vote for the ellectoral College to stay as is.

In "source 2: The indefensible Electoral College: why even the best laid defenses of the sysem are wrong" they tell us wee voting for someone we dont want. But that is why you learn about your electors and who they want so you choose the one whon is going for you which is your president. Its as easy as doing a little research to find out who your really electing for as president of the U.S.

I believe that Us americans should keep the Electoral College so we can keep our rights as our nation for the people. That is what we fought for for our freedeom and our rights. So I argue Mr. Senator to favor in keeping the Electoral Collegeso we can get our electedpresidents for majority of people in the U.S. SO lets stay away from the presidents choice because that is not our rights we are the people for the people to vote for who we want as qualified citizens.    