Do you ever think that exploring a planet far from home is worth it? Astronauts take on the challenege to travel to Venus and to explore the mysteries of the planet. The author supports the idea of taking the challenge to Venus by stating that the planet is worth studying for regardless of what dangers pursue them.

Most astronauts from NASA are fascinated about the idea of the exploration of Venus. In article it says," Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it way well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." In addition, it also says," Some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." There are a lot of astronauts in NASA that are willing to take on the challenge to Venus and NASA has already been simulatiing prototypes to withstand the conditions similar to Venus. The planet is not just fascinating. it's also really dangerous for astronauts to travel there.

Exploring Venus is really dangerous that no one will be able to survive with such harsh conditions the astronauts have to face. In the text it says, " Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." In addition, the article also states, "Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to our sun." The conditions on that planet Venus are much worse than on Eath, the planet contains such heat that it is over 800 degrees Fahrenheit.

For conclusion, there are a lot of dangers and obstacles that the astronauts need to prepare for if the astronauts want to accomplish the challeneg to explore Venus. The author supports the idea of taking the challenge to Venus by stating that the planet is worth studying for regardless of what dangerspursue them.