sould we keep the elecoral collage or should we change it to election by how many popual votes for being the president of the unioted states.

what is the callage electoral ?

the electoral collage is a compromise between electing a president by voteing in congress and election of the president by how many popalar vote for qualified as to be a president.

teh electoral has many process such as meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress.

oto be elected for president u need to have a majority of 270 electorals votes cause the electoral callage consists of 538 electors under the 23rd amendment of the constitution, the district of columbai is allocated 3 electors and trated like a statte for purposes of the electoral collage.

pretty much each candidate running for president in any state has his or her own group of electors.

any president thats running for election is held every fore years on the tuseday after the first monday in novermber.

most states have a winner-take-all system that awards all electors to the winninfg presidential candidate.

elctoral collage they're not alone according to a gullup poll in 2000, taken shortly after al gore thanks to the quirks of the electoral collage won the popular.

the problem with electrola collage is that under the electoral collage system, voters vote not for the president , but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the president.

thje singel best argument against the electoral collage is whtat we might call the disaster factor. we consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electtors.

perhaps most worrying thing is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. and the election would br thrown to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote on the president.

at the most basic level, the electoral collage is unfair to voters. because of the winner-take-all system in eavh state, bcandiadates dont spend time in state they know they have no chance of winninf-g, focusinfg only on the races in the swing states.

collage method of selcting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state.

voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a sinle vote may decide a n election.

in my conculesion we should change the election by who has most popular votes for the president of the untied states, because it make more scence the election always go by votes and who ever have the most votes is elected for the president of the untied state. the eletoral collage system wasnt that good to many things going on i mean like it was kinad of good but not better then election on popaler votes.    