As we all know all of us need some advise at some point in our life. We ask for advise to get through rough times, bad situations, and even life itself. Three main reasons why we ask for advise is because we all have fights in friendships,get into bad relationships,and struggle in school.

First of all, we all have our fights with friends over periods of time. They can happen because both of you could like the same handsome and popular boy in school. Fights with your friends can even happen with liitle things like a disagreement and start to fight over that. It happens it's part of life. Another example is you not going to their birthday party last year and you both stop talking to each other. Make it up to her this year and try to plan to go to that brand new amusment or water park that just opened a few days ago.

Secondly, girls could get into bad relationships and not know what to do. To all of the girls out there we all get into bad relationships. I can tell you I have had many of them in my life. We all fall for that cute,pretty, and sinister smile on their face. I have seen it so many times it's unreal to belive that once we say yes we fall into their plan to take our hearts and just tear them to shreds. Boys can be like that. They plan to trap us and never let us go to see the bright beam of love again. Until you meet another one who is more caring and loving and you start to feel that sensation you used to feel and you know you found the right one.

Finally, we all struggle in school. It's like you try and it's not enough to power through the year you are there. I have been there so many times that I can't count. I struggled in math so much I wasn't passing in that class. It was so hard for me to where I had melt downs and called me stupid and dumb. I was at the point to where I wanted to just give up and quite everything I had done. My mom and dad on the other hand had my back and they still do to this day. They tell me that i'm not stupid and dumb and to just keep trying and to push on and to always look ahead and never look back.

To sum it up, all of us have our bad and good days and that's okay. We all find away to push forward and get through it together. As I said in the beginning we all ask for advise because we all have fights in friendships,get into bad relationships,and even struggle in school. All I have to say is don't stop trying if you don't make it try again and just don't stop fighting. 