In education we always have a choice to choose rather we get our education at home or through public and private school but which one is the right choice ? Throughout this essay we will explore the pros and cons on which one is the more beneficial choice. Many kids in life go to public schools since the start of their education life but there are those that choose to get education at home. A child's personality also adds on to what the better choice might be for that certain individual. There are a lot of benefits and non-benefits to having a student attend classes from home. I don't think that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it will have a negative effect on motivation, lack of support, and prevent a student from learning valuable lessons in life and prevent them from learning about their identity.

Many students in attending classes from home will face not being motivated to get their work done and also face a lack of support through difficult learning periods. Having classes at home would make being motivated to learn much harder than attending classes in school. We all at one point no longer want to continue trying to grasp how important it is to learn and be educated but with support from teachers and others we find it more insuring to continue learning and broaden our education. Learning certain lessons that are hard to comprehend without support is a difficult task. Students at home would be prone to more likely give up and not try as hard to understand the material. Unlike a student in a classroom with peers around that can help and that extra assistance of a teacher there to explain. Everyone needs that extra push in difficult times with classes at home there would be no one to constantly keep us on task and help us learn. The lack of motivation and support that is much needed are reasons on why classes from home are not beneficial to students.

People will argue that some benefits of attending classes from home is better by stating that it prevents students from being bullied and gives students a better environment. Kids of all age face the chance of being bullied in their education years. There will be a chance of a student being pulled regardless of the learning environment. At home away from others may seem like it will prevent bullying but it won't. Through social media kids can be targeted and parents may not always know that this is happening because kids won't know what to do. Attending classes in school will teach students important lessons on what to do in these cases. They make students aware of bullying that can either happen in school or online and give them lessons on what to do and seek help. With classes at home kids will not know what to do and stay quiet thinking that there is no way out of a bullying situation. A good environment is always wanted for a child who is getting their education but an environment at home even though it looks beneficial may not always be the case. Having a student attend classes at home takes their chances of learning social skills that are gained through public schools and interactions. Through classes in schools students learn to work with others and gain skills that will help in the future with co-workers and everyday life. Classes at home make an oppressive environment where a student doesn't gain these skills which in the end will effect how well they can interact with others in society. In the end, attending classes in school is much better than online because of how it helps with bullying and teaches student important social skills.

Finally attending classes at home keeps a student from developing their identities and learning more about themselves. In life we always struggle to learn new things about ourselves and broaden who we are. Through challenges students face in school and the friends they make better help them understand who they are and develop their identities. Interactions in schools, different friend groups, and learning about the world in classes with others help students shape their identities. Students learn new perspectives from others and get to choose whether to agree or disagree but with online classes we don't have all these opportunities that help students develop their identities and broaden who they are.

Attending classes in school gives students chances to better learn about themselves by providing classes in the arts, technology, cooking, management, and much more. These classes in different areas help students learn about who they are and gives them a chance to explore and also give them social skills. Online classes restricts a student from exploring and learning what they like or dislike to do which will have negative effects when they seek a career. Attending classes from home is not beneficial because it keeps a student from developing their identities and learning about themselves.

Students will face many hardships in life but through going to school and attending classes in school they will learn valuable lessons and learn about themselves. A student will face being unmotivated but with help support from peers and teachers they will get through those times. Online classes are not beneficial to a student because it prevents them from gaining social skills and makes it harder from them to go out in the world. Even though, it may seem like online classes will prevent bullying and be a better environment that is not the case. It will hurt the student more by them not knowing what to do in cases of being bullied and also keeping them in an oppressive environment away from others. Classes in school help shape a students identity, helps them learn about themselves, and the world. In conclusion, attending classes from home is not more beneficial because of the lack of motivation, lack of support, and how it doesn't help shape a students identity. What do you think is more beneficial for a student online classes or classes in school?         