Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Have you seen our earth? It needs help. That's why i think you should make kids do community service! It will make our earth cleaner. I will tell you a couple reasons why i think kids should do community service!

Well to start off, i think kids should do community service is because all kids do when they get home from school is watch television and play video games! But with everyone coming together we could make this place a more efficient place to be upon. I also know some kids wont be happy about this, but when they realize they are working together to help the community they should feel better about themselves. Kids should get out of the house more often and help out with the environment. I hope kids start getting out more to help out our healthy world.

In addition, I think there are plenty of things to do outside! A couple examples to do outside would be to pick up trash or tutor someone. If you pick up trash, people might notice and they will stop throwing stuff out of there car window. They also might help pick up trash. If you help someone else they other person will benefit with a better education, that will be needed for a good job later in life, or the kids might be nice to other people since you were nice to them! You might want to do other things that i didn't mention, and that is fine! As long as you make it to were the kids at SCHOOL_NAME do community work, this planet will be looking good in no time!

Last but not least, I think it is good to help out. You can get a lot by helping others! If you do sports or something in that category then you could be recognized at the end of the season for volunteering outside of school. This could be useful if you want to do something and you have a good back ground! Getting recognized for helping out is a great way you could be a better person! TEACHER_NAME if you let children help out, it will be great for them!

In conclusion, I told you it would be a good thing for the kids so they are not at home watching television and playing video games all day! Then i also told you there are plenty of things to do outside for the environment! Finally i told you it would be good for kids to help out with the outside world, not just in school! I no it'll take time away from school, and we need our education but if you think about it kids may want to help out, some might just be to afraid to say something!