Summer break for students can be a very extensive time period, and during this time students tend to halt the learning process. Consequently, select schools require students to complete a summer project to ensure they do not stop learning over the long break. The projects can be assigned by the teacher or chosen by the student, this varies depending on what the teacher wants you to do. Upon receiving a Teacher-designed project, students will all have to complete the same project opposed to student-designed projects where the project is innovated by the student and it is most probable to see a majority of students with vastly different projects. With that being said, If I were to have to complete a summer project, I would want it to be a teacher-designed project.

To begin with, I believe that executing a teacher-designed project would be less stressful than it would be opposed to it being student-designed. When a teacher assigns you a project, it has more than likely been executed in the past. for that reason, it will undoubtedly make researching for the project go a lot smoother than it would if you are researching something that has never been done. During the summer break, students are busy playing video games, relaxing at the beach, and hanging out with friends, with that being said it will be less stressful to just carry out a project you have been assigned, instead of having to spend time brainstorming. Not only do you have to discover the project in general from scratch when doing a student-designed project, but you have ponder about how you are going to conduct the project itself, and this process can take days off of students precious summer break.

To add on to this, one students self innovated project will be different from another, leaving no opportunity to get support from other classmates. Conducting a teacher-designed project will give you the opportunity to share ideas with fellow classmates, for the reason that you will all be working on the same project. Teacher-designed projects also give light to the idea of having a partner. To continue, with a student-designed project most kids will have projects that vary majorly, on the other hand, with a teacher-designed project students will be able to work together with a friend and only have to do one project if thats what they wish to do. Organization is another viable issue, with a student-designed project you may get confused about how to carry out the project leaving it potentially incomplete or sloppy. On the other hand, if you are doing a teacher-designed project instructions will likely be clearer and you have will likely get a grading rubric to follow.

Some opposed to this may say, "I do not want to do a summer project anyways, therefore let me choose the topic". I agree that the topic of the project may be more interesting if it is student-designed, but if the project is teacher-designed you will learn more. Student designed-projects will not test the brain as much as a project that they know nothing about will. Moreover, students will be put to the test more if they have to research something that is beyond logic. Even though you will learn more doing a teacher-designed project it still the easier option. For that reason, teacher-designed projects are the better fit because the whole point of making students do a summer break project is to ensure that they learn as much as possible.

In conclusion, although student-designed projects are helpful the teacher should be the one innovating these summer projects. Teacher-designed projects accomplish both being the least stressful and being the least tedious. In that light, they should undoubtedly be the way summer break projects are conducted. This summer break if students have to do projects it should be a teacher-designed project, not only for the benefit of the students but the teacher will also be able to grade the projects easier because all of the projects should be similar. To sum it all up, Teacher-designed projects are the clear winner, therefore if I ever have to do a summer project that is the way I would want it.