Dear, state Senator

Electoral College should be abolished because the electors may help ruin the president election and large states are not vistied or spoken to from the president other than small states. Sources from source 2: The Indefensible Electoral college: why even the best - laid defenses of the system are wrong by Bradford Plumet. Reason 1  explains that many electors could ruin the president campaign and Reason 2 states many elector go for big states to cast in more votes other than small states.

Many may not realize but when they vote they're not voting for the president, they're voting for state electors, for example "each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee" although each party chooses a trusted elector many can betray the party and select the other party. Also the betray can cost the presdient election dearly for instance Bradford stated " back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. kennedy.(So that a popular vote for kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy)". In other words the electors can ruin the president campaign and may cost most of the states problems.

The electors want to cast in more votes from big states other than small states. Source 2 quoted " Because of the -take- all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. Even though you would like to vote for your campaign the electors may not even visit other sates because they may think the other campaign has a better shot at getting more votes, but they do not know that maybe spoken words for the president may get more votes. also many may not even see any ad for the campaign, for example " During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." The author explains that many electors don't even see most staes because they are small states and they may not get as much votes compared to larger states.

Electoral College should be abolished because the electors may help ruin the president election and large states are not vistied or spoken to from the president other than small states. Electoral college may seem an unfair disadvantage for most voters many of their campaign that they want to win can be rather at a disadvantage or advantage depending on their electors,  many electors may betray their campaign because they're not pubilicly held in office. Lastly the disadvantage is that many voters want to see what and how they are going to change or improve their well being, but most electors and campaigns do not visit the states that want view and know the candidates better. The electoral College should be abolished for the matter of the voter and the United States of America. In my opinion we should be allowed to vote on our own, for example instead of voting for an elector we should just vote on the type of campagin whose better and meet our daily bases needs.    