Due to the rise in technology, schools around the globe have started to switch to a new style of learning through online and digital classes. These classes allow students to stay at home and still have the ability to get lessons and teachings from school. These online classes also have the capability to conference with teachers through video conferences. I believe this type of technology is very useful and will be beneficial to children around the globe because it allows students to have more free time to do what they want, and lets them have a distraction-less, safer environment to work.

The ability for children and teens to have online classes would be very beneficial because allows students to be at home, letting them have more time to act on their other interests. At school students spend a lot of unneeded time either walking around or doing extra things that may be needed for their studies, outside of their main classes. When students have the ability to stay at home this offers a lot of this down time to be spent working on projects of their interest or improving on their abilities that they may have not been able to do at school. For example, a teen may be into programming computers and has all of the equipment needed at home. In between or after finishing school work, this student will be able to have the time to use his own computer to program, and lets this student work on this skill that he wishes to pursue in his later career. The student would have the opportunity to fulfill this unneeded time at school to do tasks he enjoys during the day. Another thing that takes up a lot of time is transportation to and from school for kids who live long distances away. With the ability to work from home, this long distance transportation is removed leading to more time for activities enjoyed by a student. For example, If a student was able to take away that 30 min to school and back, it allows that hour to be spent on an activity that the student might want to pursue. Due to these reasons it would be highly beneficial for a student to learn from home, due to the unneeded time being taken away and adding more free time for other tasks.

Another reason for online schooling being beneficial for students is that it keeps the student safer. The student away from sicknesses that may be spread due to the mass amount of people in a school. Staying at home and learning keeps these students away from any harmful sicknesses that may be caught at school. This may be very helpful for people that are more prone to sickness or have weak immune systems because it keeps them from the danger of being seriously harmed. The ability for these people to stay at home also causes them to be less distracted from the thoughts of getting sick and letting them stay focused on learning. Due to the rise in school shootings around the country, this ability to learn online keeps these students and parents safe from this fear. Students staying at home, allows the distraction of an intruder coming into the school to be exterminated and once again lets them focus on learning. Being safer is one reason why online learning from home would be a better option to learn without the distraction of being in danger.

Although online learning would be a very beneficial to students, people who learn at home will lack some communication skills that would be needed later in life. Students in school are forced to interact and learn how to communicate with one another while in school. Students who learn at home do not get the opportunity to see other people on a daily basis and learn things certain skills like how to talk to certain people and when to talk. This skill will be very important later when trying to apply for a job and working with fellow partners. So people who will learn from home will certainly be at a disadvantage when communicating with their co-workings due to the lack of practice. To go along with talking to others, these online learners will not get the same high school experience of that of their peers. From things like pep rallies, high school football games, and dances, online learners will not be able to participate in these things when learning from home. Without this constant lack of communication students get at school, these online learners will also not have the experience to make as many friends. Even though their are many benefits to having online schooling, not being able to associate with people from all walks of life is a major disadvantage to it.

Online schooling is a recent form of schooling which allows students to be at home and learn the same information as students at school. The use of online school is certainly going to increase in size as new ideas and thoughts begin to approach. Even though this online school may change the way the worlds schooling has been used throughout the years, it is a big step in technological advancement. Although there may be some affects to online schooling, I believe that it is beneficial for students to have online learning because it allows students the time to focus on activities they want to use in the future and takes away safety distractions students may have in school.            