In our society, technology is advancing significantly by the day. What was once a letter that took 10-day trip overseas to its appropriate destination is now just a simple text message that reaches a person within seconds. The automobile is an innovation that has also advanced dramatically, enough to the point where almost every person who can afford to have one does because of its necessity when transportation becomes a factor. The idea of a car becoming "driverless" is simply another boost in the technology available to cars today, as discussed in "Driverless Cars are Coming." Due to its many benefits, driverless cars are a positive additon to our society.

Driverless cars offer a multitude of benefits for any passengers that might use them for transportation. For one, the necessity to have to buy or pay off a car would essentially cease to exist. If computer-operated vehicles were capable of driving in all areas, then what would the need for having your own car be? Even if the car wasn't "fully automated" and the driver would have to take over at some point, the less work you have to do, the more time you have to work on something else. The article addresses this topic "Some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays." The biggest asset that the consumer gains from a driverless car is time, while still being transported in a safe and reliable vehicle. This reinforces the advantages available to consumers who use a driverless car.

Speaking of safety, there is not a vehicle more safe than one that is more or less "automatic." With autmoated cars, drivers will be able to transport themselves without having to add the extra element of driving into a day that might be stressful. However, not all cars are fully capable to driving themselves yet without driver assistance. The good news? This innovation still grants a tremendous amount of safety to the driver in charge. The features previously cited as being used as tiem fillers can also be quickly changed to inform the driver that they need to take over: "Such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over." An advantage to this approach is that if all communication and distractions from within the car is shut down, then the driver has no choice but to focus on the road, another argument for the push of driverless cars.

The last topic at hand with these types of vehicles skims along the lines of controversial. Liability is a very integral part of the car industry, accidents will always be an issue, as cited by the article: "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" Would smarter cars help this problem? First off, it's important to acknowledge that accidents happen on the open road every day, with the primary cause being mistakes that drivers make. Therefore, manual vechicles are not necessairily dangerous, but are not as reliable as an automatic vehicle. Think about other practical additions that help consumers, such as a lifeguard on a beach. If they weren't there, would we be as safe? Probably not. Therefore, if the addition of driverless cars ensures that a safer option is available, then it only makes sense that the advantage should be taken.

In conclusion, driverless cars have brought about many new benefits in our society. From their ease of access to consumers to the top level of safety features that are sure to be made available in them, they will clearly become the top option of vehicle to use in our society once enough of them are made. This technological innovation is capable of doing many wonders in the automotive industry.