Dear Principal,

Imagine, the streets of Sparta,New Jersey clean as a whistle. well Lately some of my friends have been performing community service. They have been saying how important this was to our community. While my other friends said this was a huge waste of time and takes away from things they want to do . I believe that community service is the right thing to do. For one it will look good on the students diplomas for college. It will also make students more looked upon by kids and adults. Lastly it will make the streets of Sparta clean as a whistle.

One reason why community service is good thing is because it will look good on kids college diploma. When a college goes to accept a child they don't just look at grades. They look at what extra curricular activities they do. Community service shows the colleges that the kids will help out society if they want. This is also an EXTRA curricular activity so they weren't forced to do this. They did it because they wanted to and that is a great way to look at a student. The kids will also be more likely to be accepted by higher ranked college.

Another reason the community service is good for kids is because the students will be looked up upon by adults and younger children. The adults always get mad when the kids are skateboarding through the mall and are almost hitting people. If they do the community service the adults will like the kids more because they are helping out the community. The kids also look up to older kids. For example, if they see an older kid picking up garbage of the road or even just a brother they will want to be big like them and do the same thing as them.

The last reason on why community service is a good thing is it will make streets or maybe even highways cleaner. The streets of some towns not just Sparta are not always clean. If the kids start to pick up the trash on the side of the road the streets will get cleaner. It could also effect those who through their trash out their car window. For example, they might say wow look what I'm making these kids do. I'm making them cleanup after me. This could get someone like that to stop throwing their trash out a window and start putting it in a trash can. It could also inspire them to help out or support the cleanup.

In conclusion, community cleanup is a good idea. For one it will look good on kids diploma for college. It will also make more respected by adults and children. Lastly it will help make roads and sidewalks clean to walk on and no flying debris. I hope you consider my letter and make community service a necessary job for the students

From,

STUDENT_NAME