I think that seeking multiple opinions is the best choice for someone to make their own decision. They will have more opinions to be influenced by, they could have advantages and disadvantages about thinking of other people's opinions, and they could get more opinions from trusted adults who could have the same similarities.

First of all, someone who seeks multiple opinions will have more options to be influenced by, so that they can think about their own decisions. Seeking multiple opinions will help them decide which opinions they would prefer to help them pick from. This person could have a number of options to decide from so that they will get more ideas for the advice they could recieve. Asking for advice from one person is not a very good way for getting opinions, because that person will not have as many options as a great deal of people could have. The person getting advice should not decide on one person to get opinion from because they might not get as many ideas as they would like to get. Having more opinions to influence from can make up a huge decision for a person that is seeking more to options.

Second of all, they could think of the advantages and disadvantages of other people's opinions. They might not think that a lot of people have the best opinions for them but they can figure out which options they can pick out of a whole bunch. When they ask people for advice, they could get a number of good or bad reasons that they must choose from so that they can decide which ones they approve of the most. It might be hard for someone to figure out which options they should pick from unless you can pick a few opinions from each person and mix them up. One decision can contain different methods or opinions from someone and they do not have to be all the same thing. This person is able to decide whichever opinion they choose from even if there may be many consistent and inconsistent choices.

Third, getting more opinions from the people you trust can affect the similarities and differences you have between eachother. Different people will have different ideas and options from their perspectives on different kinds of things. It is best to decide whether or not they have the same opinions or ideas, to see if they could bond to make new decisions. Everyone that that person picks from to get advice, could have the same opinions as others or different. Depending on people you trust may have better opinions then those of the people you do not trust. This person might think that the people they do care about or know more, have more ideas to pick from and approve from because they know and trust them most.

In conclusion, I think that seeking multiple opinions is the best choice for someone to make their own decision. Asking for advice from multiple people is the best option because you get more opinions to choose from different kinds of people. Seeking multiple opinions can help the person see what other people think of which decision is best for them.