My name is Proffesor Yado, and my colleague and I were discussing on the infamous "Face on Mars". My colleague believes in superstition and conspiracies so he stated that the face on Mars must be of extraterrestrial origin. I said that was porposterous, but my colleague continued to try and convince me to no availe. I told my colleague there are many reasons why the some scientists and people thought the "Face on Mars" looked like a face. I then procedded to tell him my reasons.

First off, cameras at the time were not as advanced as they are today. The cameras of the day would "distort the image and it would only capture the major features of the butte or mesa. The most recent image taken of the "Face on Mars" in 2001 looks very different from the original image taken in 1976. If there was a actual structure left by aliens, modern cameras would be able to see it. The the more modern cameras of today are able to see the more defining features of a object.

Secondly humans are remarkably good at seeing faces when there is not one there. When you look at a wall socket you can see what resembles a face when there is not one there. It is the same thing with the "Face on Mars". With the aid of shadows from the Sun, are ability to see faces when none are there, and the angle the picture was taken, the butte or mesa looks remarkably like a face or some alien made structure.

In response to what I said my colleague had some things to say to try and disprove me. Due to my colleague believing in superstition and conspiracies he believed NASA and the government are hiding the truth from us. He stated they were hiding this from us because of what happened with H.G. Wells The War of the Worlds, which caused a massive panic. The government don't want another mass panic so they have been keeping us away from the truth that aliens exist. My colleague also stated that possibly alien markings were hidden by haze as some other theorists thing so. I thought that was perpostourous but my colleague still believed the theory of aliens existing.

Even thoug hmy colleague still believes in the "Face on Mars" to be a alien made structure. I still believe it's only a butte or mesa. With my evindence of the "Face on Mars" only looking like a face due to the techonology of the time, the shadows of the sun, the angle the picture was taken, and our ability to see faces when none are there, I believe I have conclusive evidence that the "Face on Mars is nothing but a butte or mesa.