Dear, Senator

In my opinion you should just leave the Electoral college system the way it is. I think you should leave it like how it is because nobody gets to over come power. Everyone in the electoral system have the same amount of power. Its keeps everything organized. There is no problem in it, everyone like the way it is but there are couple of people that really don't go along with it. Some of the people that don't go along as what the electoral system says because they like having power. They don't care what the people got to say, they are only worried about having that power and changing the system. If they every change the system to popular votes for the president it would be a honest choice. I say that because everyone gonna choice a person then other people is going to count and give out the number, whoever has the highest number win. So I think it would be a honestly choice, but in the system everything is organized, everything is already known. This has been done for the longest. Other president already used the electoral system and it wouldn't be fair to use this other system to choose the new president. Everyone knows already what there job is, and if they would have to change it people would be confused. There going to have to start again from fresh. People being not sure if they doing it right or wrong, and it would take longer to choice a president.

So just think about i just said. It might help you choice the right choose but it might not, but i still think that the electoral system is a way better way to help choose a president. There is step to choosing him. There are people that already know what to do with there job, its easy for them. So many times they did it that they are professional at doing it. If we would change it, like I already said they would be confuse, lost. In my opinion the electoral system is way better an easier. Everything is known and better. Its in the constitution. People already knew about this and now y'all trying to change everything. It wont make some people happy some of them gonna get                            