Have you ever had a hard choice to make and needed a lot of advice? Is it easier to just listen to one person's opinion or many?

Seeking multiple opinions for advice can help you greatly when you need to make a decision. It helps to hear from people who hold different perspectives and beliefs, have different experiences, and many different opinions.

A lot of people think differently and have different beliefs, even with their religion. Therefore, by listening to just one person, you may only get that one person's opinion about what he or she believes is right. It is important to listen to what many others have to say in order to make the best decision for yourself. Recently, I got a bad grade on a math test. My grade hadn't gone below a 98% in Algebra so far. This test brought me down a whole letter grade. I didn't know if I should retake it or not. I knew it probably wouldn't bring my grade up much. However, I still didn't know what to do. I asked my Math teacher, my parents, and a few of my friends. Each looked at the situation differently. After listening to all of these perspectives, I put them together and formed my own decision. As long as I did my homework and got a good grade on the next test, I would be back up to an A and not have to retake it. I was helped a lot by getting different opinions of people with different backgrounds.

Also, different people have had different experiences, when preparing to go into 8th grade, I couldn't decide which elective class I should take. I narrowed the decision down to either Art or Tech Ed. I didn't know what to do, so I asked all three of my older sisters who had recently gone through Generic_School, the school that I was currently at. One of my sisters said she loved Art and I should take it. Another said that a lot of boys enjoy Tech Ed, and you get to build a lot of cool stuff. I was still on the fence, so I asked my dad. He said the stuff you do and the tools you use in Tech Ed will be a lot more useful as my life went on. I came to the final decision of Tech Ed. This is just one example of why asking for advice of multiple people with different experiences is so important. If I had just listened to what my first sister said, I would probably be doing Art.

Lastly, by listening to what many other people say, It helps you form a better conclusion for yourself. It is important to listen to others opinions so you can form your own. Humans can do so much more when they put their minds together. Getting many perspectives from other people and putting them together to form the best decision is the best way to do it. It is imperative that your choice reflects what many people say, and not just one. There are so many different opinions to be heard.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. There are many different opinions out there. People look at things differently and have different beliefs, and everybody doesn't have the same experiences. Even on just little things like retaking a test or figuring out your courses for the upcoming year. Listening to other peoples opinions will always help you form the best one. 