There was no technology back when the Mona Lisa was made. They had pictures and the picture showed emotion. There are some people that can see the emotions of people and some are herd to see then others. They are making technology to read the emotional expressions and that it knowns when your lieing. There are pictures that show emotion, people that see other peoples emotion, and now there making technology that reads emotional expressions.

First, of there are pictures of people and there always will be. In those pictures you can see someones emotion and how someone is feeling. Back then they only had pictures to see. From theose pictures most artist and people could see peoples emotions, but it was meanly the artist that could read someones emotion. The artist could see throw someones fake smile or if it was real. That's why there pictures showed how many emotion she had.

Next, there are some people that can read others emotion and for it's hard or they can see them. Everybody is different most people that read somebody's emotion is because there a love one or a every good friend and they can read your emotion. There is just other people that don't care. Most people should be able to see if your angry, sad or happy. Those emotions are easy to see, kids show it all the time even when there not feeling so good.

Finaly, there is technology being made that reads someones emotion. The technology even know's when it is a lie. So somebody can just take a picture of somebody and there emotion. There is going to be a person that lie's the technology. Technology isn't going to make you feel better. That person is going to need a love one or a close friend, to help them out.

There always going to be somebody close by that will help you out. Could be throw a picture and that could help you. Or a friends that sees you happy, sad, or mad. The technology might tell them there emotion, but wont help them out. There are pictures that show emotion, people that see other peoples emotion, and now there making technology that reads peoples emotional expressions.           