What do you like to do after school? The answer is probably go home and relax. But wouldn't it be great if everyone did an extracurricular activity. Their is so much fun and exciting things to do other than just go home and relax for the rest of the day. I think kids should have to do extracurricular activities because you make new friends, you help out your school, and it creates other opportunities.

While doing extracurricular activities you can make new friends. Making new friends is bound to happen while doing extracurricular activities, you and another person are just going to click and get along with each other very well. Making friends with the people that do the same extracurricular as you can have a lot of benefits. Take this for example; I play football and my friend Generic_name doesn't. So when I try telling Generic_name about the struggles that I am going through on the football team or something important about the team, he can't help me with my problem because he is not involved. But, if I have a friend on the team then he can help me with my problems and I can also help with his or her problems. Overall, extracurricular activities help make friends that can help you through things.

Some extracurricular activities help out the school and the community a lot. It may be in a small way but it still helps. Groups that make the yearbook or students that serve on the student council are helping the school out. They are helping to keep the school in order and to keep students happy. Other extracurricular activities like football and basketball help their school and community by winning games this helps the school make money, it helps the community by providing entertainment. Some schools even have environmental clubs that help the school, the community, and even the world. All in all, extracurricular activities help the school and community.

Most importantly extra curricular activities create more opportunities. When doing extracurricular activities you might find out that you are really good at something. People that are good at sports often get scholarships to play sports in college. You might write a school news paper and find out that you are a really good writer and could possibly become a writer or find another job that involves writing. Also doing these extracurricular activities will go on your resume and help you get into college. Extracurricular activities create so many opportunities it is outstanding.

In conclusion, extracurricular activities have a lot of benefits. They can help you make friends, help your school and community, and create new opportunities. People may not want to do extracurricular activities but it will help you out later on in life and you will have plenty of fun. 