Why multiple viewpoints are better than one

Do you want to know the best way to get help and make the best choice for yourself? All you need to do is get viewpoints from multiple people, and ask for their differing opinions. Why is this the best thing for you to do? Today I will explain why and hopefully sway you so you can do this in the future, and make the best out of the people around you.

Getting multiple opinion is a good thing. Why? First of all, it lets you get the ideas of others. All people will most certainly not have the same ideas, so you can see what other people have to say about things. You might be sided with one persons idea, then after being able to view other peoples idea, you might shift your viewpoints. This can be a good thing because you might not always have the best, or even the right idea for yourself. Viewing other peoples ideas and thinking about them can cause you to think about more than just one idea, so you can make the best out of others ideas. This can help you make good choices because it allows you to see multiple angles, not just one.

It can be beneficial to you when you ask for different peoples advice. It can strengthen your ability to view all parts of the situation, which leads the ability to make the best possible choice you can make, in any given situation. Also, some people might have more experience with the sort of situation you are in. For example, a person that is 15 might not have that good of advice for, let's say, parenting. Their advice is not valid because they have no experience. However, going to someone else, like a person in their thirties to forties, would have a much better advice that would help you in the situation, because they have had at least five to ten years of experience behind them.

I know that getting advice from more than one person is one of the best things you can do, is because it have done it in my life, and i have had some rewarding benefits. I had to do a project for school, where I had to make a model that displayed what I had learned in that unit. I did not really know what I was going to do, so I asked my parents. They helped me come up with an idea, but the rest was up to me. I then came to ask my older friend, who had done this project before. He helped me come up with how I was going to make it, and display it with confidence to the class. When all was said and done, I got an A on the project. Afterward, I pondered what I did in order to get the good grade. I remembered that I had sought the opinion and ideas of 3 different people, and I had done the very best I could have done. In the future, I would remember that project, and how rewarding it was to get help from multiple people.

Why is getting help from multiple people the best thing you can do? I helps you make the best possible choice, you can see different peoples views and ideas, and it strengthens your ability to see all sides of the situation, whatever it may be. I hope that in the future, you will think to seek others ideas and opinions. I hope that you will be able to make the best choice, and that you can get rewarded for doing so. Remember, multiple viewpoints are better than one.