In paragraph 4 it says "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with Oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth.

The author also states that, Today, Venus still has some features hat are analogous to these on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, maountains, and craters. They recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, but a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. In paragraph 5 it informs us that NASA says, that the visit would not have easy conditions, but survuvable for humans.

In paragraph 1 the author tells us that, Venus, sometimes called the "Evening Star," si one of the brightest points of light in the sky, easy even for an amateur stargazer to spot. Although, this nickname is misleading since Venus is actually a planet. The author also claims that Venus is the second planet from our sun. It has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. Also referred to as Earth's "twin," Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, occasionally the closest in distance too. The author also says "Earth, Venus, Mars, our other plaetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds. These differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus." He also states that Venus is sometimes right arounf the corner, in space terms.

In paragraph 2 the author claims "Numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challening planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us." He also states that NASA has sent numerous spacecrafts to land on this cloud- draped world. Each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spacecraft has touched down on Venus more than three decades ago." But NASA is still studying how they could get a better way to study Venus.