Everyone in life has been forced to do something that he or she does not want to do. No matter how hard the individual tried to get out of it, the individual still had to go through with the assignment. To complete the assignment, he or she will have to give up something. For example, if someone was forced to come in to work on a day off, he or she may have to give up spending time with family. Being forced to do something is never a fun experience. Students should not be required to participate in an extracurricular activity because some may not be interested, some may not have transportation, and students may begin to stress.

Students should not be required to participate in an extracurricular activity because some may not be interested. Participating in clubs or groups are not for everybody. If a student does not desire to participate in an extracurricular activity, he or she should not have to. If the student is forced to, he or she may not do any work. For example, a student was forced to participate in an after school club. During the club, the student would talk out and misbehave. The student was disrespectful to the club leader and acted in a disorderly manner. When asked, the student replied, "I was forced to be here." If students are required to participate in an extracurricular activity, a student may not do any work out of a lack of interest.

It should not be required for students to participate in an extracurricular activity because some may not have a means of transportation. This may happen because the student's parent could be busy. A lot of parents have to work late. They don't have suitable hours that will allow them to pick up or drop off their child at school. There have been countless times when students would stand outside waiting to be picked up from an after school activity. The students would stand outside for a long period of time. Standing outside without adult supervision can be dangerous for a student. A parent should not have to worry about getting his or her child home safely because the child was required to stay after school.

If a student is required to participate in an extracurricular activity, it may cause him or her to stress. Some extracurricular clubs and groups require students to conduct a lot of work outside the club or group. In situations like this, students tend to worry about completing all work for their part of the group. For instance, students have different levels of productivity. Some can balance out school work and extracurricular work while others are not able to. If a student does not have high productivity, this may cause him or her to stress about all the work. While trying to balance out all this work, the students grades may begin to drop. This can lead to even more stress than the student can handle. Schools should not require students to participate in an extracurricular activity because some may begin to stress.

Students should not be forced to participate in an extracurricular activity because some may not be interested and may not have a means of transportation. A student may also have trouble balancing out extracurricular work and school work. Though at the end of the day, everyone has his or her own purpose in life. It may be to do big things or some may want to do small things. It is not fair to be forced to do something that an individual may not want to do. Students have the right to choose their own path in life and to express themselves as they please.        