The faicl action coding seems like a good idea. My claim is that it would be cool to go into a classroom and be able to tell what mood your are in. It says in the passage "a classroom computer could recognized when a student is becoming confused or bored." That would be a really cool thing to do at school. I think its a good idea asnd I am not going to argue about this suggestion. If you can walk into a classroom and you can tell if a child is happy, sad, confused or even just bored you will be able to know if they are okay. If a child is sad you can try and help them and out and see what is going on.

In the passage it says, "hold on, we can actually calculate emotions." well yes if you actually give it a try. It would be seriously so cool to know how someone feels just by looking at a screen when they walk into a classroom. I think it would help some students, honestly if you tried this expirement. Students wouldn't know what to think if they had this in their classroom. None can just walk into a classroom and tell if they are happy or sad. It says that "the process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer of the face, all 44 major muscles in the model must move like humans."

They said that they have classified "six basix emotions- happiness, surpirse, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. This might help a lot of people out if they do this. If you can tell a kid is sad you can help the kid. Maybe he or she is having problems at home and they need help but they don't say it. The facial action coding system might help people. It's a good idea, but it's actually a reall good expirement to test it out and see whats going to happen. You can alwyas take it out if it doesn't work out, or if it does you can keep doing what you are doing and you'll be able to see kids facial expressions and what they feel when they tell you they don't feel anything.

Facial Action Coding is just a different way to expirement different things about children. Maybe teachers can bump their classrooms up to funner and more satisfying things, because you will know if a kid is bored in your cass if they have that. It says that "each expression is compared against a neutral face (showing no emotion)." Let's just try the facial action coding out and see where everything goes, but it seems like it's going to go good. I totally agree and I don't argue with this expirement. You learn something new everyday.       