Innocent and young, children grow accustomed to the utilization of cars in society. Hot Wheelz, battery-powered Barbie SUVs, Hess Semi-trucks, and other deviations of play-friendly cars introduce the car culture to Americans from nearly the first day out of the womb. Mothers, fathers, aunts, uncles, neighbors, and grandparents depend on their cars daily. This reliance on cars consequently impacted America's environment. However, limiting car usage reduces society's carbon footprint, slowly eliminating the encompassing pollution and stress of the developed car culture.

All vehicles alike release carbon emissions into the atmosphere, polluting the air and smogging our cities. Suburbs, especially, rely on automobiles to provide needed transportion. Experts state that car transportation in suburbs "is a huge impediment" (Source 1) when discussing "efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes" (Source 1). In the car-intensive areas of the United States, passenger cars hold responsibility for "up to 50 percent" (Source 1) of greenhouse emissions. This constant car usage pollutes American skies. Elisabeth Rosenthal states that car usage reduction "will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment" (Source 4), especially in America "since transportation is the second larget source [of emissions]" (Source 4). Cutting down on cars for alternative, public, or group transportation provides a solution to the car epidemic of suburban America.

In other societies where limitations of car usage occured, the majority of its denizens replied positively. In the car-depleted suburb of Vauban, Germany, "57 percent sold a car to move [to Vauban]" (Source 1). The influential idea of a suburb without traffic jams and long drives to stores attracted 5,500 current residents of Vauban. Futhermore, car bans in Paris reduced emissions and cleansed the air "after days of near-record pollution" (Source 2) and "five-days of intensifying smog" (Source 2). During this ban, "congestion was down 60 percent" (Source 2), relieving traffic and pollution. In Bogota, Colombia, a "car-free day" (Source 3) promotes "alternative transportation and reduce[s] smog" (Source 3). One Colombian businessman commented cheerfuly, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." (Source 3). The relief of traffic results in the relief of stress, which city-drivers appreciate.

In America's evolving society, and the evolving global economy, limiting car usage stands benefically. Reducing smog, eliminating the stress of traffic, and preserving the environment, low car-usage societies appeal in all current circumstances. Progressively, the world may see a day where car usage is antiquated.    