When people ask for advice why do they sometimes ask many people? In my opinion i think that asking more than one person can help you get more information than just asking one person. What can asking multiple people for their opinion do rather than just asking one person for their opinion. Why do people want to ask other people ask for advice rather than not knowing it. Why do they like to get multiple opinions on what their asking and not just asking one person for their opinion.

What can asking multiple people for their opinion do than asking person. Why do people ask many not just one person for advice, By asking many people it can get you more advice on the subject and help you know more about what your asking about. Getting more opinions can help you because it can get you more advice and by getting more advice helps the person asking know more. What does it help by asking more than one person it can get you get you more advice just in case you did not know.

Why do people want to ask other people ask for advice rather than not asking for advice. People like to ask other because the one that they are asking might know more than if you where to not ask . Not knowing what you want to know can effect you because if you will need to know it. Asking others helps you because it can make what ever your wanting to know easier by getting help and asking.

Why do they like to get multiple opinions on what their asking and not just asking one person for their opinion. People ask for many others opinions so that they can make sure there right and not wrong because if you ask for one persons opinion they might be wrong. The benefits of asking multiple people are you ca learn more than you wanted and know exactly what you needed to know. So in conclusion is better to ask multiple people rather than just one person because it can get you to know more so asking more than one person is a good thing to do so next time you want to know something ask multiple people rather than one.  