The auther suggedts that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. I agree with the author, studying Venus could be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presests. Venus is one of the brightest points of light in the sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot, and the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. "Venus, sometimes called the 'Evening Star', is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot"(Paragraph 1)."Often referred to as Earth's 'twin', Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distant"(Paragraph 2). However, I think studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. I have couple reasons why I think studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.

First of all, about 97 percent of a thick atmosphere blankets Venus are carbon dioxide. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) is working on study about the planet, Venus. If NASA is possible to make spacecraft that could go to land on the surface of Venus, it will be difficult people research on the planet because 97 percent of the atmosphere are carbon dioxide. This condition makes different envionment from Earth."A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus"(Paragraph 3).

Secondly, the average temperatures of Venus is over 800 degrees Fahrenheit. "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit"(Paragraph 3). It is not possible that people stay on Venus on this very high temperature.

Finally, the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what they experience on Earth."the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet"(Paragraph 3). For example, if a person's weight is 70kg, the weight will chage t o 630kg on Venus. It is difficult to work on researching on enus.

In addition, beyond high pressure and hean, Venusian geography and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful eathquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. "Beyond high pressure and hean, Venusian geography and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful eathquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface"(Paragraph 3).

Therefore, Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density nd size, and occasionally the closest in distance. However, because of some reasons that I mensioned above, studing Venus could be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.   