The feeling of indecisiveness where your brain is waging war on itself, Google is giving out useless information, time is ticking, and you just wish someone was there to tell you what they think. Asking multiple people for their advice and opinion is better when making decisions. Other people offer contrasting solutions, different opinions from life experiences, and give confidence and ease of mind.

When talking to different people about your problem, each of them will conjure very different solutions. Listening to different ideas may inspire you to tweak you decision. When I had just moved into a different house, I was presented with an age old teenage dilemma: how to decorate my room? Consulting with my parents, sister, friends, and my wise pet dog, I settled on a blue comforter and yellow walls. However, when sometimes you've strained your brain but no solution has been thought up, the presented advice may end up being the one you pick. In the book

Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,

Harry Potter has no idea how to contact Sirius Black. Luckily for him, his friends do. With their help, a plan was hatched with the involvement of invisible gas and breaking into the headmaster's office, all things he wouldn't have thought of himself. My grandmother's saying, "Our brains are crazy in different ways," in this case, is an extremely accurate expression.

Consulting with many people gives you a broader perspective and more knowledge towards making your decision. When more people from different walks of life-whether it be age, ethnicity, or financial situation-give you advice, it allows you to realize which of their advice fits you the best. When my older brother was presented with the life deciding question of the future career path, the whole family weighed in. My grandfather, who survived the famine in China and grew up in poverty, suggested she strive for a stable and well paying office job. My aunt, a freelancer who grew up in the U.S, simply said, "Follow your heart." Compiling information from people who all lead very different lives allows you to see the bigger picture.

Listening to other people explain what they think allows you to have confidence in your own decision and ease self doubt, which some people experience. Whenever I have to make an important decision, I often become agitated and start doubting myself, listing reasons why I wasn't correct. Versus when advice is given from a unbiased outsider's point of view, it is often more rational and factual, rather than emotional. Yesterday, when my homework folder mysteriously disappeared, hearing my friends explain what they would do made me realize my problem wasn't as extreme as I made it out to be. The advice given to you can strengthen your decision by explaining why your choice is stronger, while adding points to why other options are weaker. A quote, this time from my little sister: "A little confidence never hurt nobody."

Hearing others' advice and solutions allows better decision-making. It gives room for wildly different ideas, wider perspectives, and more confidence in your own choice. So, are you going to take my word for it? Or have other people already convinced you?