NASA. The United States form of a dominating space academy. The Viking 1, was in fact NASA's spacecraft that was launched in 2001. The spacecraft was set course for the small, red planet that is simillar to Earth. The planet is called Mars. Viking 1's "sister" Viking 2 was supposed to be landing on Mars, and that's why Viking 1 was sent up in space to begin with. While Viking 1 was snapping photos, its camera picked up a weird face-like structure on the surface of Mars. Some believe its a mysterious face that "so called aliens" built. I believe that their reasoning is just a bunch of garbage. What I think that is, is just a simple and natural landform made by the underground volcanoes, sandy surface, and rocks that landed there.

One reason I believe that this is a natural landform is from looking at the photos. The "face" isn't any perticular shape that any man or alien would want. The landform would be shaped as a circle, square or any other simple shape, and it would not be so ridgid and cracked. If you were to look at the photo furthest to the left, you would assume that it resembled a face, but If you compair that photo to the one taken twenty-five years later, you would begin to understand that to photo was out-dated and that the camera was not as clear as the one taken later. In addition, why would an alien make a structure of a human's face.

That part of the theory makes more sense if you take into consideration the angle the camera could have been taken at. Notice photo two? Its seems to be taken at an angle where there looks like there is a small mountain range looming over the rest of the area. This is key evidence explaining how this is just a natural landmark on Mars.

If you still do not believe me, then this next part will. If you think about it, why would NASA keep an amazing discover like this a secret? The answer is that they would not. If NASA went worldwide with their "face" they would make more money than millionaires or even other space academies. It does not make sense that the academy would keep an alien encounter hidden.

In conclusion, NASA is either brave or very stupid not to tell people about their "face", or people just want to get their word out to make other people critisized, make other people feel stupid, or they just want to feel like they are correct when they are clearly not. Therefore; This "so called face" is not a face, but it is just a land mark that was naturally constructed by the elements and not alien life-forms.