Dear State Senator ,

In the ruels of voteing there should be change. When voting citesens's votes should matter, but they dont. Whats the point of even voting when your vote doesnt help who you want to be president win. Why should people in office get to have the say? Its not fair for those pople to chose everyones prersednt . Everyone in the United Dtates should have the say of who runs them for four years. No one wants someone who they don't even like calling the shots. Also when we don't get to choose the the people that do choose make it go in there favor and not ours.

This country is all of ours and sould not have all the disions made by only a few people. Everyones vote should matter. If thers 50,000,000 for runer 1 anf 60,000,000 for runer 2 then runer 2 should win. Majority rules, and when everyone is toght that since the day theey were born then we need to live by that way. I'm not saying iif over half of the US says the everyone has to atleast have one dog in there house hold we should have to do ! I'm talking about the big things like presidesy.

maybe if we got to chose our president then more rules will be followed. Whe we get to choose our presedent then we will respect him. When you respect someone then you follow what tthey have to say and dont give them crap for it. when someone you dont like is presedent why should you repect them? we sll know you wouldnt and that you would go aginst almost everything they say even if they actully do say somerting you agree about your still not going to respect them be cause tou dont like them.

Sometimes everyone can be stoborn. And when certin people dont get whet they want then they can do bad things. If someone wanted obama buit we got ramny when evryone voted for obama then people are going to be very mad becuse its wrong that we didnt get the presendnt that we wanted. riets could stgart and armys could form just because its not fair how the president is choosen.

In the ruels of voteing there should be change.                               