Being a seagoing cowboy was much more than adventure, for me. I love being able to go out on the sea and have fun will helpping people with there problems make me super happy and I wouldn't have this job if my friend didn't tell me about it. For example (the world war11) I got to go to many places like China, Europe, and Italy.

I was happy to help all this people with there problems and when we got to go on a ship, we had the opportunity to take turns to watch over the animals at night to feed them and to make sure that nothing bad is happening like fighting our the bottom of the ship is being filled up with water.

So I signed up to watch them and so I got the job. I had to stay up super late to watch them and to I went to tell the captin that every thing was okay and so on my way I slipped on some water and I fell.

I had almost fell overboared but I didn't, thanks to a peice of meatel on the side of the boat and i was happy that I didnt die. I am thankful that I am still alive after breaking my ribs, and slidding down a latter. I soon recovered and was back to the job and so we took all the animals back to were they were.

So we made a game place were they were. We played a whole bunch of games and we did are ruiten, until we had another jod were we had to go get animals and watch over them. I am thankful to be able to do this job with people who care about me and support me well this job.

I wonder what are next job will be? Will I break another bone in my body? Can I survie another animal watch? Will I survie breaking another bone in my body? I don't know if i can survie another bone in my boby that can be broken?

After about a month we get a call to go get some animals and so we went to go get them and I have to say it was a long ride to go to Teaxs and it was close to were my uncle lived and so we got there and there was a huge sand storm and so we had to go get alll the horses, and take them to the sea and then I relized that my uncle had this one horse and it did not like me at all. As we were getting the horses around I seen that horse. The captin asked me if I wanted to watch the animals that week and I said ", Yes I will'. So I was up all night watching all the horses and so I had to feed them. I was feed the one horse that hated me the most and it kicked me right in the neck as I was feeding him. I was out for a really long time and my best friend came down there and found me on the floor "sleeping".

He woke me up and said are you ok and I said yes and so I tried to get up but I couldn't and then I relized that my neck was broken.

So I was rushed to the hostpital and I had to get a neck brace and let me say that thing was a pain in the my neck. I was sent back to the ship and so I could work so I asked were are all the horses. My best friend said we sent them back. I said okay, I didn't really care about that. At this point I dint care about anything. A few weeks past and I was able to get back to work and I didn't have to wear the neck brace anymore. The captine said", No more working nights anymore". I said", I agree I can't risk breaking another bone in my body". So I didn't work on nights anymore whitch didn't bother me at all.