Multiple opinions can help people decide on what to do. When asking for an opinion you might want to ask more than one person because the person you ask might have better advice than the other person. Another reason is that people could have different personal opinions and points of view than others and their advice could help you out a lot in the future.

When you ask for someones opinion you should listen carefully to what they have to say. Some people have better advise than others. I think people should ask more than juts one or two people for advice because people may have different points of view from others and you could agree with one or more people on something. If you only listen to one persons advice them you would have not known what other people had to say. The person you did not ask could have had really good advice but you would never know because you only asked one person. When ever I need advice I ask at least three people to see what they would say and what kind of advice they would give me. I listen closely to what they say and their advice could help me later. I listen to what everyone says and I think about what could benefit me either now or in the future.

Like I said before people have their own opinions so if someone gives you advice that you do not agree with and you get upset just remember that everyone does not think exactly like you. People have their own personal opinions and they will sometimes tell you something that you do not like or want to hear . Now if someone gave you advice that you do not like do not ignore it take it as constructive criticism and listen to what they say and have a open mind about it. For example: Lets say you made some food and you add a little to much salt and your friend tells you that it is was to salty and that maybe you should have added less salt but you find the food to taste just right. Next time maybe dont add as much salt. This way you listen to your friends advice even though you disagree and if you find it alright and if they find the food better then you both dont lose nothing. And theres other ways to deal with this situation like not cooking that meal, but you decided to listen to your friends advice and in the end it all worked out. Its ok if people have different opinions then you and their advice isnt what you would like to hear but its good that you learn from them.

In conclusion when seeking advice its good to ask more than one person because everyone is different and they will tell you different things. Some of those things could be bad advice but as long as you find the good in what everyone says and not just what one person says youll find the advice your looking for.