Dear Principal,

Sports are a very important factor to many schools.

Many kids take sports for granted, and don't focus on their school work.

Our Principal is considering changing school policy so that students may not participate in sports or other activities unless they have at least a grade B average.

I fully agree and support this idea.

Despite the fact that many students have a grade C or below average, this new policy would encourage students to do well in school so that they can participate in sports, more students in the school would have grades of B's and even A's, and the sports teams and activities would be smarter and more successful as a result.

Overall, a requirement of a B average to play sports would be beneficial to our school's community as a whole.

If a new rule is put into play requiring all students to have at least a B average to play sports, students with averages of C and below would be encouraged to bring their grade up.

For example, many of the athletes with averages below B would have a reason to bring their grade up, or else they won't be able to participate in the activity that they love.

All of the athletes would change their priorities so that school comes first.

This rule would encourage students to do better in school so that they can participate in the activities that they love.

They would have a goal of achieving a B average, and applying themselves to achieve that goal. Overall, a requirement of a B average to participate in sports and other activities would be logical to put into play because it encourages students to do well in school and bring their grades up.

From this new rule, more students would have A and B averages as a result.

With a requirement of a B average to participate in extracurricular activities, more students would have the goal of achieving a B average.

As a result, less students would be failing their courses do to lack of effort or time.

With more students with a higher average, the school would look better in terms of grades.

Now that their is a requirement of a B average to participate in sports, music, or another activity, the school would have much smarter students.

As a result, these students would be sent to better colleges.

This would make the school less known for its bad things, but more well-known for its high academic prestige.

This requirement would be the most reasonable choice because less students would be failing courses.

As a result of requiring a B average amongst students in order to participate in sports and other activities, the teams would be much smarter and more successful.

For example, the smarter students that earn a B average or even higher would use the knowledge that they learned in the classroom and apply it onto the field.

Instead of having sports teams that consisted of students who didn't make the right decisions and were failing out of their courses, the teams would consist of smart students who applied themselves to reach their goal of earning at least a B average in academics.

On the field, court, or rink, the sports team would be making much smarter plays, and ultimately becoming more successful.

The time has come to decide whether or not to make a requirement of a B average amongst students in order to participate in sports or other activities.

This requirement would be beneficial to our school's community because it would encourage students to do well in the classroom, more students would have a B or higher grade average, and the sports teams would be much smarter and more successful as a result.

So, Mr. Principal, go and make a requirement of a B or higher grade average in order to participate in sports or other activities!