There are millions of wrecks in the U.S. every year, some due to their own cars not being very reliable. Cars and their manufacurers must be very reliable when it comes to bringing up new models of vehicles. Imagine if you could cut the number of car wrecks in half. Technology is fast pacing and is advancing every day. What if we could have driverless cars, cars that could not only make the world a better place, but also prove how amazing our technology is. Driverless cars are the next, new future.

Driverless cars have an abundant amount of pros and maybe a little bit of cons, but overall these cars can do great things. A driverless car could possibly stop different aspects of accidents happening. They could even get someone where they need to go. These cars can also help people who barely passed their driver's tests. The car could perform even the most basic stuff, such as, driving through the city, making turns, driving the steering wheel itself, and watching for dangerous things a new or inexperienced driver could not do. Being a new driver can be very challening at first and may even bring a traumatic experience. Coming off as a new driver and only having my license for three months, I know what the pressure can feel like when you feel like you havent learned soemthing and you are already on your own.

There are some cons when it comes to new driverless cars; Let's say someone is in a wreck and later come to find the car had failed them, who is responsible now? The manufacturer. The car could fail out of nowhere with no warning signs and even cost someone their life. Though there have been studies, a driverless car could have a potential downfall affect on drivers. Some could feel like they can be lazy and not have to worry about their surroundings and cause an accident that way; A person could even fall asleep at the wheel and do more damage than good. Some states make it illegal to even drive computer-type cars because of a law they have.

Driverless cars come with baggage on both sides of good and bad, but with a little more knowledge and research it could change someone's opinion overtime. They could potentially save someone's life and other people surrounding them. They could save a new driver's life and could even help them learn all of the skills of the road. With the new techonology we have in this new future, we could cut the wreck numbers in half to seventy five percent. Driverless cars are not a bad idea and they could possibly save this world. 