Dear, State Senator

You should keep the electoral colleges because people are not only voting for president but are also voting for a slate of electors. Keep the electors colleges could help the president in the running because the more votes the electors have for that presdient the higher chance he/she will have to win.

In the article it says that

"The electoral college requries a presidential canidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president"

.  the winner take all methid means that who ever wins the elction they become president and they also have a winner to become  State Senator. The president has to become sworn in befor he actually starts the job.

I think that electoral college is fair how are they going to get votes if no one will vote that is why i suggest keeping the electoral colleges open and keep them running. Lets say for example that Barack Obama would not have one without the electoral colleges votes because everyone wanted the president on the running to win so then Barack Obama won the election twice becasue electoral college votes. People say that electoral colleges are good but they are look at our president now he twice in a row because o felectoral college votes. Thans to electoral college votes MR. Barack Obma has now president two times and he is hoping to get president three times.

The electoral colleges are very important to people and those people want the electoral colleges to stay open and the do not want them to shut down or get taken/knock down. The electoral colleges acctually make voting fun for people and then more people will want to come when they start hearing about it. The longer you keep them open the higher the votes will be and the voting process will be busy because their is so many people there. In the article it says that "The electoral college is a process, not a place and that the founding fathers were the ones to establish it in the constituion as a compromise between the election of the president by a vote in congress".

The electoral college consists of 538 electors but the majority is around 270 electoral votes. Each candidate has his or her own group of electors while they are in the running for president in our state. The one with the mos electoral votes win the running and becomes president for Four years until the next running. The electoral college votes will help the people in the running to become president.                                                                      