Cars are a very good tool for getting from one location to the next, but the gas and diesel that powers some cars is producing a greenhouse gas that is polluting our air. A few countries have temporarily banned the usage of cars because of the thick smog that has built around their air space. In Source 1, by

Elizabeth Rosenthal , Source 2, by

Robert Duffer,

Source 3, by

Andrew Selsky , and lastly source 4, by

Elizabeth Rosenthal , speak about how cars are effecting our lives, and polluting our air. The advantages of limiting car usage would help decrease, or even eliminate greenhouse gases.

By temporarily banning the usage of cars, Paris, France succesfully decreased the thick smog that had built around their city. According to source 2, by

Robert Duffer , "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates where ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day." Because of this sucessful temporary ban from Paris, by Monday the smog cleared enough for the ruling French party to rescide the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday, according to

Robert Duffer.

In Bogota, Colombia, home to 7 million, has a "program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city errily devioid of traffic jams." According to source 3, by

Andrew Selsky.

It has been three straight years that cars have been banned with only busses and taxis permitted for the

Day Without Cars , the goal of this program is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Violators of this program would be facing a $25 fine. The turnout of this program is large, even throughout rainfall. "It's a good oppertunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said businessman

Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a bicycle with his wife.

In some places, such as Vauban, Germany, have given up their cars. "Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of Freiburg, near the French and Swiss boarders. The streets of this upscale community are completely

"Car Free"

- except for the main thoroughfare, and a few streets on one edge of the community. Car ownership is allowed, but there is only two places to park- large garages at the edge of the development, where a car owner buys a space, for $40,000 along with a home. 70% of Vauban's families don't own cars, and 57% sold their car to move there.

All around the world there is appearently issues with air pollution because of the cars that residents of those places own. There are many programs in place, such as the temporary ban of cars in Paris, France, and the

Day Without Cars in Bogota, Colombia. The efforts of these programs have not gone to waste, because there has been a significant decrease in smog and air pollution in these places. Hopefully in the future there will be many more programs like these to lower air pollution and save our Earth.            