There are many reasons why people would think that the face was created by aliens. There are also many reasons why people would think it is a natural landform. Either way, do we really know what it is?

The face is a very mysterious thing. It's not every day you see something resemble a face on a planet. There are many people out there that believe it is just a natural landform. People think that because there are many landforms on Earth that resemble a face so why think that aliens did it just because it is on another planet. Also they might not belive in aliens.

There are also people who think aliens created it. They think this because it really isn't an everyday think to see a landform that resembles a face. So they start to think what could have created that. Since it is on Mars they instantly think aliens. They think aliens because they can't think of what else could cause that and they think aliens can do crazy things like shape the land. Also people read things from newspaper articles that talk about it and watch movies about aliens and see them do crazy things like shape the land and other crazy things.

People who think the face is just a natural landform probably think the people that believe aliens made it are crazy. They might think they are crazy because there is no proof that aliens exist, so why think that something that might not exist create something like a face in a planet. It makes more sense that it is a natural landform that just so happens to resemble a face. Not many scientists believed it was an alien artifact so many people would think that is a natural landform because scientists don't believe it is something aliens created.

On April 5, 1998 Michael Malin and his "Mars Orbiter Camera" took a picture of the face. The picture was ten times sharper than the original and it proved that it was just a natural landform. People who believed aliens created it were unsatisfied because the way Mars faced in 98' it was winter time. So it was very cloudy. But on April 8, 2001 he set out for another picture. They took an extrodinary picture. Again it proved it was just a landform. So therefore the people who thought it was just a landform were correct.

In conclusion people had many reasons to believe what they believed. Michael Malin had to find out the answer and find out what exaclty made it. That's exaclty what he did. He found out it was just a landform that resembled a face. But does that mean that the people who believe aliens created it believe that it is just a landorm because of a picture? Maybe not but almost everyone believes/knows it is a landform because of the picture and observations.   