Dear TEACHER_NAME,

This letter is to inform you of the idea of requiring students to perform community service. Community service is a good was to show others how our school wants to help out in our community. This can be fun, educational, a great way to have community service hours for the future, a great way to give people an idea of how SCHOOL_NAME is a great school, and a way to teach and inspire others.

Community service can be fun for everyone. Students can have fun with their friends while doing something for others. It is also a great opportunity for us students to make new friends, or grow closer to our old friends. This would also be a good opportunity for us students, the faculty and the teachers to grow closer as a family. If ICS were to help out at a soup kitchen, it would be fun for all of us to work together and cook, clean, and make others happy.

Community service is educational. While doing community service hours, students can learn how to do things that they didn't know how to do before for example; cleaning up litter at a local playground and at our church. This would give students a chance to learn about the environment and be more aware of the planet.

Community service is a great way to have service hours. Service hours are very helpful in the future. For example high schools, and colleges look at your community service hours and there is a greater percentage that you may get in that school. If they know that you are helpful to others, they would know that you would be helpful in their school.

Finally, community service is an amazing way to give others an idea of how much SCHOOL_NAME is an amazing school. If people see that SCHOOL_NAME students are helpful, and aware of the planet we live in, they would consider putting there child in our school. Not only would it make people consider this, but it would also leave a good reputation on our school and how it is run.

Community service is a great way to teach and inspire others. If somebody sees you in the street cleaning, they may be inspired to do the same. Also, you can teach and tutor younger children and give them more knowledge.

In conclusion, community service is good for the students, the faculty, and the school. It would help us, while helping other. It is fun and even educational. Community service would be a great way to show people how SCHOOL_NAME is a great school, and inspire other schools to do the same.