I believe that Driverless cars are going to be a very important nessesity to the development and transition of transportaion technology. Transportation will change from getting to places by using your own brain, to getting to places without having to really think about what you are doing while you are going somewhere.

I feel that diverless cars will not only help with safety of people while they are on the road, but also benifit people by being able to get to places faster and get more things done in the day while driving to a destination.

First off, driverless cars will be the safest way to travel from place to place.

This is becuase of all of the safety features that are equipted in driverless cars.

They contain a numerous amount of sensors and alert systems. If there was something that would harm you while in the driverless car, the car would either be able to get out of the situation more effectively than an experienced driver, or would be able to alert the driver to take over and the driver would manually get out of the situation.

In the passage it says that the Google driverless cars contain many sensors. Some of those sensors include, the sensor on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS reciever, and an inertial motion sensor.

This shows first hand how safe the driverless cars are. The Driverless cars have so many built in sensors that even the most dangerous situation can be avoided while in a driverless car.

Next, if everyone owns or uses a driverless car to get to the places it needs to go, then the car can program itself to get to the place that it needs to go as efficiently and in the best route possible.

This is so that the passengers and driver can get to the destination as quickly as possible.

At some point, if the only cars that are used are driverless cars, and laws in all states, not just California, Nevada, Florida, and Washington D.C. have caught up with the driverless cars , then the cars will be able to move quicker and safer to the destinations that are programed into the car.

The more driverless cars on the road, the faster the destination can be acheived.

Lastly, if you use a driverless car to go to the places you need to go to in the day, you will be able to get a multitude of things done that you were not able to get done before.

Car companies like BMV are trying to come up with things that they can add to the car to have things to do while driving to a specific location.

If you have emails that need to be sent or a presentation that needs to be made, you can easily accomplish thoses tasks while "driving" the driverless car.

If at any point in time the car will give you a notification that you need to take over driving for a period of time, then all you have to do is stop your work for a short period of time to manually drive the car.

After that then you can get back to what you were working on before. This will allow you to get more things done in the day that were not possible before.

In conclusion, I think that driverless cars are the milestone of the future, and that they are going to help to expand the horizons of multitasking, stafety, and speed to destinations.

Driverless cars are the gateway to the future and will really help the world as a whole to keep moving and to bring more great things like the driverless car in the future.

Who knows, after the driverless car, next could be the flying car, or maybe even teleportation.