When asking people for advice, usually asking a close friend or a trusted adult is what first comes to mind. In some cases, More than one person needs to be asked.

When advice is needed asking more than one person can be better than just asking one. In the event that advice is needed, asking two or maybe even three people can be a lot more reassuring. New ideas are brought to the table meaning more options to choose from when the decision needs to be made. As an example, Generic_Name might not know what to do when the school bully tells him to meet him after school on the blacktop to fight. Generic_Name asks his friend what to do and his friend has the same idea as him. Asking two or three people might give new or maybe even better ideas than the one that he thought of. So now Generic_Name is avoiding the fight, and is safe because his other friends told him to tell the principal.

Asking more than one person might also add to your idea. For an example, Generic_Name wants salad but doesn't know what to put on it. He puts the lettuce shredded cheese and ham on it but he knows he's missing something. He asks his friends to see what they say. One friend asks if he has put tomatoes on it, and another asks if he put croutons on it yet. so with these new ideas at hand, he can now add these items to his salad, and has a salad ready for lunch tomorrow.

Making better decisions is another outcome for asking multiple people for advice. As an example, Generic_Name is at the shoe store looking for some new shoes for school. He is trying to get the newest pairs of Jordans' because he wanted to be the first at his school to have them, but they are way too expensive. On the other hand, he could get a much cheaper pair of Air Force Ones but then he would look like everyone else. Generic_Name is really indecisive, so he calls his friend to see what he says. his friend tells him to buy the Jordan but they are too expensive. Generic_Name then asks his dad, and his dad says the Air Force Ones are much more affordable and look good too. Generic_Name not knowing what to do suddenly remembers that basketball season is coming up, and the only pair of basketball shoes are beaten up and dirty. Generic_Name then asks one of the employees that work there is they have any basketball shoes. The employee directs him to the basketball section and Generic_Name sees the basketball shoes hes been wanting, and at an affordable price.

There are times when you need some advice, and a lot of it. Asking more than one person is better in many different ways. Some for making better decisions, and some just to hear the opinions of others and what they think is the best thing to do. Someone once said, "

two heads are better than one".