The Electoral College has been around since the Constitution was established by the founding fathers. The question is, Is it time for it to go?  I believe that the Electoral College should be kept, because changing the election by popular vote would not be wiser, and the Electoral College is fair for the people.

Changing the election by popular vote would not be smarter. Source 3 states, "In 2012's election... Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the  electoral vote compared to only 51.3% of the popular votes cast for him and Romney." This source is arguing against the Electoral college, meaning they're trying to make a point on why it's not fair that Obama won with his 61.7 percent. The people vote for their electoral college, for their state. If the electoral college's votes are higher than the popular votes that means that the college is doing their job correctly. Source 3 also states, "... Because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral- vote victory in that state." This statement means that even if the popular and electoral votes are both high, the electoral vote wins, because majority rules. Just because the person running for office is popular, doesnt mean they should necessarily win. Electoral votes basically come from the people, and if the "people" choose a certain candidate, then that's who should win.

The Electoral College is fair to everyone. Source 2 states, "Under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." This method of choosing the president is completely and totally fair to the people. No, they're not directly choosing who the president is, but they have people to do it for them. As long as they cast in the right vote for the party that that candidate represents, then the Electoral college board should be filled with all the right people. Yes there is a possibility that the candidate someone votes for may not make it on the Electoral college board, but if the majority of the people are represnted, then that's all that matters. Source 3 states, "...each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that truth is barely betrayed)... however it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote." For instance, if the people vote for candidates for the electoral college, and the majority of them are not what the majority of the people wanted, or they lied about being pledged to a candidate for president, then there is still a chance that the candidate that the people did want could be elected, by the national popular vote. Also, the people that are against the electoral college shouldn't be, because the electoral college is not definite. Just because the electoral colleg votes for a certain candidate, does not guarantee that the overall national vote will be that person.

Eventhough some people think that the electoral college, should be no more, I strongly disagree, because the college is fair to the people -because they represent the people- and the college is a smart idea. The college works in everyone's favor. For those that disagree, there is always a strong chance that the candidate represented by the elctoral college will not win presidency.

In conclusion, the Electoral college is beneficial to the people and a wise idea. The people in the entire country are never going to unanimously agree on anything. Keeping the Electoral college is not only wise, but a safe way to ensure that voting doesn't go wrong, and that the people  always get a fair say in government matters.                                   