Students are put into many different situations during their learning career. Many of these problems hinder their ability to obtain a proper student experience of learning. However, with the advancements we make with our technology, it appears that students can now have more opportunities to learn in a comfortable manner. Online school is an innovative idea that makes it easier for students of all backgrounds and situations to learn with their peers without missing a beat. I believe with this option, it would support those who are ill and cannot physically go to school, it would give those who have moved to a foreign country an opportunity to learn in their own language, and it would put our educational technology to good use.

It is a very stressful situation for those students that have fallen ill to catch up to their peers. Missing out on a proper education due to something that could not be controlled is a very stressful situation in it of itself. There are parents that force their kids to go to school despite being sick, putting other students at risk of illness and not giving the sick student a proper learning experience. It gets even worse for those unfortunately inflicted with terminal illness, who must miss school for long periods at a time. However, parents would not have to worry about bringing their sick child to school, because school could bring itself to their sick child through a more flexible method of learning online. This could potentially help eliminate the problem of diseases spreading at schools that offer this option, and making it easier for students to learn despite their ill state.

Many students move to different places throughout their learning career, making it difficult for them to adapt to their new situations. It is tiresome for many to adjust to new circumstances that could vary drastically depending on where the move takes place. For instance, students that have parents in the military may face moving to different countries in their adolescence. It could also be very difficult for students that move internationally to understand the language or cultural differences that they are surrounded by. With online schooling and video conferencing, students will be able to be educated despite the hundreds of miles between them and their original school. This option may even help students take baby steps to slowly adjust to their new environment.

Science and technology are a constant effort that help us with our daily tasks, but, for some odd reason, we do not seem to utilize the extent of our genius when it comes to education. Online schooling is an affordable alternative to the concept of formal education. Some could argue that online schooling is only the beginning of a future with extremely accessible class education. We could see the implementation of virtual reality, or other new technology, in schooling systems in the near future. The more we encourage the use of this technology, the more we will see students prosper with a fulfilling education.

With our recent innovations, we will be able to see the next generations of students achieve a better education that gets increasingly accessible with the passage of time. It is becoming clear that the problem of missing education based off of things that students cannot control must be taken more seriously. Countless students are faced with circumstances that change every aspect of their learning experience, but we are now more able to counter these challenges than ever before. Despite the fact we have a long way to go to make sure students are given a perfect learning experience, problems associated with illness and moving could definitely be assisted with. Advancements in educational technologies will only occur with an abundant amount of care for the generations to come. Online schooling is a peek into our progressive education future.