Hello, I am writing to you about the Electoral College and why that I think it should be removed. Why I think we should remove the Electoral College is when voter selects the president they want they are really just picking for a elector who elects the president for them. Also this makes a single rep from Wyoming of 500,00 people has as much say as 55 reps for California who represents 35 million people. The last reason behind this is also being unfair to voters, the winner take all system where in the state the winner of the votes gets them all. So in effect a candidate would spend no time in that per say a swing state. which the may have a chance of winning.

When you vote for the president you really are not voting for him, you're voting for a elector who really elect the president. Also the question is brought up, who picks the electors? This also depends on the state could be the state party's central committee or the presidential candidate's people do. Also another question is what controls the elector from electing the wrong candidate, nothing.

Also why does a single reps in Wyoming with 500,00 people have as much say as 55 reps in California with 35 million people? That is just unfair to the voters, how could that in anyway represent what the majority of the people want. The other way the electoral collage is unfair is the winner take all system I mentioned earlier with majority votes in a state is the state vote, such as if 46 percent of people in a state voted one candidate and 54 for the other insted of just giving the candidates their votes the majority decided one would have them.

The Electoral College is also not a democratic system of voting because the people are really not deciding, and when it is said you are allowing each party to pick a trusted slate of nominees it is not true because the state's central committee not the presidential candidate's reps who are the people really needed to vote for such. In 2000 Gore had more popular votes than bush but less electoral votes, though rare to happen this the president who runs the country for four years at a time so that one rare moment could mean the future of the U.S.A . Also a president does not need to be trans-regional, they only need to appeal to swing states and not ruin relations with their states.

So that was and is my reasoning of why I think that the Electoral College should be removed from our political system. Between the being unfair to voters through voting for electors not even the president, reps not even being scaled right also the winner take all system making the system unbalanced, and the presidential candidates not even needing to appeal to most states just the swing states. I hope this passage convinces you that the Electoral College should be removed in place of a better system that is not out dated.                    