Summer assignments are widely used throughout the world today. Most educators don't require upcoming students to complete summer assignments, but rather those who are enrolled in high-level courses. The time given off from school is a time for students to relax and recollect themselves from the previous year, but that doesn't mean work should stop too. Summer assignments should be teacher-designed because educators understand what is to be expected from their students within the next school year and can help them prepare, it will keep students' brains actively working, and teacher-designed assignments will create an equal learning style between students and those from previous years.

High schoolers are very busy people who rather not spend a portion of their summer completing school work. With the help of their teachers, having the teacher-designed summer assignment, students will have the motivation to work and complete what is being asked of them. Going into a new school year, students could never imagine what may occur or what teacher they may get. It could be an easier course but with a difficult teacher, or a challenging course with a relaxed teacher. Having these teacher-designed assignments, will provide knowledge to the students that they may need for the upcoming class. It will give them a peek as to what they may expect while enrolled. This is important because most students base their course selections off of what their friends are taking, rather than what they are more interested in. These students may have no idea what the course is about, so it's beneficial to have the teachers create the necessary work. Saying this, with the expectations held by teachers, it's only fair for students to be prepared. Assigning this type of work, will help take a leading hand in the successes waiting for these curios students.

With the idea of no school, beaches, and long nights, students won't be focusing on work. Students then tend to lack academically because their brain hasn't been tested for quite some time. Brain activity never stops, even when sleeping, but it does forget how to preform in certain circumstances. Luckily, teachers understand that this happens because even teachers go through this mindset. They don't give these assignment because they feel like it, but because they know who teenagers are. If students begin to expect no work during breaks, this will continue to occur. Teacher-designed summer assignments will continue to test the ability within each student, while keeping their brains on track. This is important because students then won't walk into school shocked by what is given. They will be familiar with the criteria and workload, giving them a cushion of confidence for the given class. Furthermore, giving students the opportunity to design their own assignment is a very poor idea. Students will use this to their advantage and create a task that comes easy to them. This won't test their ability or brain power, but just waste time. If students must work, give them something that will educate and test them.

In comparison, students will be given the same amount of work when assigned these projects. No one student will have to do more than the other, unless given a choice. Student-designed projects may bring conflict to some who feel that they're doing more than another. This will only cause more stress on teachers and students who rather spend their time worrying about their own work. Students who may have had an older sibling in the same class tell them what to expect and then them receiving something completely different angers students. Students stick to the idea that everyone should get what others get, nothing different. If they receive something opposing their original belief, they will bring it to the teacher's attention almost immediately. The importance of teacher-designed projects is to inform the student not cause arguments. In addition, it will also limit the amount of work teachers have to put in. Teachers can then focus on what the main idea of the project is and assess each student based off of that.

Summer assignments should not be seen as a waste of time, but something that helps the individual continue to educate, prepare, and reflect on their own learning. As a teenager in high school, the addition resources assigned are drastically helpful. They limit worry, stress, and over all forgetfulness. This is all given when the project is teacher-designed because it ensures that what is being done is beneficial for the upcoming year. Teachers keep in mind that it's not what one does with the work provided but what they make of it. The projects teachers create, test the capabilities of the individual and their ability to apply this knowledge. All in which is important for a successful student.