Dear Senator,

I am writing to you about the debate on the abolishment of the Electoral College. I see absolutely no point in the Electoral College because all it is is elected people from a state voting on the president based on what the popular vote for the president was in their assigned area.

The Electoral College has 538 electors. The majority of them are from the states of California, Texas, New York, and Florida. Election Day is held on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. I don't see why we need other people to vote for us. The Bill of Rights said that we have a "freedom of speech", but our "freedom of speech" is given to other people to change around. We need to abolish the Electoral Congress so we can just vote for who we want!

The popular vote means that the president who recieved more votes claims that the state voted more for him/her. The popular vote goes to our "electors" and they decide to vote for the President. We should just vote straight up because the election in 2008 was a huge mistake. Obama decides to do whatever he wants. Insurance prices have gone up due to "ObamaCare", and now there is a huge, long, and exhausting process to get te see a specialist especially if you need to see one. It is out of control and he needs to do something about it.

We should abolish the Electoral College because its just a waste. All they do is tally up the popular vote, and say "OK, im going to vote for Romney since that's what my people want."  Why can't we just vote for who we want instead of wasting our time! The popular vote should be the only way to vote. There shouldn't be a long and hard process to voting. If I go and vote, I don't want to have to know like 60 different people to vote for, I just want to check the box saying that I want to vote for 'so and so' and leave and go home. It is ridiculous about having a whole process to voting.

I hope this letter made up your mind on to vote

YES

for abolishing the Electoral College. When I get older and can start voting, I hope that I can vote for whom ever I want without being told that " You just voted for nothing because the popular vote when to '(other Presidential Candidate)'and they won so they get the state.    