Can you really trust a car to take you from point A to point B safely? There are many possible things that can go wrong while a person is not controlling their car. I think that there is not a safe way for a car to drive a person all by itself. If you don't know the next action that your car is going to take, how can you stop anything bad from happening? Will the car be able to determine where to stop if it is approaching a stop sign? There are too many "what ifs" with a driverless car for me to feel safe to ride in one, or to even have one driving on the street around me.

To me, there are a variety of things that can go wrong when you are allowing the car drive all by itself. There are too many questions that need to be answerd about these new cars. For example, how will the car react to a sudden change in the environment? If another car gets to close will it swerve out of the way potentionally causing an accident? Even if the car notifies the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, what will happen if the driver isn't notified in time? Also, if one of the sensors on the car were to be broken or damaged, then how could the car continue to drive on its own? Would it notify the driver that a new part is needed? If the car were to get into an accident, who would be to blame, the driver or the company that created the car? Would it depend if it was on manual control or automatic? These questions are the main reasons why the driverless cars need to be improved before I will even think about ridding in one. I know that I would rather know exactly what I am doing and how it will be done instead of having a car try to do it for me.

I think that driverless cars are a terrible idea. There are too many problems that can occur during the driving process, and I don't want my life in the hands of a car that can't see or think the way that a human does. If during some parts of the drive it requires a human to take the wheel, why have it automatically drive you? Wouldn't it get tiring waiting for your turn to drive, especially when you aren't sure when the car is going to have you take over? You must stay focused on the road and have both hands on the wheel, so you could very easliy just drive the car yourself without the worry. This way you can control the situations that you get into, and not having a car get you into trouble that you might not be able to get out of. I think that it is much more safe to have a human that can respond quickly to change and can manuver through obsticals than to have a car, that might not see everything in its environment, drive automatically through it. 