Dear, state senator

I believe we should keep the Electoral College for the president of the United States.

Because it's easier to read when voting, everything is label right, and the President has alot of trust in people.

First of all, I believe we should keep the Electoral College for the president of the

United States because it's easier to read when voting. In source one, by the Office of the Federal Register, it states that "The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President". This shows that when all the votes are tallyed up theirs no need to go through so much problem, when their's basically a rubric to go over the electors and the electoral votes. For example, if this wasn't invented, we would have our own people just sit their on long day and nights. Without any sleep and count all those votes. This could lead to alot of miscounts. This is why I believe we should keep the Electoral College for the presidnet of the United States.

Furthermore, I believe we should keep the Electoral College for the president of the

United States because everything is label right. In source one, by the Office of the Federal Register, it states that "Under the 23rd Amendement of the Constitution, the District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors. . . .". This shows that whatever the 23rd Amendment is under, that's what the District of Columbia is allocated. This is just like an case at court or when you getting arrested. For example, when you are pleged guilty for murder. The judge is going to read every amendment you broke and what's your charges. And everything that's she's reading is made up. It's all labeled in United State Constitution. This is why i strongly believe we should keep the Electroal College for the president of the United States.

Lastly, I believe we should keep the Electoral College for the president of the

United States because the president has alot of people to trust in. In source one, by the Office of the Federal Register it states that "Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors." This shows that whoever the president of the United State is choosing for his or her own group of electors has put alot of trust on each and one of that individual. And it's time for the President to see who or who he can't put his trust in. For example, A president has alot of things that we depend on him or her to do for our Country. And the Electoral College is the best way to see if he or she could do it. This is why I believe we should keep the Electoral College for the president of the United States.

In conclusion, I strongly believe we should keep the Electoral College for the president of the United States because; One, it's easier to read when voting. If the Electoral College didn't existed their would be alot of miscounting. Second, everything is label right. Their's no need to get things from the top of your head. Third, the presdient has aot of in trust in people. Us humans gets to finally see if we could depend on him. If he choose's the right group of electors. This is why I believe we should keep the Electoral College for the president of the United States.0             