Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I disagree with the idea of only letting students with B grade average or higher only being allowed to participate in schools sports. It is unfair to all the other students that were one point off from a B point average or those who didn't get those A' s or B' s. It will make all the other students fell left out, or feel like they're being excluded. I find this new idea unfair and I don't want it to become a rule of school.

To start, it can make these students that didn't make a B grade point average feel like they're being excluded. "Don't exclude, you should always include." This is what teachers have told my fellow students and I for years. I think it is unfair to not let everyone compete in sports. These students that didn't get A' s or B' s may be the people who always wanted to compete in sports, but never had thought to join or never had the guts to stand up and join the teams, but if you introduce this new rule, then they don't even get a chance to try. I think this new rule is unfair and it shouldn't be kept.

Also, not everyone is perfect in school, and not everyone gets all A' s and B' s. I've had only a few C' s, but the rest of my grades were always A' s and B' s. One little C could ruin any students chances of competing in school sports and representing their school. I don't think schools should judge kids on their grades by letting the grades decide if a student can participate in sports or not. according to this new rule, a student can have all A' s and one C, but it's not the A' s that matter then, it's that one little C. Don't let this new rule prevent any student from competing in sports.

Lastly, sports provide any student with what they always need, confidence and exercise. If you let a student's grade decide if a student can or can't compete in sports, you can be holding them back from healthy exercise and keep them from building confidence. Exercise keeps students healthy and when a student competes in sports, they are exercising. Every gym teacher I've ever had has always told us how daily exercise is important and I've seen many commercials that say growing kids and teens need at least one hour of exercise each day to keep physically fit and healthy. Sports also build confidence. When a team wins, it boosts a person's confidence. When you are confident, you feel that you can do anything and succeed. Sports provide healthy exercise and confidence to students, but if you keep this rule, you'll be depriving it from us.

So what do you think? Do you want to exclude students and make them feel like they're not good enough to participate in sports? Do you want to deprive us from healthy exercise and confidence? Please consider the consequences of keeping this new rule. I feel it is unfair and I strongly disagree with it. I don't want anyone to feel left out or worthless when it comes to sports, but do you? Thank you for your time in reading this letter. i hope you consider the consequences.

Sincerely

STUDENT_NAME