In this article it talks about how ''Driveless Cars Are Coming'' to the world soon.

They have been in the world since 2009 but we have never seen them on the road yet because we live in Indiana.

California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia have limited self-driving cars.

Manufacturers believe that in the future there will be more of these types of cars and they will help the community significantly.

In the article it sais that googles Toyota Prius are assisted with ''position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearveiw mirror, four automative radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor.''

They fully loaded the car to be very protected at all times but its not like they cant break or just not work.

The technology coul go out and something could happen to the people in the inside of the car causing severe injuries or even perhaps death.

In the article it also sais ''The most important bit of technology in this system in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof.

Dubbed LIDAR, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings.

The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skil of a human at the wheel.''

It sounds very secure and safe but at the same time anything can happen and we dont know how much the repair could be if something like this equipment broke down and could funtion properly.

The driverless car in my opinion should just stay away from the roads because there could be a huge amount of disaster if one of the operating systems goes wrong and it coould put us humans at risk of being hurt.

In 2013 they said that they put a ''Traffic Jam Assistant'' on a 2013 BMW.

It can drive its self with the help sometimes of a human touch if in any trouble.

Manufactures sais that they will have a camera in a car and will watch the person as the person watches the road. Manufactures are also bring a system to where if the human needs to drive then they can turn off the system and they can start to drive without it.

I agree with this part because if the car is driving and he human is faling asleep then the cars with cameras will notify them by vibrating the seats and waking the person up.

The thing i disagree with is the car driving by itself because if that does evolve to regular society, then I think we will have something else to deal with.

Have saying this in 2016 it sais that ''Tesla is releasing a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time.

Mercedes Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can truly drive themselves by 2020.''

What I think is that it will be far past in the future to where we finally see these cars on the road driving themselves and all we can do is wait till it happenes and see what will happen.