Whats up with the electoral college? Can we really trust it? Ofcourse you cant and all that apose can stand up and walk out the door .The presidental race is a fake!!! So the goverment wants to tell you that you need to be a citezen to vote but what are you voting for? The electoral college is a fraud, your supposed to send your personal opinion to vote for the president of your country, not some lazy bum that sits in a chair all year and when time comes to put his vote in he overides yours and the peoples votes for you and not even care because they are getting paid to?

It only takes two hundered and seventiy votes from the electoral college to elect the president when theres over two billon residents in the united states? You mean to call this a demcracy when its really a underground dictator ship. I dont know how hard it is to bribe a person in a high postion but it is hard to bribe a whole country and thats why I belive we should get to actually vote for the next presdent theres no trust into the peoples belifes i mean yes theres alot of bandwagon fans and people who really have no idea of whats going on in their country but i promise you we wont fool around and compirmise the whole system beliving in our own belifes!!! these fancy bosos mignht thuink they know what their doung but they really dont there just a bunch money thisrty pigs and it isnt fair to the people to rely on theb electoeral college to pick the fate of our country as long as we live on it

The fact that we cant even pick the electors make it even worse i mean how are we even supposed to trust them i dont know who they are do you? how do you know what the legislators a caplble of they could have been bribed and no one would even know i mean the goverment already has alot of secterts and they could be asdding on the them and you wouldnt evem knowwhy beacuse its the goverment there broken up into little pieces of fruadery its incredibly anoyying to know that if you even try t fight about the rights of a cietzen you'll lose not even having to walk into the court room because the goverment runs that too!!!

When I read the title for source two i automaticlly agreed with the incredbly percise source because I have been asking myself the same question ever since i first learned about it in  middle school. Every time i would ask the teacher I would always get the same responce "thats a good question let me get back to you on that." I know that its not the teacher because im pretty sure the presidnet cant even ansewr that. Even in source three it dosent answer my question and its the electoral colleges defence but their defense isnt that strong sorry to tell you that it gives me five reasons but there not strong reasons and I belive source two out battles the both  source one and two.

So in conclusion i have stated in almost every pargargh DO NOT TRUST THE SYSTEM!!! I may be little kid but when I speak I bark and I hope the readers understand why I wrote this.            