We should keep the Electoral College its a good process and it keeps us from having the problem of elections in which no candidates receives a majority of the votes cast. Like in 1968 with Nixon and in 1992 in Clinton were they only got 43 percent plurality of the popular votes but with the Electoral College which invariably produces a clear winner. The Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no chance of carrying their state Democrats in Texas, an idea of this is like a Republicans in California. The Electoral College needs a presidential candidate to have have trans regional appeal like South,Northeast,etc. With the Elecoral College is un likely than a dispute over the popular vote. It happened in 2000 because that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. A example is in 2012, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney.

The Electoral College is widely regarded as a anachronism, a non demorcratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overpowered by declaring the candidate who get the most popular votes the winner. The advocates of this position are right in debatingthat the Electoral College method is not democratic in a modern sense it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. When u vote you're not voting for the presidential u pick yor're actually voting for a slate of electoes. Both party each selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee but that trust is rarely betrayed however it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. The Electoral college is good to stay.

The Electoral College helps with Certainty of outcome, Everyone's president, Swing states,Big staes, Avoid run off elections. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total of numbers of votes are 538 is an even number but it is highly unlikely. The new president will have no regard for their interests,that he really isn't their president. The most thoughtful voters should be the the ones to decide the election. So other being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign tham a samll state does. Voters in a presidential elections are people who want to express a political prefernce rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.                     