Most people you know probably participate in some form of an extracurricular activity. Whether it be sports, a school club, theatre, or something else, almost all of us have participated in an extracurricular at some point in our lives. Extracurricular activities have many benefits, such as an opportunity to do something you enjoy, which will make you happier and help you relieve stress, and an opportunity to meet new people who share your interests. However, some people may argue that extracurricular activities take away time that they don't have, but there's a solution for that. I agree with the principle's decision to have everyone participate in an extracurricular activity because there are many benefits that come from participating in them.

Extracurricular activities are a great way to do something you enjoy. There are many different things to do which means that there is something for everyone. Having the opportunity to be participating in something you enjoy will make you happier. It has been proven that when you're happier, you have lower stress levels. When asked, 9 out of 10 students said that they felt stressed by school often. An extracurricular activity is a great way to relieve some of that stress. By participating in something you enjoy and something you chose to do, you'll be able to improve your skills, which can give you a sense of accomplishment and happiness. These are just some of the benefits of an extracurricular activity.

Extracurricular activities are also a great way to meet new people. There are people that come from all different backgrounds, that you may not have classes with at school, that may be in different grades, or that you may have never known without participating in an extracurricular activity. These new people will share the same interests as you which is a great way to be able to do things together and it gives you an opportunity to be able to learn from each other. By being in an extracurricular activity where you get to meet these new people, you'll have an opportunity to hang out with them on a regular basis when you may not have been able to do that any other time. These are just some of the other many benefits that an extracurricular activity can bring.

There are some people who may argue against everyone having to participate in an extracurricular activity. They may say that they don't have the time to participate and if they do then they won't get their school work done. However, other people who participate in extracurricular activities get their work done on time which means that there are ways to do so. You also won't have that activity every single day which means that it won't inflict on your everyday life. If you're worried about not having time to get work done, you can focus really hard during your study hall period to get more work done, you can get up earlier in the mornings to get extra work done, and you can even do work on your way to or from the activity, or to and from school in the mornings and afternoons. You may also argue that there are no extracurricular activities that are offered that you want to participate in. However, there is such a wide variety of things to do at most schools that there is something everyone can enjoy. However if there isn't something you would want to participate in, most schools will help you create a new club that you can recruit people for and run with a teachers help. Even if people want to argue against this new rule, there are solutions to their complaints.

Overall, there are many benefits to participating in extracurricular activities. You get to do something you enjoy, you get to meet new people, you'll be happier, and although people may find ways to argue against the new requirements, the good outweighs the bad. There are plenty of options at most schools so that everyone can find something that they enjoy. There are plenty of different sports, there are debate clubs, the student council, yearbook committee, the school newspaper, theatre, and clubs for almost any interest someone may have. In conclusion, I agree fully with the principal's new decision and I believe that everyone should participate in some type of extracurricular as well.