To maintain a healthy, active mind, many students are assigned an educational, summer-long project.

These assignments vary from science experiments to maintaining a reading log; anything that would keep kids busy on their summer-long vacation.

However, there is the question of if these summer assignments should be created by teachers or by the students themselves.

To create the optimal educational experience, summer projects should be self-administered so that they are individualized for every student, so they are easy to manage, and so students can learn how to be self-sufficient.

Providing students with the opportunity to take control of their own summer project makes the assignment more individualized.

Compare the idea of assigning a summer project to the scenario of a student choosing their classes; they are much more likely be perform well in a subject of their interest than in a random class enforced upon them.

Relating this back to summer projects, students tend to better commit to a project that aligns with their interests.

Also, Students are more motivated when they have control over their decisions.

When people take a personal initiative towards what they do, they carry more pride and are more successful in their work.

Personalization of summer projects produce more meaningful experiences that serve as a solid foundation for education.

As students are away from school for a long three months, there is no other person better than the students themselves to manage a personal project.

Teacher are not aware of the responsibilities or vacation plans of their students, so the expectations they would set might not be attainable for some students.

For example, a student would not be able to keep up with an at-home project if they were away for the majority of their summer.

Rather if they were to choose their own project, they could more easily manage how to carry out the project in consideration of their personal circumstance.

In general, students would be better at following their own judgment when creating and completing their own project.

Without any teachers to answer their questions over the summer, it is better for the students to be their own bosses.

If students were to create their own parameters for a summer-long project, it would be easier to manage because the students would be more knowledgeable of the requirements than if the project were assigned by a teacher.

Leaving a student to create and complete their own summer-long project would instill responsibility.

At an age of maturation, students need to learn how to be self-sufficient.

The responsibility of a summer-long project is comparable to that which is handled in the regular education students go through the other three seasons of the year.

Students must learn to make decisions for themselves in school as they would have to for a summer project.

A self-assigned project teaches many of the qualities innate to being an functioning adult.

Many people must work by their own deadlines to make a living.

Without responsiblity, which is taught be self-assigned summer projects, people would not be able to hold jobs to pay bills.

The long vacation over summer is a oppertune time to hone personal skills necessary to getting by and thriving in life.

.

Through a self-created project, students can best investigate their personal intersets by setting and managing their own goals while developing responsibility along the way.

When students can take it upon themselves to improve their education while on their summer break, they can find success and personal enrichment while still enjoying their vacation                                        