Along with the growing influence of technology in society comes the availability to use it to transform the way in which students are educated. With the use of technology, students could be given the responsibility and freedom to complete classes online rather than having to come into school five times a week. However, not all students have the focus and determination like others to be able to hold themselves accountable for completing their classes at home without a physical instructor. Despite this, I think students would benefit from being able to take online classes at home, rather than at school, as it would give students the opportunity to learn at their own appropriate pace and it would provide a more comfortable learning environment with less distractions.

While in the classroom, it is difficult for teachers to go at a pace that isn't too slow or too fast for every single student since not every student learns at the same pace. I consider myself a relatively slow learner and writer. Therefore, there have been several instances where my teachers would be lecturing and giving notes, and I found myself missing key information because the teacher was not allowing time for us to write it down. However, unlike my other teachers, my history teacher will make us take notes at home. In this instance, taking notes and learning from home, helped me retain and learn the information better than if I were at school because I was not constantly stressing about the teacher switching the slides, and therefore, potentially missing key concepts. Giving students the opportunity to learn from home allows students to make sure they get all of the necessary information that they may need for later success on a test. It also gives students time to be able to make sure that they understand the information on the notes, rather than just typing or writing it down without understanding the meaning behind it. In addition, some of my teachers make assignments due at the end of class, despite some students, like myself, not being able to finish within the time constraint. Although I understand that it is important to be able to complete assignments quickly for the future, I think that in a learning environment that should not be the case. Learning is not about being able to complete an assignment in an hour, but it is about being able to understand new information. Therefore, I think learning from home provides the best learning environment for every student to do well in their education, since they don't have to constantly be overshadowed with the stress of time on important assignments. At home, students are able to ensure that they turn in quality work that will help improve their grades rather than hurt it because of a time constraint. Students should be given the opportunity to take classes from home because not every student learns identically and as quickly as others.

In the event that students would be able to take classes from home, they would also be able to learn in an environment that ensures their greatest focus and success. However, this can be difficult when there are constant distractions in the classroom. For example, in my Pre-Calculus class, there is a specific group of students who are constantly found talking over the teacher as she is trying to teach. Not only does this distract the teacher, but it also distracts me and the other students who are trying to learn the material. To avoid instances like this, students should be able to learn at home where they can sit in a room all by themselves, free from any outside noises or distractions that may hinder their learning. Other students, and sometimes teachers, are simply just added distractions that make it even more difficult for students to focus on learning the information that the teacher is trying to teach to the class. Similarly, while in my AP Chemistry class, since I am usually one of the last students to finish the test, there is always a constant moving of students and whispering among the inconsiderate students who cause me to lose focus. It is very challenging for students to concentrate on their thoughts when they are followed by constant whispering and movement going on in the classroom. These distraction may cause students to either get the question wrong or run out of time, therefore, hurting their education. Furthermore, I constantly find myself being more focused doing my homework rather than trying to do my work in school because I am given an appropriate and quiet learning space that helps me concentrate on what I am doing. Allowing students to learn from the comfort of their home helps minimize the many potential distractions from other students and teachers that only cause problems with the student's concentration.

While trusting students to learn independently may not be appropriate for every student, it can be an important quality for other students to learn the importance of being responsible for their future. Many high school and college classes have leaned greatly towards using technology for student's to complete and turn in assignments. Nowadays, teachers and professors are mostly used for lecturing which can easily be transmitted online. Therefore, as the years progress, and technology grows to be more influential on society, schools should consider taking advantage of technology to ensure a better educational system for every type of student.  