Recently more and more schools are offering online classes as an alternative to attending classes in a school building. Although some parents may argue that online classes could potentially make students lazy, students would actually benefit greatly from online classes. Students could get their eight hour sleep schedules each night if they attend classes online because their schedules would be more flexible. Online classes could have a schedule that accommodates to all its students needs. Online classes will be beneficial to students suffering from sickness and mental health issues and stress levels among students could lower. Distance learning is an option all students should have because it would be beneficial to students.

Online classes could have a more flexible schedule that could accommodate for each of their student's needs. All students have different circumstances. Some students have sicknesses or mental health issues that make attending schools difficult but online classes would help no one fall behind. Students with social anxiety and depression struggle to be motivated to attend school each day but online classes could help these students. People suffering from depression can often feel unmotivated to leave their houses or be around other people, but online classes would limit the amount of unwanted interaction students would have to have and allow them to feel more comfortable, and work at their own pace.

Students with social anxiety can feel overwhelmed in a school setting, and can even experience panic attacks. If schools gave students the option to have online classes, the ones suffering from anxiety would feel more motivated to do school work. Unfortunately, some students are suffering from sicknesses which make them feel weak and physically unable to attend school everyday. Online classes would allow sick students to remain attending classes and not fall behind while remaining comfortable in their homes or hospitals.

Most middle school and high school students don't receive the recommended eight hours of sleep each night because of how early they have to attend school, but online classes could change this. Usually students go to bed around 10:00pm or even later than this; and wake up at around 5:30am or 6:00am depending on what time school starts. Many AP or IB students lose sleep because of the large homework load they receive. So students that take AP or IB classes could start their online courses later in the day and receive the right amount of sleep each day. Having eight hours of sleep can increase productivity among students and possibly receive better grades on worksheets, homework, and tests. If students are able to wake up later and get plenty of time to sleep, they will feel more motivated to work hard and finish their assignments. School can be stressful and getting the right amount of sleep can help ease this.

Recently, students haven't felt safe in their schools. During a crisis, students could have classes online to keep students feeling safe. School shootings have struck fear into many students and have caused them to feel unsafe in schools. Online classes could prevent any of these tragedies from potentially occurring again and students can feel safe again. Students will be in the safety of their own homes and won't have to worry about the about the possibility of any intruders harming them or their peers. The Coronavirus has also fear in many people. People don't want to leave their homes or even travel anymore because of the possibility of obtaining this sickness, and this includes students. Many areas have had people infected with the virus which has caused many outbreaks to cancel schools because students are afraid of getting the Coronavirus. If students attended classes online, they wouldn't have to worry about getting inflected with the Coronavirus.

Students in all kinds of difficult circumstances would benefit greatly from taking online classes. Students suffering from mental health issues like anxiety and depression and students with sicknesses will have the option to take online classes and they will have a schedule more accommodated to their needs. All students including students that take AP, IB, or harder level classes classes will be able to receive more hours of sleep if online classes are an option, and during a crisis students would feel much safer attending classes online from home. 