dear, Mr so and so

Hello i have a few thing to say about this whole thing going on hear. for starters i heard you are think that the students of this school mite have to do community work for a grade or something. are you out of you mind, we should be able to chose to do that work. as you can tell i don't have a good mind over about. some of the kids that will be doing it will not want to. see ill put it my way, if the kids really want top do it but some don't let the kids that want to do and let them have fun. the other kids that don't want to do it. leave them be they don't need to be like all the other people. maybe they want to be doing that work because there lazy or just plan don't want, too.

and maybe one of the kids mite get hurt doing it like if they have to pick up trash to "clean the world" by picking up the wrong thing and they mite get cut and the parents mite sew or something and you don't want that.

now i know i was all into it at the time when we started with a few of my friends, but i don't want to any more i cant stand it. there is still hope with my other friends, they still want to do and i said ill try to help out, yea the first thing was not the best thing to start out with. but maybe you should just play who want to do it, do it. some people have base ball or some other sport to go to and maybe they don't have time to do all that work. of some people that's stuck on face book like me i cant get off the go do some work that i think is stupid. you know how i feel rite. ok so this is what one of my friends said to me the other day "hey rob i really love being in my house and i heard that Mr so and so is going to make all the kids do this work and i DONT WANT TO." i started to giggle under i teeth.

now do you she what you are doing your making it hard for some of the lazy kids that go to this school and i shall support that as long as i am going to this school i have a say in things. well i really hope that you have a few thought's on what i have to say.

sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME

so and so