Student-designed summer projects would be more beneficial than teacher-designed because Students will have a wide variety of options to choose from,Freedom to expresss themselves and their resources will be known.

First reason is because of the different things studnets can do and they won't have teachers convincing them of what they want to see. Back then when I was in 4th grade almost every other weekend my aunt would take my cousin,brother and I to this frozen yougurt place in Generic_City. The place was called frozen frog or something like that and we would just try all of the flavors when we got a chance it was amazing but we only could fill up the cup plus the toppings that we wanted,so we went ahead and made our choices and we said we would try something new the next time we went to that shop. Just like students we had the choice to do what we wanted to pick and get it done without someone else telling me to do what they wanted us to do.

Furthermore because students choose what they want their project to be about they also know their limits. When I first started playing Mortal Kombat 11. I was so excited to try out all the new and old characters and see what new things they can do. I told myself I want to try and use different characters than the ones I use constantly. So I do so and realize that I never really play with Generic_Name or Generic_Name for some reason but then when I tried using them in a real fight it never really worked out. So I had convinced myself that it was all because I never learned their moves but then something hit me it wasn't that i haven't mastered their moves in such a small amont of time it was because their moves were just the same as Mortal Kombat X and I am not really good at working with close ranged fighters. My specialty was at fighting with those who can attack at any distance. Zoners were my best bet at winning any match. Also like students allowing people to see their limits can help others know what they are good at and what they aren't and they won't feel troubled because of a few minor things that were out of their control stop them from doing their job.

Final reason is because students are already limited on what they have to do in school,so why should they be limited on a project that the teacher has required them to do. Truthfully it is just another way to tell someone no to doing this or that or it is a continuation of limiting people on their creativity. Back in 6th grade most people had a problem with the art tecaher because she had such strict rules in a way it was either her way or the highway. No one could really understand why she had us doing things this way or that way. With that being said everyone was hoping that one day she would actually miss a day and one day she called out but then I looked around me everyone was having a fun time because they could express themselves through their art. All students need to be able to express themselves without having someone telling them that they are doing things wrong.

However I know that some people might say that is not true and if we allow students to do whatever they feel like doing then how are we suppose to make them do anything educational and how do you think it is going to help them in life. My answer to that is allow some type of creativity in their life because you cannot tell me that you expect students to be told later on in the future to do this and this tep by step. That is never gonna happen no one is ever gonna hold another persons hand all the days of their life thta is why they need a bit of freedom =now so they can have some experience with it when they get older.

In Conclusion,Allow studnets to have freedom in their life without having to be forced to do things,Students will have a wide variety of options and their limits are know through their experiences.    