Hello my name is Generic_Name. I am here because I am giving my opinion on whether students should have to participate in an extracurricular activity. I think that it would be good for students in many ways, so keep reading if you want to find out why.

Forcing students to join extracurricular activities is a good idea, one reason is that they might make new friends. This could happen because they would find other kids in they're group who enjoy the same things. Having friends makes school a lot easier and more fun. An extra bonus to having friends is that it is less likely for you to get bullied because you will have people to back you up. Even outside of school having friends is good. Like if you want to play basketball but you arent on a team, well boom! you could go to a court with your friends to run some games. In many ways having friends around will impact your life in good ways.

Another good reason for having to do activities is you could find out that your really good at something. Like, what if you could play a mean harmonica without even knowing it? You wouldn't have a clue unless you signed up for an extra activity. You might even be a good chess player. Im pretty good at chess and I wouldnt have known that unless I played a quick game with a friend. You could even make new friends with your newly discovered skills. Some activities can help you later in life, like if you need to knit a rope because you got lost in a forest, or you need to know how to jump start a car because it broke down on the side of the road, well no problem you already know how to do it because of the activity.

You could have a lot of fun doing some activities. Having fun is important because you dont want to have suicidal thoughts or depression. Being depressed could easily lead to bad grades and poor choices. Having fun is good because your life will just be better. You can do tons of things to have fun or be happy. Maybe your fun is reading, well then you could sign up for a book club. I have fun playing sports like basketball, or baseball. I like getting fresh air, so I play outside a lot. Again, having fun is so important it makes you want to try more things. Having fun can make people like you more so it could lead to you getting more friends, and having friends is also very important.

OK! I have given my opinion on why every student should be forced to do extracurricular activities. I definitely think it would help out tons of kids to do it. So we should start as soon as possible. well its time to wrap things up. It was nice writing to you. this was more fun than I thought. See you later, bye!