This is an essay about Venus. In this essay I am going to tell you about the Venus an is it worth pursuit despite all the dangers. Venus is to me is yes it is worth pursuiting despite all of its dangers to the human life form. I belive this cause how are we ever going to know the truth if we don't go and find it out for ourselfs. We have to go out there an look for ourself so that we know what is out there. What really extist was there once life form on Venus. If so whendid they die or are they still there. See we will never uncover the truth if we dont break out of our shell and go exporing to the unknown we have to do it. Nobody esle is going to go out into space and find out what is really up in space.

We have our theory about other life out in space, of the once vallys, mountains and the carter on the surface of Venus so that we have our theory that once a long long time ago there once were a form of life on Venus. Now we have to think about how they lived, how they got their food, how they did all the thing sthat we as humans do but on a planet that has low gravit pulling you down. On Earth we have a greater about of gravit pull us down to the ground than Venus does. Earth has also more water than Venus does now, but what if that was to change . What if the planet Venus had more water than Earth. What if Venus and better things than Earth does. Then why did Venus died what had to happen to whipe out and whgole plant that had maybe life form of some sort and that we know had water and enough oxygen to have the livingh life form of some kind to kive there. So what did happen to the planet Venus. How did this onbce living planet now become with no life form of any kinds.

The only danger of this idea of going to the planet Venus is that what if they don't make it home. Whatif ther are other life form living on Venus still but we just dont know what they are or how they came about there are hunders of thing that we as human we have not yet discover. An maybe will never discover about how we got to where we are today. How we have got what we have today. These are thing that we may never truthy understand about where we came from. How we got to this day in time and how are we going to live these thing are unknown, till the end of time.  