The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because the planet itself is dangerous. Venus is the same as the Earth, I mean it is reffered to as Earth's "twin", but there both the same only because of the density and size. Both planets do have the same shape and density, but planet Earth is much more safer than Venus.

Venus has a thick atmoshpere, so it makes it harder to breathe. For example, in the text it says," a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere." It's impossible for somoene to even live on Venus because of it's own atmosphere.

Exploring and studying the planet Venus is actually challenging when you think about it. People tried to study about the planet, people have tried to explore, but in the end, it ends up failing. For example, in the text it states, " since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades. Numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us." This is explaining how bad the planet really is.

No spacecraft can even touch the ground on planet Venus. The reason why no spacecraft has touched down on planet Venus is because of the clouds itself. For example, in the text it explains," the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmoshpheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Venus has a temperature of 800 degrees fahrenheit, while Earth's highest temperature is at least 110 to 120 degrees. So planet Venus is very hot, that probably explains why no spacecraft can land on the planet because it's so hot in the planet that the clouds trap all that heat inside.

In conclusion, these are the reasons why the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.   