This teens manual I talk to talk about expectation. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

The first I ready to talk about some expectation. That's great to some students learning option to take some class in home, for example, some people do others things to help in home one example is he/her work in some place to help his family. Other example, regularity students nope have the opportunity go to the schools because the students things they not equality or things he/her can't do anythings to learning. I support the way to some teachers or one person is working to schools or some people have permission to teacher to go the house the person nope lost any classes they provide.

The another reason, Responsability, for example, the place where I born people need to walk a lot distance to go learning and graduation some teachers sometime they go to the house where you live to teachers somethings to you. Other example, some time the people nope have transport or some people not have money to pay the transport to go schools. To graduate or learning more you do a lot things to graduate, however, if you put you responsibility you can do a lot or things to learning. Always the people is intelligent to great in school they can obtain beneficial scholarship to helping you and the family.

Reason of this teens. People take classes the way online, some examples, a lot people taking that's way because some people are elder; but they things is better to graduate because he/she work and others things. Some people things that's is more better for then I things that's is great to do both side. People can helps another person or example some reason why he/her taking that's journey to graduate. Always one person in class is coming four or less days to schools the attends is so bad students things is better go to work that's why a lot students take that's route. Some students don't matter anythings about the school, however, students particularity not a lot both some person things bad.

Next reason, offer to learning to night is better too, for example, some people things that is better option too, however, not a lot person have some opportunity to attend classes in home in the morning or late. A lot students take the opportunity to finish the school online. Person take that opportunity is because they have another weigh, for example, they go to work or stay in home to do nothing about his life.

That's great to some students learning option to take some class in home, for example, some people do others things to help in home one example is he/her work in some place to help his family. The place where I born person walk a lot distance to learning and somethings to graduation some when teachers sometime they go to the house where you live to teachers somethings to you. People can helps another person or example some reason why he/her taking that's journey to graduate. Some people things that is better option too, however, not a lot person have some opportunity to attend classes in home in the morning or late. My options I take the position to learning or finish my high school online, because that's really great to explain another person your experience about to finish school online. Always the person things somethings they not have good ideas to his life or something similarity. Opportunity great things for the person have major action.

Great take both ideas in this teens.  