Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I understand that you are considering two possible policies that have to do with using cell phones in school. I think that you should think of allowing students to bring phones to school and let them use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time. thirty percent of the population of children are getting in trouble in school because of the use of cell phones in school.

First of all, if students have cell phones then they will be tempted to use it and might get in trouble if they use it in class secretly because they are not allowed to use them in school. Lets say that students are in class and they feel the urge to text because they have not used the phone that day. They will want to use it in class but they will do it secretly so the teacher wont take it away. For example there was this kid in my class and while we were in the middle of the lesson he would take out the phone while the teacher had her back to us and start using it. If you put the policy that will let us use our cell phones in school during lunch periods and free time then we will have enough texting done so that we will not need to text anymore until school is finished or until their next free time.

Second of all, if we were able to use our phones in lunch periods or free times then what will be the point of students getting in trouble all the time because of cell phones. Just think about it, if students aren't able to use their phones in school at all then they will use it no matter what the case is because they feel the urge to do it. They will feel the need to do it because either they receive text that will make them want to reply back or they become so obsessed with using them that they think that they have to use it.

Lastly, you wont have teachers complaining about their students not paying attention in class due to the fact that the students are always on their cell phones. Most teachers have to stop the lesson because they have to waste their time taking students cell phones away. If you put the policy that students can use their phones at free times and lunch periods then teachers wont be interrupted anymore and will just have to worry about teaching the students about what they have to learn to pass to the next grade.

Finally, that is why it would be a great idea to put the policy that will let the students use their cell phones at free times and lunch periods. I mean sure if students aren't allowed to use their phone at all because of school rules then they might be willing to not use it because they wouldn't want it taken away. But just think about the amount of students that will be able to pay attention in class because they won't need to use their phone. I hope you take my letter to consideration and put a policy that will allow students to use their phones freely during free times and lunch periods.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME