Schools are now starting to provide new methods of students being able to learn. With having school at home there is many benefits and cons about it. Students now have more ways to go to school and get a education that maybe they weren't able to get before. I think that students wouldn't really benefit from taking classes from home because they are more distractions, the student would probably will be on their phone, and the lack of communication with others.

Distractions become more noticeable at home because there are loads of things that could distract you. For example, if your taking your classes in the living room, the TV might be on or you're attempted to go watch TV. Another example, could be that your in the kitchen and you happen to start eating and you happen to take a break from your class. I honesty think that if you take classes from home it's a waste of time.

These almost everyone has a phone and even now at schools everyone is on them. I think that the with being home and having classes the phone will be like one of the main problem because of how addicting it is. For example during a session you get a call or text and your mind gets preoccupied with that text or call that you receive. It also takes away time from learning because if your constantly on the phone you aren't paying attention to whats happening.

Another reason that I think that we don't really benefit is that theres a lack of communication with other people. Having good communication skills is important to have because you might need it for a future job. With taking online or video conferences it sort of helps with that but not fully. It's more beneficial that they go to a public or private school because they are different types of people and you get more experience on the communication. For example, with doing a video conference most likely you'll be talking to the same teacher every day, while going to school somewhere you won't talk to the same one or couple of people.

With all being said, students should attend school instead of taking classes at home because of all the distractions, phones being in the way, and of lack of communication. Even though I might think a certain way, you shouldn't just take all my advice, many people happen to learn or educate themselves in different ways. I would like to thank whomever is reading this and thank them for the effort they put into reading this. By the way never stop learning in the long run it helps out a lot.      