Phones and Driving

In 1973, the first handheld cell phone was made. 23 years later, the first ever flip phone was introduced to the public. Cell phones have come a long way since they were first invented, and today people rely on them for more than just communication. Smartphones. For instance, can do anything you can imagine, and we rely on them so much there's no telling where we would be without them. In fact, people use their cell phones practically 24/7. People text on the toilet, stream music in the shower, and unfortunately, use their phones while driving. This is probably the worst thing about cell phones. Phone related car crashes are one of the most common causes of fatalities in teens and adults. 1.6 million crashes a year are the result of people using their phones while driving. No one, not even the most skilled driver in the world should be able to use a cell phone in any way while driving.

It's not always easy to control a vehicle. Weather conditions, traffic, and other people make driving very difficult sometimes. If you add the distraction of a cell phone, driving is 10 times more difficult to focus on. You've probably seen someone text and drive. In the few seconds they take to glance away from the road and at their phones, a car crash could happen. It only takes one second for your car to swerve into the other lane. Phones should never be used while driving for many reasons, and the main reason being that it is extremely dangerous. Texting and driving makes you 23% more likely to get in an accident. It's so much smarter to wait until you've reached your destination to use your phone. If you can't wait, you can pull over on the side of the road. If not, you could greatly risk your life.

Another important reason why operating a phone while driving should be prohibited involves other drivers as well as passengers that may ride in your car. When someone rides in your vehicle, whether its a friend or your child, you are responsible for them. By using your phone at the wheel, you put both you and your passengers at risk of injury or even death. You also put the strangers driving beside you at risk. Texting and driving doesn't just risk you. Most fatal car crashes involve more than one car. If you don't want to live with the fact that you hurt someone you love or even just a stranger, using your phone while driving shouldn't be an option.

Lastly, in some states, using your phone while driving is illegal and can cost you a lot of money. In georgia, for instance, holding a cellphone while not parked, or even pressing one button on a phone can get you a ticket. With each offense, the fines get larger. It's not worth paying a large ticket to send a short text message. Additionally, if someone dies in a car crash because of your actions, such as texting and driving, you could be charged with vehicular manslaughter and go to jail for up to 20 years. Texting and driving tickets, if shown on a police report for a wreck you are responsible for, will greatly increase your insurance rates, making your life a lot harder than it was before you decided to text and drive. Unless you have a money tree in your backyard and don't mind ridiculous insurance for the rest of your life, its best to wait until you get home to use your phone.

In conclusion, it's hard to imagine why anyone would think using a phone while driving is a good idea. Nothing good can come from texting or talking on the phone behind the wheel. The best decision anyone can make is to completely forget about their phones while driving and focus on the road. You risk so many things by using your phone while operating a vehicle.. You risk your life, your friends life, strangers lives, and even the money in your pocket. The only exception to being on a phone while driving should be to report an emergency. Otherwise, the use of a cell phone is risky and should be completely banned all over the world. Statistics alone should be enough to open people's eyes to the dangers of using their phone in the car. Phones are distracting and without a doubt should not be used while operating a vehicle.

3            