Do you ever want to do something fun at your school that you really like? Well you came to the right school, cause the principal made a rule that you either have to play a sport or join a club that you like.

You could play on a basketball team

You could play on a football team

You could play on a flag football team

You could play on a baseball team

You could play on a softball team

You could play for a soccer team you could join a cheering team

I agree with the principal because, when we get home we don't do anything and kids are lazy nowadays. We either take a nap, eat, watch YouTube, or play video games. Also it will give kids a chance to have fun and make new friends and see what they like so they can do it the future.

So if you don't agree with me, I'll give more reasons like kids are overweight, they're lazy, most of them won't do anything cause they are out of shape. Probably the first thing they do when they get his eat and play video games and watch YouTube. So that is why the principal put in the new rule, they could make new friends while they're after school or join something their friends are in. Also it will be good if your going to play in high school sports cause you already known what it takes to be on the sport team.

It is really fun cause you when you play a game that is home you will feel good cause everyone from your school is there cheering you on. Also if you win your game at home it feels nice cause everyone is cheering your team on and then when you go back to school everyone will be taking about the win. If you don't believe me ask anyone that plays/played for a school team, most likely your parents played for a school team both of my parents did.

If your not interested in sports you could do other afters school activities like

Book club

Yearbook club

Dance club

Cooking club

Computer club

Student council

Engineering club

You could do those clubs in stead of playing sports, You could also do many other things that you like if you don't like any of this thing. Ask your teacher if you could make club and if she says yes go to her office. If you don't like your club cause everything was filled it is fine, cause you could join it the next semester but you have to be one of the first to sign the sign-up sheet. Also you be given a snack at the beginning of your after school period you could choose anything and, if you take the bus it will be there so you can go home.

But if you don't take the bus you will have to be picked up by 4:30 and then you be home and do whatever you want to do. But if your parent can pick you after school you could leave at the normal time school gets out and if your not feeling good you could also leave at the normal time. But before you could anything you have to do your homework and then go to your after school club.

If you don't want to go you will have to go to the principal and explain why you can't, but if it is a dumb reason you will have to go to after school. Like if you have a broken leg and you play on a sport team you could still go to practice and see what they are doing and see al the drills they are doing. Also if you fake an injure and the teacher find your big trouble cause you not listening to the principal. But you could get kicked out if your being bad and you will have to serve a punishment cause your still on school grounds. Like you you hit a student you will get suspended but if you hit the teacher you will get expelled.

If your playing sports it is all year long until the season ends, if your coach finds out your is taking drugs you will get kicked of the team. You will have the same rules as a high school cause you probably play for the high school team. But it won't costs any money cause the principal made us join the clubs so we could do something after school. Most likely we will find our hobby forever cause we are going to do it for the rest of the semester. If you find something that someone is doing and you want to do it just tell the teacher cause they will put you guys together.

If you still don't agree with me you should just try it out cause it fun, You could have fun, make new friends and bond over things you all like. Like sports if you join one of the sport teams you could meet someone with same interest like you. Same with all the other club that the school is providing to the students, like book club you could like the same book as someone else and be best friend over that one book cause you joined the book club. I met one of my best friend through basketball and we liked other stuff that wasn't basketball related.

Most likely you won't like it at first but then when your half-way through the year you will love it. Most of the time I join a club that i like cause it fun to meet new people that have the same interest as you. Sometimes the club isn't fun but that is okay cause you could join a new one. Most of the time everyone will be shy at the beginning cause no one knows each other but half way through the semester you will known everyone. Cause everyone won't be shy cause they will see you everyday plus, when your in school at lunch and you don't known anyone and you see one of those people you could sit with them. When you meet a new person they will have friends so you could more friends when the new person shows you to them.

So what we know is that joining an after school program could give you a lot of benefits and friend. Also they is a lot of clubs and sports you could join for fun. Also eat a free snack so your not hungry when you get home to your parents.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      