Dear State Senator,

I think that our president's should be chosen by popular vote because they have better chances of winning and they will know how many people agree with what they are trying to do in the United States.

The president's have better chances of winning because they can have the most votes and wouldn't have to wait on the Electoral College. Such as paragraph 9 says, "Thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." I think that was unfair because Al Gore could of been the president but instead he was not, after all the campaigning he did to get those voters to vote for him it ended up as a waste because the voting didn't get him anywhere. If I was a president I would be highly upset because I knew I could have a big chance of losing just because of the Electoral College. What doesn't make any sense to me is that the voters are not voting for the president but are voting for a slate of electors. What's the whole point of voting then? People are out here voting for electors that they don't even know and most of the electors are people who not holding public office. In paragraph 13 it says, "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." To me they are cheating people out of their votes, people vote for the one that they think could make a change not just voting just to be voting.

The president would know how many people agree with what they are trying to do in the United States. The electoral college votes won't help them know who is really for them and who's not because if someone win over electoral votes there are going to be people out there mad about the fact that they had won. This will make people not want to vote at all because 9 times out of 10 the person they are voting for gone lose. The electoral college just makes it difficult for the people that are running for president. I'm not saying that it should be easy to just become something big, but if you worked hard enough I think that you should be honored enough to become president through popular votes. This will make the incoming president feel appreciated for all the hard work they did to recieve all these votes. They will know that what they are trying to set forward is good for some people and not just for them. Such as paragraph 12 says, "Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote." What would happen then? That's why you should just give it to the person with the most votes because they deserve it.

I hope what I have really proved my argument that we should change the way a president is chosen so it can be fair to everyone. I think this will make the incoming president feel confident in himself to make this happen.

Sincerley,

PROPER_NAME            