I believe that if you get multiple peoples advice you can see there view on it, see what they would do in the situation, and to see which one had the best advice.

reason one is that sometimes if people give you advice you do not listen to your own. also, you could see if anyone was in this situation before. secondly is some people have been in the situation your in so if they give you advice listen to it because their just trying to get you out of it. third reason is listen to their advice and never think about it again you could remember everything that happen. also, when you listen to other peoples advice you could learn from your mistakes because they probably did it before. if you listen to other peoples advice you can not make the mistake you made again. in conclusion if you listen to other peoples advice you could see the view of what they would do.

if you listen to other peoples advice you could see what they would do in this situation. if you listen to more then one person they could tell you what they did to get out of the situation. also if you listen to peoples advise it can not always be good so you have to watch out. many times when you listen to your own advise you do not listen to your own. you should always listen to your parents advise because they probably have been in your shoes before so they can tell you how to get away from it. in conclusion you should listen to parents or friends and see what they would do in your situation.

if you listen to multiple people you could see which one had the better advice. if you listen to many people two people might have great advice you just might have to choose the one you think is right. also if you listen to your friends they could help you because they maybe have be there to. another reason is if you listen to family they could help you get rid of your problem or situation. listening to parents and friends to see which one is better is hard because you have to choose your family or friends to help and it could be hard.

in conclusion giving advise to people could really help them because they might would want to hurt themselves or hurt other people and that could be really bad because they could go to jail.