If I was arguing with some one that the face on mars was not real and that it was some thing that just happend on its own I think that it could go both ways and that it could of been an alien but it really just probly happend on its own.

We could argue and argue about this subject but if I was a scientist I would make a camera that could go farther and depper into mars outmasphere so we could see what was going on for some days to mounths to see what would happen if nothing happend then I would be right if we seen aliens there then he would be right.

But it would be alot easyer said then done to make that camera that can go that far into space to see that much for that long it would not be a easy task. But for the sack of seeing if aliens were real then it would be worth making to see if aliens are real or not. Because that would change every thing that we now about a different life force then use. It would blow up I would become famus nowing im the one that made the camera.

But I would also be famous if i was the one that found out that it was just a big joke and it was realy just like sand and rock. So there would not be a big comspeisy of it. And not even that i would prove that guy in the lab wrong that it is not even aliens that it is just sand and rock.

But It would be pretty cool to see aliens and we only seen this way back in 1976 I wonder how long it has been there it could be billions to only 40 years old. But i would get to work to see if i could build the camera to send to mars and see what was going on on mars. And if I was to build it and if it would work I would keep it there on mars untill it ran out of battries and if there was yto be nothing then I would be right but if there was to besomething then that guy from the lab would of been right.

But that is what i woud do if I was a sientist that worked for NASA abd there was a big argument about what it was then that is what I would do to see just make a camera to see which one was right me or the guy in the lab. Hopfully I would even be able to build that if i was a scientist that worked for NASA.      