No I think that the Electoral College does not work, and it has no meaning. One reason is each running canidate for president has its own has his or her own group of electors. The electors are usually picked by the canidate's political party. Which is good that they have there own because then the votes would just be a landslide on the outcome of it. Then the citizens votes come in and thats when the votes start to seperate in total, because theres more citizens voting for the other runner than there are electors of those running presidents and vice presidents. Now every state has there own amount of electoral votes.

Now there are some bad things about the electoral colleges, for instance under this system you vote for the electors, who in turn vote for the president. And for instance you lived in Texas and wanted to vote for someone, you'd vote for a slate of 34 democratic electors that pledged to that person, then he would get all those electoral votes for the state of Texas. And voters can't always control who there electors vote for but they can sometimes, if they know who there electors are voting for. And they also sometimes get confused about the electors and sometimes vote for the wrong canidate.

So pretty much at the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state. Canidates dont spend time in states thet know they dont have no chance of winning. And it doesnt really give them a chance to vote for who they want to vote for the electors do that part.

The most worried outcome of the votes is a tie in the electoral vote part. If that happens the election would be decided by the House Of Representatives, where they will vote on the president. And the senate would choose the vice-president. Because each state gives out only one vote. But the House's selection will most likely not reflect on the peoples choice.

Well thats what i think of the electoral college, its unfair, and outdated. I think we should get rid of this system because its reallly bad towards voters, and it  would make voting have more freedom other than leaving your voting up to the electors,  instead of yourself. And the winner-take-all system is dumb also because you have really no control over who wins if that system is available.    