Should students be allowed to have cell phones during school? I think that students shouldn't be able to have cell phones at school at all because first its to distracting and the student wont be learning anything because he/she would be occupied doing something there not supposed to be doing. Second is school is a leaning environment not a place to be doing other things with your cell phone we come to school to learn! The third why i think having cell phones on campus is because we all have ore free time to do whatever we have to do.

The first reason why i think havening cell phones on school campus is because its really distracting and we wont learn anything because well be occupied on our cell phones. For example , we need to forces on more important things such as school work and maybe after school activates. I think we shouldn't be able to have our phones because 50% of students that have cell phones fail there classes because while the teacher is explaining something important the student us either messing around or texting another student which is not only affecting he/she but others around them.

The second reason why i think cell phones shouldn't be allowed on school campus is because school is a place to learn not use your phone in class. We come to school for one reason and one reason only at that is to go to school and get the education we need for a better future and all of the above. We need to help all students get ahead of life and have good jobs that they could all be proud of.

The third reason why i think having cell phones at school is a bad idea is because we all have free time i do understand we also have to have a social life and communicate with other students or peers. Not everything is fun and games sometimes we just need to expect the what our parents do what they do because they love and care about us.

We shouldn't be able to have cell phones because honestly its just a waste of time and we could do so much better and if we do a good job in school than we would have time for other things because in life there is time for everything but it also has its own time. we shoulnt be abl