I believe that most students should volunteer in community service. It really could help the world we live in today. People just throw things on the ground and kill our world, by not treating it right. I think we should all be apart of community service. It would help our school raise more money for more activities and we could help other people by making the world better for them. Some people laugh at people doing community service, but what they really should be doing is helping them. They know that doing things for other people, or the community, is the right thing. So i believe that our school should take a full day off, out side, help other people clean up streets, parks, and yards. It would be a lot of help, and even if we don't get paid, we all know we did the right thing. Our world could be a much better place than what it is now. We don't always have to depend on technology to do everything for us. Especially cars, way back people didn't depend on cars, because they weren't even invented, but they had to walk where ever they needed or wanted to go. Whether women were with child, someone had a broken leg, or u could've been sick. Either way, they still kept going until the reached their destination. They couldn't depend on all the technology we have today. Our world could be so much better if we all just stood up and did something nice for a change, like help someone walk their dog or dig up a garden. Maybe help an elder cross the street. You shouldn't expect someone to give cash right away either. Just because you help doesn't mean your lame, or stupid. It means that actually care about the ones around you. So i believe that our school should get up and make a change for once. There should be no more sitting around, doing things we already know, when we could out there, in the world, helping others, learning new things, and how all of this is useful to us. We could show our town, our community, and everyone else in the world, that we were given an amazing thing.