Distance Learning can be very beneficial in some aspects, but in others it can be very detrimental to kids and their families. If kids started taking more online classes it could ruin their high school experience. It can also cause them to become very anti-social with them being at home all of the time and not being at school in class. This may also cause them to get in to more trouble with being at home 24/7, which can also lead to kids not doing their work and not graduating because of it. Kids need to go to school so they can have a good experience of high school before college, stay connected with friends so they do not feel left out when they try to speak with people in public and succeed in getting a job for them to make money

Kids can lose their high school experience if taking online classes. There will be no dances that are held for the students that take online classes and they will not be able to participate in regular after school activities. They won't have a homecoming or prom that they can get a date to because of this. This is one of the biggest parts of high school; being able to go to prom and have fun with your friends or significant other. School Dances are meant to be fun, and if they take online courses this is something they can not attend. Another big loss is they won't have the chance to go see big sports events and participate in the crowd while cheering on their team, or even play on the team and create a bond with their teammates. Students will miss out on spirit week which a very special week that everyone in the school looks forward to because everyone loves this week. It is a laid back week of where you decorate floats and class rooms all leading up to the big varsity football game, which they won't be able to have if they take these online classes at home. High school is something you need to experience in life, and if students stayed home and took online classes they wouldn't have an actual high school, so they would be missing out on most things if not everything that happens throughout high school.

This can also hurt students because of them not being in a classroom with other students; they can very easily become very anti-social, and not know how to communicate very well to others. They will not constantly have to talk to teachers or other classmates about work, or have to work on a project in a group, which can help them tremendously with people skills. They generally will not make friends or see any of their friends because of them being at home while their friends are at school, which can cause anti-socialism. They will not be in class interacting with other teachers and students, which can lead to them not having confidence in talking or not wanting to talk to other people or students. This is also just an important thing you need in life cause everything you do will require human interaction when you become an adult and try to get a job. If they can not speak and be comfortable how are they going to do an interview for someone they are trying to work for and probably have never seen before.

Although this can open many doors for students and their families. They will be able to learn at their own pace and not have to try and keep up with the teachers while taking notes or doing work. They might learn better through taking an online course because of them being able to go slower than a teacher would. This can help students from being bullied because they are safe at home away from the kids that might try to bully them if they already don't do it. This can also save the family if the parents are not in a very good financial state at the time of when the kids take the classes because they do not have to take them to school everyday which can cause more gas money, but can also keep them away from bullies on the bus and keep them in a safer environment.

In conclusion, this can be very beneficial to kids because of not having to travel or walk anywhere to go to school, but it also can hurt the students futures, which they need because what they experience now; bad or good, will affect how they act and conduct themselves later. Online classes is something that can be very beneficial, but at the same time can hurt the students in a very bad way and take away their high school experience.