The implications of technology that can detect emotions simply by reading the muscles in the face sound truly remarkable. The thought that one can tell what another is thinking simply by plugging data or maybe even a picture into an algorithm sounds like fiction, but may soon be a reality. The article, "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto briefly discusses the possible use of such technology in a classroom. The system could examine student's faces, and if they read to be unengaged or uninterested, could adjust the lesson to make learning more interesting to that group of students. That type of technology could revolutionize learning, and customly tailor lesson plans to the feelings of students on any given day. Technology that reads people's emotions would be beneficial in a classroom setting, because it would adjust lesson plans, make learning more fun, and could also help students struggling to focus in class.

The technology to read emotions would greatly change the way students learn. If a teacher used this technology and noticed that all of his students were bored and uninterested, he could alter the lesson plan to make it more fun. Not all students will feel the same, though, which is also where this technology could come in. At the beginning of a school year, perhaps, the teacher could use the technology on the class to see how they feel about the particular subject. Then, the students who are excited about the subject and show interest could be sorted into a class that can be run in a way that makes the class educationally suitable for students who actually want to learn that subject. The students that do not show as much interest, or none at all, could be sorted into a seperate class that makes the subject more fun, but still teaches the same points as the other class.

Another application of such technology in the classroom could help to make learning overall more fun for all students. If many students start to become bored, then the teacher could come up with a quick game to enrich the learning experience. If many of the students are already interested with the subject matter, the teacher may not have to do as much adjusting. If the students need to be enriched with games and activities, now the teacher will immeditely know. This could overall make learning a lot more fun, but introducing more games and activities into the curriculum as see fit. If the students want to play knowledge enriching games, they can just show disinterest, and the system would pick that up and inform the teacher. The technology to read student's emotions in the classroom as a very basic level could make learning more fun and personal to the student.

Reading students emotions would also be helpful to identify those students who are struggling to focus or simply understand the material being presented to them in class. If a student shows confusion or discontent, it may be able to pick that up and show the teacher specific students that need help. The teacher could take the student aside and ask if they need help, and then adjust their learning accordingly. Another way this technology could help struggling students is to set them up with tutors that are doing well in the class. If a student is excited to learn consistantly during that class period, they could be sat next to a struggling student in order for the one not doing as well to recieve help from a peer. The ability to read emotions in the classroom would help students who are struggling tremendously.

Adjusting lesson plans, making learning more fun, and helping struggling students are three of the main reasons in which emotion-reading teachnology would be amazing to introduce into the classroom. The students would control the class, not the teacher, and it would make the learning experience more customized to each particular class. As well, it would allow for more interesting games and activities to be introduced into the curriculum in order to keep learning entertaining and entriching. Students who struggle with particular subjects would be able to recieve help using the technology, and the teacher would not have to guess which students are struggling only based on grades. The technology of emotion-reading should be applied to all classrooms when it becomes widely available, because it could help both teachers and students improve the learning environment. 