Dear Principal,

There is no doubt that cell phones are very important to our every day lives. They allow people to get in contact with each other in just the click of a button. But they can also cause problems, not just at home, but in school too. Which is why I believe that Policy 2 is the right choice. They are a distraction to students, an easy way to cheat, and can cause serious problems such as rumors and gossip.

Teachers know how hard it is to grasp a student's full attention for the whole class period. They get easily distracted and bored, and are always looking for something to entertain them. If cell phones were allowed during classes, instead of only during lunch periods and other free times, they would be put to use constantly. Students would be able to communicate through text message throughout the classroom, and the teacher would never know. If a student had an Internet connection on his/her phone, they would be able to play games, go on websites that are not allowed in school, and so on. This would all take place right under the teacher's nose, but they would have no way of knowing what was going on. This could be a serious problem for a student's education too. Since cell phones are such a distraction, Students could miss important lessons taught that day, and may fall behind.

Not only are cell phones a distraction, but they are also a way of cheating. Imagine a student doing his work, and suddenly he doesn't know the answer to a problem. Fortunately, he has his cell phone in his pocket, and can look up the answer on the internet. If cell phones are allowed during class, students can easily get information of the web, without doing to work nessacery.

During tests, students can send messages back and forth on what the answers are, and the teacher would never know. This is a problem, because students who are caught cheating can end up in serious trouble.

Cell phones can come to use once in a while; if you need to contact a parent or guardian, or if there is an emergency, your able to call some one right away.

If there was an emergency, isn't that what the school phone in the office is for? If students really needed to call someone, they can simply get a pass and go down to the office to use their phone.

Not only are cell phones a problem towards the education of a student, but they can also cause problems towards the social lives of students. Rumors can ruin a persons reputation, that's a known fact. High school students and even middle school students love to talk. If cell phones were allowed, rumors would fly around the school. In a matter of minutes, everyone would know the latest gossip, just by one person pressing the "Send to all" button. This can lead to bullying, which could also lead to a flaw in that student's education. So no matter what, cell phones are a disadvantage to a school.

As you can see, their are many more cons then there are pros for cell phones allowed during class. Policy 2 is the right choice because it allows students to get in touch with whoever they need to contact, It can keep a student from cheating and save them the trouble that comes along with it, and it is also a way to slow down rumors, and a save a child's reputation. All just by removing cell phones from school. It's as easy as it sounds!