I always did love taking care of animals and doing other stuff as a crew of the Seagoing Cowboys.

I am here because many people argue whether be a Seagoing Cowboys is something you should do. I believe that being a Seagoing Cowboy is worth the risk all just so you could help people and just have fun.

Helping people in need is really what matters in lfe. Its really in every human job there is. A dentist helps your teeth keep clean, a teacher helps you learn, and a mechanic helps you fix your car. Almost every human job out there is all about helping people. In my case I got to help people in need after World War II . I was in a group called UNRRA, which was a group who helped pople in animals and food supplies. I feel good now that I know I got to serve countries that were left in ruins. I am sure mighty proud that I became a Segoing Cowboy. It helped me realize that not only I need help but other people are also in need of help.

I also had lots and lots of fun while I was a Seagoing Cowboy. In case you ever got bored, there was no problem playing games. There were so many to choose from. There was baseball, volleyball, table tennis, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling. I was so entertained. When we played games the time flew by as if it were a cheetah on the clock. There was usually no way you could have got bored with all the choices you had as entertainment. This is another reason why you should join Seagoing Cowboys.

I will warn there will be risks in doing this though. I know it sounds kind of dangerous, but I believe that it is worth it, and I would know. I once was night watchman, I had to check that every thing was going smoothly. Everything was going okay untill I slipped on a ladder and fell on my backside. I was heading for a entrance at the side of the boat, but a small strip of metal stopped my slide. I could have flown straight into the Atlantic Ocean. I also had broken ribs so I coulndn't work. Even though this happened I am still very grateful that I am alive and still helping people in need. I feel good putting my life at risk for millions of people in need.

I know that there is risk but it is worth it. You get to have fun and have a good feeling in your heart, all for just helping people in need. I am grateful for the oppurtunity, and it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. I do believe that being a Seagoing Cowboy is worth it. Who knows maybe you'll become the next one.                             