The Electoral College has been well working for many year and think that we shouldn`t change it because it been an well know process for elections for the pasted years of our country`s history.

The Electoral College is a process, consider a place. Our founding fathers established it in the our country`s Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by voting in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens.

The process of the Electoral College consists of the selection of the electors. They vote for th President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. The Electoral college consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. Your state`s entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation, one for each member in the House of Representives plus two for your Senators. Under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, the District of Columbia(DC) is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. Every candidate running for President in your state has his or her own electors group.

The electors generally are chosen by the candidate`s political party, but the states laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are. The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November, you help help choose your state`s electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate`s electors. Than after the presidential election, your governor prepared a " Certificate of Ascertainment" listing all of the candidates who ran for President in your state along with the names of their respective electors. The Certificate of Ascetainment also declares the winning presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors will resprent your state at the meeting of the electors in December of the election year. Under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century, the system allows for much worse. Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people.

That is why we should keep the Electoral College, because it to is party of what make our country`s history.                                                                                                                                                                                                    