We should abolish the Electoral College and change the election to popular vote for the president of the United States. The Electoral College is corupt compared to popular vote. They're more cons than pros about  the Electoral College. A lot of people agree that we should change our voting to popular vote. Electoral College voting should not be the way we vote for something so important.

The Electoral College System is wrong. In source two, Bradford Plumer said that "under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president". You have no clue who your voting in with the Electoral College system. Plumer also said "they can be anyone not holding public office" and "electors could always defy the will of the people". Do you really want someone who you dont know and can't trust to be an elector? If you wanted someone like that you might as well let a child do the job. In source one the Office of the Federal Register said "when you vote for your canadidate you are actually voting for your candidates elector's". More than one source said that you vote in electors when voting for a your candidate.

The Electoral College system is said to be unfair to voters in source two. The Electoral College system has a "winner-take-all" system. Which means if a Democrat candidate wins they will have Democrat electors and if a Republican wins the will have Republican electors. In source one the Office of the Federal Register also said that the "winner-take-all" system "awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate". This is not fair to the voters or the United States. If a tie happened it would be even more unfair to voters. if a tie did happen the House of Representatives would break it. In source two Plumer said "the House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people. If the voting doesnt even show your will why vote? Plumer also said in source two that "the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational". I agree with plumer, the Electaral College needs to go.

Even though the Electoral College has a lot more cons than pros they have some pros. In source three Posner give you the "five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President". Posner said the first reason was "certainty of outcome". The second reason is "the Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal". the third and fourth reason is "swing states" and "big states". the fifth reason is the Electoral College system can "avoid run-off elections". These are all pros of keeping the Electroral College, but are they really worth it? Would you rather have these pros compared to having fairness?

We should abolish the Electoral College and change the election to popular vote for the president of the United States. Popular voting is alot better for everyone. The pros of popular voting excedes the pros of the Electoral College. Popular voting gives everyone a fair chance and doesnt just have a "winner-take-all" system. it actually gives both political parties a chance. I agree with source two when it said "Abolish the Electoral College!". Source two was right we need to put an end to the Electoral College system!                                         