Not all students are the same and their varied conditions may affect their opportunity to obtain an education. Distance learning is a new innovative technique that some schools implement to offer online education at home. This technique can be offered in many ways such as: online video, conferencing, and online courses. Distance learning can be very beneficial for all students in any level of education. I think that students should be given the opportunity to obtain distance learning because it can be very convenient for students who suffer from illnesses and can't attend school, it allows students to work at their own pace, and it allows students to work when it is mostly convenient for them.

Implementing distance learning can decrease the attendance issue most schools face. Students miss school due to many factors; One of the main reasons why students miss schools is due to illnesses. Students who deal with very severe illnesses such as cancer are forced to not attend school for long periods of time. Which can hinder the student's future. Even illnesses that aren't very severe can still negatively affect students because most illnesses can be easily transmitted, such as the common cold, which can put other students' health at risk. To prevent this issue schools should offer distance learning by allowing the students to attend classes from anywhere whether it's their homes or hospitals. Students who suffer from health problems don't have to miss out on their education and get the same opportunity to learn like every healthy student.

Distance learning also allows students to work at their own pace which can be an advantage to students; Specially to those who have learning disabilities. Teachers work at the same pace with every student. Which isn't helpful for students as their minds work differently and their comprehension levels vary. Some students learn slower than others and most teachers don't recognize that. With distance learning each student can learn at the pace that is appropriate for them. Distance learning is also very helpful as the teacher's focus shifts to each individual student rather than the class as a whole. Online conferencing allows the teacher to understand the student more and asses their abilities. This helps teachers divide students based on what learning techniques is appropriate for them. Which can result in increased student performance.

Distance learning is very beneficial for students as they have the option to work when they are motivated and when it is convenient for them. Most students attend school with less than 5 hours to sleep due to sleeping late because of homework. Students who have the opportunity to work from home don't have to wake up early. Distance learning allows students to do online courses when they are energized, which doesn't have to be in the morning. This can improve the student's efficiency level and improve their performance. Not all students' physiological needs are met yet they are expected to work with no breaks during school hours. This is due to school hours not being enough for teachers to cover all the content that needs to be covered. Distance learning allows students to take breaks when they feel the need to. Giving students this autonomy can be more motivating to them.

Overall students' conditions vary from student to student. Each student is unique in that they have different minds and thinking levels. Which is why i believe that distance learning is a very innovative and useful technique that should be provided by all schools as learning option for students. Distance learning provides many opportunities for all students because it can is very useful for students who are sick and can't attend school, it can be helpful for students as they are working at their own pace, and it allows students to work whenever is convenient to them.