Dear Principal TEACHER_NAME,

I am writing you in concern of the new policy which you have been considering with the school board. In case you have forgotten, and I mean so in the utmost respect, it is just that people have a tendency to forget things, the new policy which has been suggested is to change school policy so that students are not allowed to participate in sports or other activities unless they have a B grade average. In my opinion, this change is immensely unfair to the student body, will cause disarray among the different clubs, and will hurt the school much more than it will aid the school. My understanding is that you are considering this policy change so that students will work harder to retain a B average and so the student body will improve, however, you must also consider the numerous possible negative consequences.

First however, I believe some background knowledge is required. As you know already, a C grade average is considered average in most of our country, where as a B or an A average are considered above average, and outstanding, respectively. Also, as you may know already, most of the student body retains a C average. Your change in school policy would mean that everybody who is currently participating in school activities would be kicked out of them until new term grades come in at which point they may only hope that they did well enough to continue their sport. Our competitive would all fail do to the almost complete rooting of the students. Now this may only last a term, but who knows how long it might take to raise your grade average by a whole letter? You obviously went to school when you were a child, and I assume you enjoyed the extra curricular clubs which your school had to offer. Now imagine this. Imagine that you learned that you had to maintain an A or B average to continue in these sports. Now this was one of the years where you didn't do so well, and therefore got a C average. Wouldn't such a thing be detrimental to you? It would cause you to be kicked out of every activity which you participated in unless you managed to raise your grade! That is one the main points I am putting forth. Such a change is not fair to the student body because the student body usually only maintains a C average!

Another negative consequence which may have been overlooked is the fact that people's grades are not always constant. A student may get straight As one term but in the next term may get straight Cs. That would mean the activities would have an inconsistent flow of students for every term. The students who had improved their average would join their respective clubs but the students who had not would be forced to withdraw from their activities. The sports teams would fail because every player they got with the new term would not be as practised as the ones which they had from the old term. And what if their all-star line-up could not retain the necessary grade point average? Then victory for our sports teams would almost be impossible. I do not doubt the skills of the students within our school, but skill given and skill learned are to different things to consider. A person who is not great at basketball but who goes to every practice and tries as hard as he can at home might as well match a natural-born super star at basketball who doesn't practice due to arrogance. Which also brings me back to how such a change would be unfair.

A person who might spend a huge amount of time practicing their sport but who was not the best academic wise would find themselves in an incredibly bad spot. They would not be allowed to participate in the sport which they loved until they academically improved. And this change might cause them to much stress to be able to improve.

The change which you are suggesting might even prove to be an unhealthy change to the student body to the amount of anxiety which it causes. Students would easily find themselves in depression when they are unable to retain the correct grade average and such a thing would never be good for a school. Also people would have to deal with the stress of knowing that if they do not do well enough in school, they will not be able to participate in the things which they love. Such a thing is almost the same as bribing students to do well in school. Because they do well enough they're allowed to play a sport or join a club but if they don't they cannot do anything extra-curricular.

Also, this would thoroughly disorganise after-school help due to the fact that after-school help falls under the category an "other activity." Students who needed help would not be able to get it through conventional methods within school. And what about the special education children or the less intelligent students who struggle just to pass? What about the people who can only get a C if they try their hardest? They would find themselves isolated, neither able to do well in school, nor able to do well in sports or other activities because they wouldn't be allowed to participate in them. Though I may be talking extremes, such a thing would be likely to increase the possibility that one of those misfortunate students would commit suicide! And a life is a life no matter how that person does in academics.

Certainly you cannot think that such a change would be a good thing for the school! All it would bring is chaos and stress and the amount of people who improve would also find themselves always under pressure, always struggling to be above average. There are various things that could go wrong under such a monumental change. It would certainly be unfair to the students, the activities would be very disorganized (some of them might even be forced to close due to lack of participants), and it would be unhealthy for all your students.

Please consider the statements which I have written above, and I hope they may influence a change of mind. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME