When needing advice due to a problem in life, people often go to someone to ask for advice and they generally go to multiple people to ask advice. For many people this can seem peculiar, going to multiple people for advice might seem point less to some, but when thought about, this method is a helpful way to make a better choice. By using the method of asking multiple people for advice, this could help someone make a better choice by doing this the person could see the problem from different perspectives, the person could get information that the other person asked didnt know, and there is the off chance that the person could be getting biased advice from the person without knowing. In all asking for advice from multiple people is helpful and is recommended to many people when dealing with a problem where they can use some advice with a problem they are struggling with.

If a person has a problem, a challenge most have is seeing it from other's perspective, sometimes a problem can only be solved when you take a step back and try to look at in a new way, and talking to multiple people concerning the topic can help someone do this. For example, say someone got into an argument with a friend after being offended by something the friend said, after they talked to multiple people about this they then could see that the friend didnt mean to offend him/her. If the person had not gone to someone else for advice then they wouldn't have realized that the friend was sorry and didnt mean to offended him/her, by talking to multiple people it helped them make a better choice. Besides helping people look at their problem from a different perspective, talking to multiple people can still help people make better choices in other ways, they could get information from someone that the previous people that they talked to didnt know, and the information could help influence their decision.

When people have a problem they seek advice from those around them, a major reason to asking multiple people for advice is that one of the people that is asked could be someone who has information that the others didnt know, or withheld. For example, in a 6rd grade class there was a boy who had trouble in history class, there was a history test on the following Friday, the boy was worried so he asked his best friend, Generic_Name what he should do, Generic_Name told him not to stress and that to study and he'll be fine. He trusted his friend's advice but asked his other friend, Generic_Name, just to be sure, his other friend told him that the test was 20 questions mostly surrounding the declaration of independence, after getting this information he studied his notes surrounding the declaration of independence and ended up getting a 98% on his history test, due to knowing what to expect. The boy at first only asked his best friend but after getting advice from another person, he understood what the test was about and what he should do. This method of asking multiple people for advice helped him and if he had not asked his other friend for advice, he would have been unprepared for the test. Besides the reasons to ask multiple people for advice, getting a different perspective and getting additional information,there is still another major reason to ask multiple people for advice, which is on the off chance that the first person(s) they asked were biased, and didnt give them direct information based on facts and not opinions.

Everyone is life will eventually have a problem that they struggle with, and the best course of action is to ask for advice from others around them, but to make sure that they are making a good choice they should get advice from multiple people, not just because of the needed perspective or the need for additional information, but because there is always a chance that the first person asked is giving biased advice. For example, at lunch there was an argument between 4 friends about DC vs Marvel movies and a mutual friend of the 4 was forced to chose a side in the argument, the mutual friend had never seen a DC or Marvel movie and didnt know anything about them, she went to ask advice about which side to choose from one of her friends that was on side DC, they told her that DC was better in special effects, plot and actors. She trusted her friend's advice but to make sure she had all the information she asked her older brother, someone who had seen all DC and Marvel movies and wasnt someone who had picked a side and genuinely supported both sided, her brother told her that DC and Marvel were both amazing franchises, but generally Marvel had a bigger budget and that they had more plot detail. After talking to her brother and her friend, she came to the conclusion that she believed Marvel was better franchise wise. The girl at first did not know what to do and after consulting her DC friend she was convinced DC was better, but after talking to her brother, who didnt chose a side, realized that she, personally, supported Marvel. If she did not go to another source for advice then she wouldn't have known that her DC friend was biased and embellished on a lot of details. With all of this it clear that asking for advice from multiple people helped her chose a better choice.

In conclusion, whether someone has a small problem like which franchise they support or if its a more intricate problem like a miss communication that could destroy a life long friendship, no matter how big or small the problem is asking advice is always something that helps and asking multiple people for advice could help make a better choice when dealing with a problem. Asking multiple people helps when someone needs a new perspective, additional information of the topic or if they just arent sure if the person they are getting advice from is biased.

In all asking for advice from multiple people is helpful solution and is highly recommended to many people when dealing with a problem where they can use some advice with a problem they are struggling with.