What is the reason why there is a face shape in Mars? No one know how it become a human face or if it a human face at all, and some think the reason behind it is that there are evidence showing live in Mars. I agree that the shape is a human face shape, but I also believe is just a landform. The reason is that as it stated in the article, the face is to attrack the people. As Technology improved, the picture are showing the real image of the face which reveal to change it shape.

The first reason to support my claim is that the face is use to attrack people, so that the people who made up the idea can earn the money. According to paragraph three it said that,"huge rock formation.. which resembles a human head... formed by shadowss giving the illusion of eyes,nose and mouth." Following the evidence is that also on paragraph three it say," The authors reasoned it would be a good way to enage the public and attract attention to Mars." This evidence tell me that with the idea of having a human face in Mars, it allowed people to think and believe what they told them.

On paragraph twelve, Garvin say that," It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,that's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars."The second reason is that the face was due to a land form. The evidence not only gave me the idea of how it was form, it also give me the idea of how it reminded them of the a real life thing happen in the United State. We can already agree with this evidence that the idea of the formation for a human face was due to landforms. Also when in a different planet landform are still the same as the earth by how the land change.

There may be live in Mars, and no one know that is true. In any case the Face of Mars might looked like a real human face, but if you look closely at the face that viking take in 2001, it doesn't look like a face. In the picture it show how the landform change it, and that the reason for why there are no Face in Mars. This argument will show you why the Face of Mars is just any landform like you see in earth.                  