When receiving advice, the response you get will be different from everyone. This is because everyone views things from a different standpoint. Some people think it's best to keep their not so positive opinions to themselves, while other are going to share everything with you. It's important to have both these kinds of people in your life, because they're both needed in different situations. Let's say, for instance, you get a new shirt that you absolutely love. You probably want to hear from your peers that it looks great on you. Now, let's say you are shopping and find shoes that you aren't too sure about. In this situation, you're probably wanting to hear from your more honest friend, who will truthfully tell you how they look. You also might want to hear from multiple people, because everyone has a different style and opinion.

The examples I listed previously were very simple. Sometimes when you are in need of advice, the scenario is slightly more difficult to deal with. A lot of people deal with drama between peers. When these things occur, it's very helpful to have multiple friends whom you can talk to. It's hard to solve a problem when it comes to people, because everyone has a different relationship with each other. If you have an issue with a friend and you only ask for advice from one person, you're only getting one side of the story. If you ask for advice from multiple people, you are going to get many different sides of the story. This is helpful because certain people may know things which you don't know. The way you view a person is probably different from the way your friend views a person and whether it's positive or negative it's important to listen to that opinion because they could effect your decision.

Another important detail is the age group you're talking to. If you're talking to your parents they might give you different advice then a friend might give you. Generally, parents will be a little more comforting and give you good advice about not worrying too much about it, while a friend might know more about the person whom you're having issues with and give you more advice on how to actually solve the problem. Both these opinions are great, but they're both different, which shows that it's important to have both these opinions rather than just one. It's also very important to have someone who will just listen to you, while others will do the talking while you listen to them. It's also a good idea to get advice from both males and females, because they tend to have different perspectives, which can be beneficial in certain situations.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions on a topic is always a good idea. Whether it's as simple as choosing an outfit, or as complicated as loosing a friend, theres always room for more advice. Receiving advice from many people is helpful in many ways and always works out better then getting advice from just one person. It can be hard to make decisions, but with others help it can be a lot more simple and your decision will probably end up being better than if you were to make it yourself.