Students want summer to be homework free, and not have to worry about summer projects. Most students will agree that summer is meant to give the brain a rest. Meant to give students time to have fun, be free, and enjoy the few months before school starts up again. Although some may disagree, schools should require summer work for students.

Students will come back to school from summer completely refreshed; however, if they don't do a summer project, they will feel lost. Some schools require a book report, or some sort of homework from some of your classes. Those book reports and homework keep you from forgetting the essentials in learning. The point is to make sure that there is some educational activity, and assure that students won't forget basic resources. Becoming lost mentally can feel like being dropped in a random part of the world. Without having some sort of tracker to keep students focused over the summer, students would feel lost and confused when they came back. Recovering from being confused and lost is easier said than done. As classes continue to progress, not knowing what happened before is brutal. Summer projects help prevent that with continual learning.

Assigning the projects to students can show the teacher many things. Summer projects can show the teacher what type of learner their student is. They can show what they've learned, their capabilities, and how much effort they put into their work. Teachers want their students to pass, and care about all of their students. Summer projects are ways to learn about their students and follow their progress. Summer projects help students get prepared for the lesson they will learn. Students being prepared for an upcoming lesson is essential in order to not make the students feel confused at the beginning. A strong start to a school year can determine the rest of the year. Students don't know how much a summer project has taught them until the year starts. When the student understands the lesson being taught, the school year will come much easier.

Summer projects are frowned upon by most students. Although some may disagree, schools should require summer work for students. Students not feeling lost and keeping a influential mind set during summer is essential for a good school year. Teachers assigning the projects and learning their students writing and learning methods is key for helping students in the future. Summer projects are useful for students, but are frowned upon because they don't let the students have as much freedom as they want. Some projects may seem unfitting and unnecessary; however, they keep the minds running and working efficiently.