Taking a deep breath in a city filled with cars and buses, people would be inhaling all the emissions giving off by the heavy duty use of cars. Taking in smog is like breathing in dirt. Changes around the world are taking place to accomodate to the impacts caused by cars. In the twenty-first cenury, cars are a must to get from place to place. So, why is it that there is a decline in the buying of cars? Well, the less usage of cars creates no smog to inhale, would promote alternative transportation, and the culture in this society helps create less dependence on cars which leds to a better envrionment.

First things first, around the world something known as "smart planning" is taking place. This is a movement to seperate suburban life from auto use. One main reason this movement is taking place is to reduce emissions giving off by automobiles, that would soon lead to smog. According to

Source 2:

"Paris ban driving due to smog,"  by Robert Duffer,  which states," After days of near-record polluton, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." This ban was necessary due to the over pollution cars create and because of it, air was able to become breathable again.  Moreover, in

Source 3:

" Care-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota," by Andrew Selsky, Bogota tells the goal behind the car-free day, which states, "The goal is to promote alternative transportaion and reduce smog." Clearly, having a bus filled with residents is a better choice than having cars filled only by one or two passengers because one bus would not produce as much emissions than twenty cars.

Futhermore, the less dependence of cars would promote alternative transportation. Having a city filled with people walking, riding bikes, and taking buses would allow a traffic free city. In Europe, cities are taking the step forward by creating a city where it is difficult to obtain a car. According to

Source 1:

"In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars," by Elisabeth Rosenthal, explains the main motive why cities are making it difficlt to use cars, which is, "Its basic precepts are being adopted around the world in attempts to make suburbs more compact and more accesible to public transprtation, with less space for parking." This means, that by making it a struggle to obtain a car, it would help promote others to use public transportation or another method, which at the end of the day, would benefit the environment.

Last but not least, the culture of the world is constanly changing day by day. In the twenty-first century, technology has taken over the lives of many. From apps to the internet, the changes are inevitable thanks to the breakthrough in technology.  In

Source 4:

"The End of Car Culture," by Elisabeth Rosenthal, Mimi Sheller, a sociology professor at Drexel University, explains,"Different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a long-term cultural shift." Mimi is talking about the recent decline of automobile sales occuring which mean less and less people are buying cars. She believes the reason behind the decline is due to the culture in which involves technology. Moreover, she goes on to say," Likewise the rise in cellphones and car-pooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work." Again and again technology proves to be a saving factor in this world to humans, and in this case it is saving humans from injurying the only home it has. With the easy access of calling someone up for a ride or searching up public transportation near by, allows the environment to be fresher and cleaner, as well as, it allows humans to interact with one another without having to drive to that person's house.

Movements take place to improve what seems to be a problem. It is obvious that the over usage of cars is a problematic case. Around the world, people are going around side by side, without depending on cars like they use to back a couple years ago. Improvements shown in places like Paris, shows how the limiting of automobile usage can greatly impact the envrionment to create a clean atmosphere. Not only would it help clear smog, but it would allow a stress free city from being populated by traffic jams and yelling individuals, who are experiencing road rage thanks to the taffic. A happier environment would be created when people are out rding bikes to places and walking with friends. In cocnclusion, the benifits of limiting car usage are as clear as water, it would reduce smog, promote other forms of transprtation, and would help our culture by creating a happier, cleaner atmosphere to live in.    