The author supports his claims by giving the reader information on how Venus is a challege to explore, with it's thick atmoshphere, and hot surface. "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrisive sulfuric acid in Venu's atmosphere." The author also claims that Venus is very hot like flaming hot, over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and that is one of the main reason why it's so challenging to land on Venus. "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 time greater than what we experience on our own planet."

The reasons on why scientists are still discussing about Venus today is because Venus is the only planet that use to look like earth with its rocky terrain and with that Astronmers are fascinated. "If our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its sureface? Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." However it is dangerous and that's the only thing that's stopping NASA from sending a human to Venus because of the harsh conditions, and also Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. "These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth; such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals." The author supports his claims by providing pros and cons on "The Challenge of Exploring Venus."

The author explains on how NASA is studying Venus and how they can get images by sending a little ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet so it can provide limtied images on the ground surface. "However, peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard froms of photographyand videography ineffective." Many researchers are working on machines that would allow the machines to stay on Venu's surface longer. "Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. Or maybe we should think of them as challenges. Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to out knowledge of Venus."

Venus is a challenge to get to with its hot surface, with its thick atmosphere, and atmospheric pressure. But scientists and astronomers are facinated by Venus, because they believe it had oceans and could have supported various forms of life.       