Dear senator of Florida, I personally feel that the electoral college is just plain unfair. I don't think it's necessary to even have it at all because what's the point if the votes aren't equal for all states? it's a very irrational process. It isn't right if a president wins the popular votes but doesn't win by electoral votes and it results in him/her not becoming president. If someone votes for a slate of electors and they end up not even voting for who they're "supposed" to be voting for then what's the purpose of electing them anyway? There is no purpose unless you want the other party to win which i highly doubt that. The electoral college affects the voting of states because if the majority of their state is republicans and they're democratic, there vote isn't really going to matter because majority wins. This process makes no sense to me.

The amount of electoral votes that your state gets depends on your states population and not the size of it. I somewhat understand why they do this but at the same time it doesn't seem very fair. Yeah, i know life isn't fair but for something like this that has a possible way of being fair doesn't make sense not to be. Alaska with only 3 electoral votes should be able to have the same amount as california with 55 electoral votes. Since it isn't actually equal like that i feel that they should just choose who wins and becomes president by popular votes. This way would be a lot more fair because it wouldn't actually matter how many people lived in your state, it would just matter how many people voted for which canidate.

Another reason electoral votes aren't right to me is because if a president wins the popular votes but not the electoral votes then it almost seems likes one of the types of votes is useful. It seems like this because then he/she may not win and become president even though they won the popular votes. The canidates shouldn't have to rely on 2 different types of votes because obviously one isn't fair. I feel that in a situation like this having popular votes is just a watse of time because it seems that the electoral votes are what matter the most. Not having an equal amount of electoral votes for each state really defeats the purpose.

The voting is done by the party's nominee that then elects a slate of electors to vote for the canidate but the problem is you can't always trust that they will actually vote for the canidate that they're supposed to be voting for. This isn't the only issue, sometimes the voters get confused and accidentally vote for the wrong canidate resulting in more votes for the opposing side. This is a another reason why i feel that the electoral college should be abolished for good.

In conclusion, the electoral college is just really not needed in our goverment. It is equal for all states which affects the vote. Also the canidate doesn't win based on only popular votes, they must win they majority of the electoral votes. Lastly but definetly not least, the voting by the slate of electors isn't certain and isn't always accurate. These are some of the main reasons why i feel that the electoral college should be left in the past as an anachronism.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME           