Driverless cars are another one of the world's technological marvels, that not only take away the prevalent nuisance of driving for long periods of time, but in terms of safety and efficiency, prevail. When flexibility increases, prices decrease, and the safety of consumers is protected, then there is no reason that semi-autonomous cars should not replace the commercial vehicles that we see today.

One of the key issues that consumers have today in terms of purchasing a vehicle is the fuel consumption. Sergey Brin, the cofounder of Google, provides evidence that suggests that these vehichles would use around half of the fuel that the vehicles today consume. Not only that, but Brin continues to state that the flexibility is increased as well, surpassing that of a bus.

Safety is also increased as a result of these vehicles. The fact that these vehicles are semi-autonomous and not completely autonomous enables a human driver to take control whenever they deem it necessary to do so. For example, Google's semi-autonomous creations are "not truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways and when other complicated traffic issues arise."

Sensors are what enable these vehicles to perform the tasks that astonish many to this day. Due to the fact that sensors have been used since the 1980s, vast improvements and tests have been conducted over the years to ensure that the safety of the consumer and those around he/she are preserved. The article even states that "Within 10 years, those sensors [from the 1980s] had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers." These vehicles allow for the potential decrease in drunk driving, which further emphasizes that safety is not only preserved with semi-autonomous cars, but is heavily increased.

There is a common misconception that by implementing the production of these vehicles, drivers will "get bored of waiting for their turn to drive." Although this is an issue that many psychologists are considering, some manufacturers are working to eliminate this issue. For example, the article suggests that there are a few car manufacturers that are hoping to rid of this anxiety by bringing in-car diplays and information systems that use heads-up displays. Not only is it a source of entertainment, but also an additional safety feature, which is also a major concern that is alleviated with semi-autonomous cars.

The fact that so many automobile companies, such as Tesla, BMW, Nissan, Mercedes-Benz, and Audi, are striving to integrate the idea of semi-autonomous vehicles into their production vehicles, provides even further assurance that the benefits undoubtedly outweigh the harms. Furthermore, this article explicitly states that, as a nation based on progression and safety, semi-autonomous vehicles are the means of achieving the road to a truly autonomous car, and a road to a dramatic increase in safety.            