The Electoral College has been here for many years. Over the past years many people think it is unfair to the voters. There are many conflicts that have risen about it. Without a doubt , the Electoral College is unfair and irrational to voters because they voters are basically voting for no reason. The president they want to vote for doesnt count and instead the votes of the Electoral College do , the electors shouldnt be the only people to vote just because they are qualified doesnt mean only their opinion and choice should be heard. Also , a direct election would be much better and everyones votes count and its equal.

To begin with , when the first Electoral College was made no one really argued about it. But over the many years conflicts have come. People have realized that was is being done istn fair or right. '' At the most basic level , the Electoral College is unfair to voters. Because the winner-take-all system in each state , candidates dont spend time in states they know the have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the ''swing'' state''.( source 2, p. 13). Everyone has the right to vote but if their votes dont count whats the point?. People should have the right to voice their own opinion and be part of the voting. The electors that are chosen have only a little amount of opinions. If the voters would be included there would be a variety of choices of who should win. Every american should be comfortable and certain about who they voted for and if the Electoral College votes contradicts that there can be problems.

Furthermore , In a direct election everyone is treated equally. Unlike , the voting we have now ,  ''If you lived in Texas , for instance , and wanted to vote for [John] Kerry , you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry''. (source 2, p. 10). Voters cant always control whom their electors vote for but voters sometimes can get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate. Why have so much going on when you can peacefully just count the votes of the voters and electors together?. Yes , they may be the electors and might have more knowledge of whats going on but they are just people too and everyone is created equally so definitely their votes shouldnt be the only ones actually counted.

Moreover , Bigger states may have a bigger effect on the votes because of their large amount of people voting. By , not making their vote count some people can feel that their voices are not being heard which can lead to in some cases riots and rebellions etc. Voting happens for a reason if gives the world a chance to pick whom they want to see lead them and who they feel like is the right person but in the end if there votes cant count and actually go to the electors limits their power and freedom to speak. '' Voters in presidential elections ae people who want to express a political prefeence rather than people ho think that a single vote may decide an election''.(source 3 , p.23). The Electoral College may have worked in the past but now its not working as well.

To conclude , The Electoral College process should be stopped for numerous number of reasons. It limits peoples opinions and people are voting for no reason if they cant pick who they want. Whoever is running for president and everyone who votes for one person shouldnt just be heard from a certai  group of people. Everyones opinion should matter.    