When it comes to seeking advice, it is always good to look for different sources. It is very valuable to have opinions from other people that a person can lean on. It is common for people to ask others for things from simple, to complicated scenarios. I believe looking for multiple opinions from different people when a person asks for advice to make a better decision is important because it could lead the person's mind up to more options, it could lead the person to very opinionated or buyist thoughts, and it could help take stress of the person when needing advice.

The first reason I believe asking for advice from different people can help decision making, is because of the different options. Having different options when making a decision is very important because there are open choices that are good and bad. Every day people ask for advice whether it comes from finding what clothes to wear, to asking for advice if you should get married or not. That benefits a whole lot because sometimes all a person needs is a barrier to select between. Imagine if a person was at the store trying to buy something for their mom on her birthday. The person had to choose between a hand bag or some expensive sunglasses they had found; although, they didn't know what to get her. However they brought one of their siblings to help choose. I think having people to help you make a right decision every once in a while is necessity in life, even though you don't want to get overly used to it.

The second reason I believe seeking advice from different people can help benefit decision making is because of the buyist thoughts from others. It can help if you have a friend or family member you can trust that has a strong opinion, because sometimes you need it. There is always going to be a couple or strong people in your life that's going to help you make right decisions either if you are going down the wrong road, or if you are doing the right thing in life and you just need motivation. If a person was struggling in high school and they really needed to step up their life and grown up more, they would really need to good influences or somebody to tell them where they are going wrong. People that can step up with their own voice on the situation that has known the person, and that could really help them get their life together. Personally, the type of people everyone needs is somebody that has strong beliefs and values and that would care for their loved ones. That could especially help in benefiting someone's life going toward the future

The last reason I believe looking for advice from different people can help with decision making is because of the lower amount of stress you get. It is hard at times when you are trying to do your best but you need help in doing the right thing. If a person didn't have someone role models or people to help with choosing the right things to do either growing up or in life, then they wouldn't know how to do anything but using their own way of thinking. A lot of stress people get in there lives is from being without anyone to help them and that could really mess with a person's mind. Most of the times when people do have other people in their lives, they make the right choices. If they do good in school, they will most likely go to college, then they could work and level up to be a manager or have their own business. There are so many benefits or having supporters to influence you to doing the right things. A lot of the time it isn't that hard to find a right clique.

These were my reasons on how having advice and opinions from different people can definitely help a person out. All anyone needs in life is just a group of close people to be right by your side to help in life. I wish you enjoyed reading this and really could really understand how these reasons could help influence a person to make the right decisions just from a little advice. All in all this concludes my essay and I hope my reasons have inspired anyone that all you need is a little help.  