Online or video conferencing is seen by schools as an option for students to attend classes from home. I Think students would not benefit from attending class at home than they would attending classes at schools. Students would lose the opportunity to communicate with the teachers and other students about the topics they are learning about. Online classes don't keep up with what the student has learned and what the student needs help with. Online Classes are not a good option for students because they would not be able to communicate and ask questions, Students wouldn't take it as serious and cheat, and students would lose the option of extracurricular activities and to socialize with other students.

Online classes are not a good option for students because they cannot communicate and ask questions that could benefit their learning. For example if the classes were not prerecorded or all written down and you had to listen to a teacher talk online, if you miss any information you wouldn't be able to communicate directly to the teacher for some time and wouldn't be able to ask questions until after the lesson. If the class was thought through notes online then students would't be able to communicate with the teacher directly and would have to email them which would take time for them to respond. Students need to think about the information they are learning and not asking questions and making connections, could hurt students when they are taking a test.

Students would not take online school as serious as being in a classroom and learning and would probably end up cheating because they are in their own home. Online classes wouldn't be able to supervise or restrict students from cheating on an assignment or a test depending on what website or program the students are using to take the class. Students can access any program when they use their own computers unless they are provided b'y the online school. Students could become lazy and skip the lessons because students would feel they have the option because they are in their own home.

Online distance learning also takes away the option for students to socialize with other students and to attend or take extracurricular activities after school that they would normally take if they were at school. Students would not be able to work on any assignments or share any information with other students and would have to work alone. Students would not be able to join school sports, to be part of a team or to just be a little active instead of staying in your house all day, or attend other after school activities that would allow students to socialize and learn about more information that other schools provide after school. Students would lose the opportunity to stay after school with the teacher and ask questions and ask for help.

Online distance learning would not benefit students because it takes away the option of direct communication which is key when it comes to learning new curricular. The chance of cheating and laziness increase with taking online classes because its based on your schedule and you learn from your own computer. Also it takes away from socializing with other students and making new friends to spend time with and also losing the option to try after school activities. Also students could have many issues accessing the lessons which would ultimately disrupt their learning. Some schools may offer the option to attend classes while at home but students wouldn't benefit as much as attending classes at school.        