The electoral college has been a part of the united states for many years. The founding fathers were the ones who established it in the constituion. The electoral college seems to have worked for all these years , but my opinion on this is that we should change it to electing a president with popular vote. There are many pros and cons to both the electoral college and the popular vote but the positives of the popular vote outweigh the negatives more then the electoral does. If you are reading this senator of state I hope this letter will support your opinion on this or make you consider popular vote.

The united states is a democracy so the citizens living here should have the right to vote for the president of the united states. With the electoral college the citizens are'nt the ones voting for the president the electors are. In the electoral college the voters are voting for a slate of electors, who then vote for the president. In most cases the elector votes for the candidate that their party wants, in some cases the elector has chosen the oppossing candidate to what his party wants according to the second source. Since the elector is allowed to do this that is one reason why the electoral college is unfair. Popular vote is when the people vote for the candidate they want this is truly what a democracy is when the people choose their representatives.

The electoral college is unfair to voters because of the winner-take-all system in all the states, because candidates don't spent time in the states they know they will lose in. They only foucus on the states that they know they will win in or of a close chance to the other candidate, because of this there has been times when people would not see the candidates at all or they did'nt get to see a single campaign ad. If there was popular vote then this would not be the case and it would be eliminated, because candidates would have no choice but to put up advertisments all over the country.

Even though the popular vote is a good way to go I think that this system of electing president is still not perfect or will never be perfect. The electoral college allowed some of are greatest presidents to win beacuse if they got more electoral votes then popular vote it would'nt matter they will still win. The electoral college also avoids the problem of one candidate not recieving the majority of the votes cast. The electoral college has been in are country for so long and has worked for us well but I still believe that the popular vote can be and  should be used in future elections. If you have read this senator I hope this might have changed or supported your opinion on this topic.    