The problem with the electoral college is that the people really arent controlling who they vote for. Personally i am in favor of changin the electoral college to popular vote. The representatives of the electoral college can basically vote for who ever they want to vote for. The people only influence the electoral college. The people should have the right to vote for the candidate that they want not the one that some representative in the electoral college chooses. These are just some reasons why i think the presidential should be replaced by popular vote.

To begin with, the representatives of the electoral college can basically vote for who ever they want to vote for. When a voter places there vote they arent voting for the actual president they are simply voting for the reps of the electoral college. "The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast." What this means is that basically the election is based on what they decide not on what the people say.

Furthermore, the only thing the people do by voting is that they influence the electoral college's decision. The people dont really get to choose who they believe should be in office. All the electoral college does is get in the way of whom the people choose to be president. The electoral college should be removed and replaced with popular vote. This should take place as soon as possible.

Lastly, the people should have the right to vote for whom they believe should take office; not for some representative that is gonna choose who ever they want. For example, lets say that one votes for obama, they arent really voting for obama they are voting for someone who could pick obama, But the person that they vote for to pick obama could change there mind and vote for the other candidate. So really the peoples vote doesnt even matter. All it does is influence the vote of some representative from the electoral college. I believe that this should be changed to popular vote. In which the people vote for the candidate they want to be president and then all the votes are counted up and compared. Thats the way the presidential should be done. This is the best way for the peoples voice to be recognized and it will make a difference.    