In this article it asks if you can imagine a world where cars are not needed, I am proud to say I can. In American now more than ever transportation is needed mainly for people to get to work and buy food or other appliances. The people in the word are in need of public transportation more than ever. This is why I believe we need to invest in building public infrastructure, public cars, and other forms of transportation.

I would say the best way to create such a project is to create road systems controlled by magnates and gps computers and creating cars that will run on similar to a train track. This is similar to the bullet trains seen throughout Japan that run on magnates. It would also need to be run by some form of renewable energy sources so the best option is electricity and solar power. It would need a computer capable of driving a car in all conditions and that can travel at high speeds.

Would also need a safety feature that allows the driver to take control of the vehicle. these systems are put in place people will be able to travel long distances in a short period of time with little to no cost.

Now some will ask "how will you pay for such a large project?" And I will respond with "It's complicated...". I believe the government should be involved in building this form of public transportation. The way I invision us paying for this is and expansion on estate tax. the estate tax is a tax on a persons inheritance over 10 million dollars and in America this is set at around 40%. This means someone who inherited 10 million and one dollars would pay a tax of 40¢. If we expand on this tax and other taxes similar to this we could no only fund our expansion on public infrastructure but also pay for other extraordinary things such as tuition free college education. I would also say that companies that want to advance this milestones in engineering can help in the innovation process. I believe that these companies are import in the completion aspect and are needed to enhance the innovation. I'm not saying the government should souly control the means of production of thes automated vehicles it is just practical that it be envolved in the production.

To recap my belief is that America needs to evolve. The people are in need of better public transportation and infrastructure. If we can create vehicles that can transport people at high speed and wove our transportation issues in America. We can pay for it and create with the help of tax payer dollars and companies willing to work with the government. If we follow the basic outline put forward and expand upon it we can achieve many things and creat many things the people of America and the world need. 