When assigned a project during summer break, don't you wish you could have control? Students should be able to design their own projects because it's their summer, improve learning, and students can be creative with it. When making a project these things are what you look forward too. Students need their minds to go wild and enjoy the project especially if it's over the summer. Their summer to be specific because no student would want to stay at home stuck doing a project if it's not fun for them. Especially if their friends are out having fun.

The first one is obvious, it's their summer. No student, in any grade, would want to be stuck with a project to do over their summer break or any break. Students dont even want homework over any type of brake. Therefor they should be able to design their projects. This should give them a little more freedom over break instead of being bored overall. It could help students have fun while doing their project as well as getting a good grade.

Second, is when doing a project it could help with bonding. This could work in one of two ways: The first being a family project and students get to do a family tree. And second being a group project and friends stay over each others houses and get to know each other more. In benefit of all this is making a new friend or friends. And a bonus is getting a good grade. Summer's are supposed to be spent with family and friends. Enabling students to design their own projects can open up so many new worlds.

Lastly, allowing students to design their projects will improve creativity. What students look forward to in a project is how fun it could be or how much fun could they could get out of it. So allowing students to design their projects can help improve not only creativity but learning. Students want to go all out and when they get to see that opportunity it's amazing what students can do. It's overall amazing what is in a students mind, they just need to let it all out. This also helps them as they arent pressured to stay in the standards of the project.

The only bad side anyone can possibly see in this is the topic. Students, when let lose, can tend to get off topic and not realize it. They get to caught up in their mind that they lose what the requirements are. This isn't a bad thing but it tends to happen. Overall students want to have fun with learning. It's already boring enough to do homework so cut the students some slack.

In conclusion, students should be able to design their own projects. Its not only their summer but their time with family. It could help bonding with not only family but with some new friends, and it could make summer a lot more fun. And also improve creativity as all students want to let their minds free when making a project. They want to see how much they could get out of something so making students design their projects is the best way to go. Let their mind flow and enjoy not only their project but summer as well. 