ELECTORAL COLLEGE

I strongly believe that the electoral college is the right way to go. The reason I feel this way is because of the electors, our founding fathers and, political parties.

I like that three electors is representing a state. I believe that the electors know more about the government than regular people. I want someone that knows what they are doing when they go to represent our state! There are 538 electors that vote for president and vice president but there only has to be 270 votes required to elect the president or vice president. Congress has to count the votes in the same place that the electors voted in. Sometimes I don't agree with the president that they picked but I'm glad that honest people count the votes. When the votes are finished and the winner's name is called out the losers revive a certificate of ascertainment.

Also a big part of me wants to keep the electoral college is because of our founding fathers. They put in so much work to help us. I would hate for all there hard work to go to waste. Also they had to put their lives on the line to help crate it. They broke so many laws  for us! Also think about not only did they put their lives in danger but their families life at risk! To me that took a strong amount of courage! I'm honored to talk about our founding farther any time! In the 23 amendment our founding fathers wrote the district of Columbia is allowed three electors and for them to be treated like a state! Also our founding fathers wrote that only citizens that are qualified to vote! Key word here people ''Qualified!'' As long as everyone remembers that key word then, we all should be fine!

I know! I know! A lot of people hate political parties but, I like them. Just think about when you were in school and you wanted to be class president so bad. The people who voted for you is like your political party. I know I loved my political party because they helped me win! Your political party helps come up with all kinds of cool ideas to get people to vote for you. Like when I was running for class president my political party baked cookies, passed out fliers and, help me wright my speech! That's just like when you run for president and vice president. Except I don't think they really pass out cookies when you run to be the real deal president! I know I would vote for the president if he or she gave me a cookie! Ha ha ha ha I crack myself up but it's the truth! Hint Hint for the next election I better be at the top of the list if someone decides to give out cookies!

I agree with the Electoral College because I want what's best for my state, family and, friends!    