Making Mona Lisa smile people are feeling even when they are trying to hide their emotions. The new software has developed that improves accury in the perceiving the emotins of others. This means that people are hiding their emotion so that people can't tell how they are feeling inside their hearts. Accoriding to some new computer software that can help to recognize emotion inside aperson. This can help people to know what they are going throw in there emotions.

I agree with what they are making for new software that recognize emotions. We can actully calcute emotions like math. To recognize the subtle fical movement because we humans use to express how we feel. The mojor for the process is to know how you can track these facial movement. This can help you to understand that emotion is rate of how your feeling are. This mean That you can hide your feeling from your friends but how your phisical can show how by the look on your face that you are happy ,sad or worried of something.

Dr. Huang observes that artists such as da Vinci studied human anatony to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. Thia means that da Vinci helped people to paint different look of emotion and feeling on the paint that they had made. The new software store simlar to rate the informations. To bring smile to your fae, while it's show just how much this computer can do. This mean the image on computer can make you happy,sad,smile and anger. It appers on your screen a similar ad might follow.

Using new techonology it can help student in calss to undersstand how world is bringing new things that can help millinons of people to recognize their emotions. It can make huge change for people who had problems of knowing their feelong or emotions. BY the way making a happy face in expriment also make you feel slightly happy. It may happen because we unconsiously imitate another person's ficial expressions. Making happy face caould reveal so much about the since of emotions.

This explain how people can know how new software works. The software rate your feeling which can bring change in the real life from children and alduts. In fact these instructions for face that looks happy. It's all bout those muscular action. That can indicate the different between a genuine smile and force one.