People are saying there's a face on mars. This is true, people are also questioning if aliens had put it there, it may just be a historical formation on the earth, reasearches believe it may just be a formation and not created by aliens. People have named this formation the "Face on Mars" it has become to be a very popular sight that people are wanting to see more and more of it. This is so popular that it has been in "Hollywood films, appearded in books, magizines, and even talk shows."

Researchers found this figure on the planet mars, they found this not only weird but very interseting. They thought lets do more research to find out what actually caused this formation on mars. Reasearchers thought at first that aliens had put this figure on the planet because it is a figure of a human face. They took big cameras up into mars and sized the figure so large so they could get closer pictures of the image.

The more research the reasearchers did the more facts they found. They had many sightings like this before and they figured maybe a alien did not put that figure on mars. Reasearchers may have thought this because there had been many different formations on earths surface, it was most likely caused by earths erosion or natural features. They compare some ideas to it just like the "Middle Butte in the snake river of Idaho." There had never been sightings of aliens before why would there be now.

The people that work for NASA believe that it most likely ended up being a formation in mars because of the research everyone has done they have come to find that there are most likely no aliens up on mars. They say this because they went back up and looked some more around the area where the face was found to see if there was a "alien monument." Come to find out there was no alien monument around or even located on mars so aliens did not cause this. Researchers believe that this was just a normal formation from the planet mars that just occured, but did people?

When this all came to take place the first day they let the news out it went viral. People were wanting to know what caused this and how was this caused. When they realesed the news from the NASA they thought the same thing well it had to be aliens. After all this was no formation by aliens it was simply a formation from the planet itself. After all of this was figured out what really caused it, it went more viral than it was before. It was more popular because everyone was talking about it and it occured in Hollywood movies,Books and even talk shows.

People were wanting to still believe that no landform can just make something like this. They thought how could this be. The planets have their wonders and wow's you just have to let the formations take place and see what amazing things can be done. Also have patience to see what really happened to the item that was found. You might just be amazed for once. Most don't think there could be such amazing feautures on the planets.