So we come here to discuss a topic. A very intresting one if you say. This topic has history to it and some people don't like this topic. Some people don't like this topic because of the way it works. This thing i'm talking about is the Electoral College. And I personally don't like this thing. that is because it is so outdated and unfair. Look at the 2000 election. Al Gore, an amazing guy, "had more individual votes then George w. Bush." This guy would of been a great president but  "Bush won the election, receiving 271 electoral votes to Gore's 266." I believed this was unfair because one person could of one but another man had got more "popularity" votes and won. Now tell me why that is fair?

To start this fire burning inside me, the Electoral College is so outdated and unfair. "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualifed citizens." This means that the people of the state can vote buts it really not going to count. These people want a good president and it happened in 2012. Alot of Southern states like Mitt Romney and they voted for him. He got alot of votes and was beating Obama. But Obama got"61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percentpf the votes for Romney." Romney had change in his eyes and the Electoral College didnt care and took that away from him.

To conclude this, the Electoral College is unfair. They take people's chances to change this country and do new things for us. If we had Mitt Romney, America might of had better imployment and a better system. We would of probulay had more money and had a better chance of going to college. But the Electoral College is unfair and had to take that away from Mitt and gave it to Obama. It's so outdated and unfair. For God's sake, its from 1700's! We need to get a better system of voting next time or people or just stop going to vote because they will know thay their votes mean nothing to the college and they will stop. If these people stop voting.... then we better have a backup plan to restore the country.                    