In the current era, you never have to step foot in a public school ever again. Yes, you are still lawfully required to complete the majority of your secondary education, but the ever growing access to laptops and other electronic devices has introduced a new method for students to earn their highschool diplomas. Some school districts now permit their students to learn and participate in class via internet or video conference. While this innovation may seem like a peek into the future of American schools, it is not without its share of faults. Allowing students to take courses online takes away from school's greater lessons and limits the social interaction that teens crave, despite the argument that it will help students keep on top of their studies in typically absent-causing.

After every school year, students are expected to show mastery of the cirriculums in each of their core classes. What the final exams fail to measure, however, are the other critical life skills that students obtain in the classroom. For example, group projects do more for the individual than teach them a bunch of facts and figures. They also simulate the level of collaboration students will use regularly as future members of the workforce. Similarly, assigning nightly homework goes deeper than the teacher's desire to keep their pupils busy, as learning to balance piles of graded assignments is an effective way to teach lessons about time management. Taking online classes will enact these same skills to an extent, though the lack of classmates combined with a more flexible schedule puts students in a bit of a bubble. In other words, school becomes less about practical application and focuses significantly more on pure academic knowledge. While online classes accomplish the same goal in their cirriculums, they fall terribly short in teaching students other important life skills.

social skills, much like life skills, have their place in students' daily lives as well. It might not feel like it when teachers are constantly telling their classes to "quiet down" and "focus on their assignments", but the adults within the school building are just as aware of the psychological and emotional benefits of social interaction as teens. Therefore, students attending traditional public schools are alotted time, such as lunch or study hall, to hang out with friends and strengthen their interpersonal relationships. It is for these same reasons that most schools host memorable events outside of their eight-hour days for students to enjoy. Proms, talent shows, sporting events, and other staples of American high school serve no other purpose than providing social entertainment and positive experiences. On the other hand, online classes force students to spend countless hours sitting behind a computer screen, completely separated from their peers. Online classes, with their isolated environment, cause students to lack the same interaction and attention they recieve at school everyday.

Of course, schools would not offer their students online classes if it came with zero benefits. There is a strong arguement to be made in favor of virtual schooling when students are abesent for an extended period of time. When faced with extreme situations, like severe illness or family emergencies, students must also stress over catching up on their work upon returning to school. Online classes would allow these students to complete assignments and learn course material outside of the classroom. Nonetheless, this peace of mind is only applicable if the student is mentally and/or physically capable to do schoolwork while enduring such a taxing hardship. Online classes may come in handy when students would usually miss school, even the pros are of this school system are laced with cons.

The debate of online classes in place of traditional schooling is a complicated one. Allowing students to complete their academic career without actually attending school may help keep them on track, as they could continue to learn in situations that would otherwise require an absence, but at what price? Online classes cause students to miss out on important life lessons and practical skills, such as collaboration and time management, due the the structure of the assignments. Additionally, students will have less opportunites to interact with their peers and create long-lasting memories at school-sponsered events. For now, it is in the best interest of the children and the future society to keep students in the classroom. Allowing students to take courses online takes away from school's greater lessons and limits the social interaction that teens crave, despite the argument that it will help students keep on top of their studies in absent-causing situations. 