Facial Action Coding System I think is a good idea because if someone is trying to figure out how you are feeling and you don't tell them they can look on the computer and tell what your emotions are. In the passage it tells that the computer is 3-D and has 44 major muscle. This tell us that if a friend is feeling a way you can tell and you would actually know itts true and not false. In paragraph one it explains to me that there are six basic emotions and they are happiness, surprise , anger ,and ect. For example your frontalis muscle above your eye raises your eyebrows when you are surprise. Some people wouldnt think that this is possible but I think its something good.

When a student is looking at the computer they can pick up all emotions like if you have mixed emotions or just one. Someimes teachers want to know how they students are feeling but just don't want to walk up to the and just ask. This computer I think was a wonderful thing that someone can make. If I ever had this computer it would be very useful to me because want to know how others feel.

Some people who try to just look at someone and tell how they are feelings is not always helpful they might think its one thing but its another. Most people are not just good by going off someone's look but this computer can help out alot you don't need to try and guess what that person is feeling. Evan when some artist are trying to draw a ppersons emotion they don't always know either they would also need the computer . Dr. Huang says in te story that Da Vinci has and comuter when he draw so that he could get the specific factial expression.

If I was to get one of these computes i would like to use it on everyone around me because I love to see people happy and if they are not I would like to make there day. If I am taking a test and I get confused I know that the computers see that and the teacher would know and try to help me out a little. Using these can help everyone out in so many differen ways.

Eveyone should have one of these or get an computer lie this one. If you really need to know about smeone you just would look on it to see what it is. This would be good when a school have a play and the people that are watching them need or want to figure out how the characters feel.   