The Electoral College is a really good process that I think they should keep. This Electoral college was found by the founding fathers and it is used so that the citizens could vote and the congress. The citizens get to have the right to vote on who they want to be presidant. After everyone voted the votes are counted up in each state and it shows which states voted for different people. The congress have a meeting of the electors and get to all vote. All votes for the congress are counted out seperatly then citizens. This is a the start of why I think Electoral College is fair and equal all around.

In order for the Electoral College to elect a presidant they need 270 votes out of 538 Electors. Each state or country has electors in them. The candidates running for presidant have their own electors. Every 4 years a presidential election is held at the same time on tuesday after the first monday of novemeber. When voting for the candidates you are basically voting for the candidates electors. After voting in the election the governor makes a "Certificate of Ascertainment," which is the list of the candidates who ran for presidant. Also, it shows who the winning candidate is in each state. Lastly the certificate is sent to the states congress to keep for records.

There are mainly 5 reasons in why the Electoral College should stay. First is the Certainty of Outcome which shows that there cant be a dispute because it is based on popular vote. The next reason is Everyone is Presidant, this means that the presidential candidate has trans-regional appeal. Another reason is Swing Sates which is the winner take all method. They are usually whatching campaigns and really listen to the other candidates, thoses poeple are usually thoughtfull voters. The next great reason is Big States, this shows if you win a big state then you win more electoral votes and each big state has more electoral votes. The last reason is Avoid Run Off Elections, this avoids the problem of no candidates recieves a majority of the votes in the east.

Their are alot of great reasonings about electoral college but there are some bad reasonings to. Voters dont vote for the presidant when they vote, they vote for the elcectors and the electors vote for the presidant. This can mean that even if you voted for the specific presidant your vote shows you voted for the 30 or so congress people voting for presidant. What if there was a tie in the electoral vote then the election would be for the House of Representitves where they vote for presidant. The 55 representitive votes are equal to 35 million voters. This shows that the electoral college can be bad for the voters.

After reading the article and going over it I believe that the Electoral College is a great idea. There are many great things about but then there are things that you dislike about it. Not everything can be perfect but the Electoral College is trying to get that way. The presidant is still getting voted every 4 years and hopefully it stays like that for a very long time. Those were all my reasons on why I thought the Electoral College is the right way to go.            