German Suburb, Life

Goes On Without Cars

Now a days in VAUBAN, Germany people living in these lovely suburbs are living without automobiles. This area specifically is now known as a car free zone, all except for a main tram that runs from Vauban to downtown Freiburg. Although there arent any cars running on the streets doesnt mean ownership isnt allowed, you are allowed to own a vehicle, granted you park it in 1 of 2 spots. Either a 40,000 dollar registered parking garage, or at home in your garage. Vauban is known to have 70 percent of people without cars and 57 percent sold their cars to live in Vauban. Someone by the name of Heidrun Walter, a media trainor stated "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."

Now a days people roaming the streets are moving around Vauban in three different ways, Walking, biking or the city tram. Though these arent as fast and convienient as cars they still are transportation. Life for many people in Vauban is great because its the relief of no polution, the crashes and killings of pedestrians decreased greatly and just all in all less money wasted on gas.

Suburbs are used to great numbers of vehicles, just look at Chicago or Shanghai. A suburb is a place where many middle class families settle down and buy homes to live in. This being said cars help greatly reduce the gas fumes in greenhouses when they are banned and not being used. Just a slight percentage of 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe alone and greatly increased to 50 percent in the United States.

Vauban, home to 5,500 residents is very small due to the no car zone, what people dont know is within this city is closely compacted stores (walking distance for short travel) and other buildings. Most of the development since World War II is the basic structure of a car, focusing on a car was the biggest development of history, but a man named David Goldberg said "That will have to change."

Paris bans driving due to smog

Many days of pollution caused Paris to form a partial driving ban to help maintain air pollution. Not only that Paris ordered many motorists to leave there cars or be forced to pay a large fine of 22- euros or $31. Many did what was said and many did not, if they werent cooperating they would pay the fine and have the vehicle impounded.

Most of frances pollution came from the favored diesel, they had a tax policy that supported diesel instead of gasoline. Due to the favoring of Diesel making up 67 percent of the vehicle gas consumption.

France earned many complaints from companies world wide, delivery companies especially. They complained over lost revenue. Thats not all, because of this complaint France had to make a couple exceptions like Electric, hybrid vehicles and a Fee as free as a bird for the transit (Friday through Monday).

Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota

Bogota, Columbia - On a day like no other the people of Columbia set aside there Colorful vehicles to do a more enviromental favor. They rode Bicycles, hiked, skated or even took a bus to work to free Columbia of traffic jams and pollution.

This has began to influence other countries into believing you dont need a vehicle to get around, it helped them realize a different meaning in transportation. This banned vehicles and helped reduce smog.

Though the rain comes down constantly on Bogota it hasnt stopped them from participating in this event, the people of Bogota state "it helps relieve stress and lower air polution I like it."

Cali and Valledupar, two other columbian countries also decreased vehicle use. Many authorities from seperate countries took a boat or plane to visit Bogota to see the event and were quite enthusiastic.

The End of Car Culture

Studies in America state due to Obama's goal to lower greenhouse gas emissions is so fortuitous people of america are purchasing less vehicles, driving less and getting fewer licenses.

The United States being the worlds largest population of driving is coming to an end. The United States is so large in the driving industry because of The making of the Model T, and the immortalization of "Mustang Sally."

Getting rid of the transportation which sociologists think will happen isnt going to get rid of all the gas emission due to power plants.

New Yorks bike sharing policy and a Toll on bridges has greatly decreased driving in it.

This all shows exact evidence of how the earth is trying to better themselves to get rid of pollution. Not because they are getting rid of cars, but because they are getting rid of cars and keeping people happy. Just remember, just because your forced to stop using a car doesnt mean you should give up and quit, just see it as a change in your life and a relief you are helping to make on earth.    