When my dad was being educated in the 80s and early 90s, he had only 1 practical option: attend school. Missing school, intentionally or not, meant quickly catching up on late work and, at the same time, keeping up with upcoming work as well; not ideal in the slightest. But with almost 30 years of technology being developed since he was last in a classroom, you can theoretically instead do it online and cut out physical school entirely from your educational life. This development has potential to change education for the better of pretty much all of us. Here's why:

Recently, a virus known as Covid-19 has been threatening to have schools closed at the first sign of infection, but this is little to no problem with digital education. Teachers simply just post their assignments onto Google classroom and the students can be trusted to go through with said classwork as if they were present in school.

This could be an important step forward into fully online schooling. education of the past has gone through various phases as technology and civilization as a whole becomes more advanced; going from purely parental, to small single room schooling, to where it is now: large scale public schools. The problem now is that we're struggling to move onto the next system as it's such a leap from what most of us are familiar with. The advent of long distance schooling could very well be the middle man to bridge the gap, as it's essentially the current system, but augmented with the digital age.

There is an argument that, in some cases, this could be negating some of the things that public school taught students, being present as much as possible along with just simply not being what some students are able to handle. But this can easily be disputed, as various jobs are also shifting towards being heavily online. Being physically present is being phased out in almost every profession that doesn't need it in 2020. As for comprehension, digital technology is extremely versatile; it can be bent and modified to any extent that a person needs in order to be successful. Now this isn't something as easily done in this in-between version we're talking about, but the virtual classroom of the possible future is more than up to the task; which is why it would also be important to have the evolution be steady but swift. Education really should only stick in the shifting phase for as long as it needs to, so that we can learn about the best course and make sure that the people caught in it aren't tossed around into confusion.

Essentially, education is about to become exceedingly easier and more efficient than ever before (that's a lot of Es but hang in there). As long as it is made sure that the right steps are taken, schooling will no longer be bound by a location or time and arguably be the way that a new large-scale revolution can take place, not bottle necked by the limitations of a system that, while did what it needed to do, was intended for a long gone era. But then again, as said long ago, constraints conjure creativity, and maybe there's a radically different thing set for the future of learning; we just don't know it yet.