Some people might be scared to ask for advice. They may feel ashamed of doing so. Despite this, I strongly believe that asking for advice will help to result in a better decision. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by giving different points of view, allowing one to think about their decision, and showing others you care .

First, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better decision by giving different points of view. This results in being able to see how others actually feel. Someone else might see something in a totally different way then you see it. They might show something that is completely obvious that you never saw. Better ideology and reasons might be received as well. Doing so opens up new possibilities for different ideas. Asking others for their opinion certainly gives multiple points of view.

Next, seeking advice can help make a better decision by allowing one to think about their decision thoroughly. This gives the person seeking advice more time to decide how they feel. Time is needed to make a good decision so taking your time is strongly advised. It can also result in more in depth thoughts. The end result will conclude in a better final decision with a better reason behind it.

Last, asking for advice will show someone that you care. Whether it is the person your asking or asking about, they will appreciate the thought. Not only will they feel appreciative, but they know that you care. They will feel involved with ones life. They also might ask for your advice one day knowing you asked them. Wanting someones opinion will prove to them that you care about them in many ways.

In conclusion, seeking advice is strongly advised. Asking for opinions is a quality many will never receive. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by giving different points of view, allowing one to think about their decision, and by showing others you care. Maybe next time when you need to make a tough decision you'll ask for advice.