I dont think that the electoral college should decide the president of the united states, i think that the overall vote of the americans should determine the president of the unites states. I have certain reasons, and a good explanation of why the popular vote matters way more than the electoral vote first is why would they even have a popular vote if there not gonna go by it? Also the popular vote has mostly everyone in the united states voting on it, the electoral vote has only a couple people, they are way outnumbered. And lastly its not fair at all to the american people.

Firstly, why would you want the whole united states of america to vote on something if what they vote, and what they say isnt being heard. Whats the point of it? in my opinion what the people say how the president should be determined. If they want it any other way why would they not have changed it by now? no one really likes having to take time out of there day to go vote, if there votes arnt even going to be seen, or heard by people? whats the point of making them do that?

Secondly, the united states has billions of people in it, and the electoral college only has a few people in it. You think thats very fair to anybody ??? everyone votes, results are in, you think you have a winner, then all of a sudden theres no winner, you know why? because of the electoral college!!! these extra people make the final decision and thats not right. If thats the case of it to me it seems like they have the answers, and no one can decide but them, so why even have a vote? its really pointless the author states that most states like the idea that the overall vote wins, theres only a couple that dont like this idea. So by rule they should just make it the popular vote wins the election, and thats who tthe president becomes. Why they havnt done it? I have no idea!

And my final reason of why popular votes should just determine who wins is because they go out and vote and they feel like it doesnt matter. Because the electoral college decides then the united states gets really mad when they vote and the popular vote doesnt win! Of course they get mad, who wouldnt? there votes mean nothing at all. And they need to change this electoral college policy, more people want it gone thaen the people that dont. And thats mostly why america is usually never satisfied with the president of the unites states. Because of the fact that the united states didnt put them and the votes first, they put the electoral college ahead and thats not how it needs to be!!! They should make a vote for the united states saying that who wants to keep the electoral college and who doesnt! i bet that they will say that they want it gone. Because its already been voted out before so why will they keep something that no one is satisfied, or pleased with? Hopefully they will see this soon enough!!!

In conclusion, this electoral college stuff just needs to go, and the people need to be happy with there vote that they want, and they should be! they have been living in the state there whole life, if not most of it. And they want to make sure that someone they like, and know and trust will be there leader and wont let them down, and will change the problems that are in america. So go ahead and keep the electoral college even if barely any one likes it. Cause that doesnt make any sesnse!!!! the people need to vote on there counties leader not a few people for each state, and or place. its not right, and no one really likes it. So this should be a change in America!!!!!!!!!!!!!!            