Dear State Senator,

While I normally don't have any complaints, and being the person I am not many things "bug me", but I recently found that I disagree with a certain argument. And while it is near voting times, I believed it's best for me to send you my side on this continuous debate to change your mind on the matter. The electoral college has had its share of arguments and I would like to make my side seen knowing I have quite a bit of logical arguments. Please read with an open mind.

The electoral college is unfair in many ways, this one however can be seen as minor. The electoral college gives an easier way to get  tie, and although a tie hasn't been a main focus, it can prove to be a problem. I read an article stating that if a tie were to happen the election would be thrown to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. This would anger a heap of people for many reasons, one stating it would almost rule out their vote.

Secondly, the electoral college simply takes away from voting in general. An example of this is lets say Obama won popular vote, he should win because thats what America wants right? No, because what if another president won electoral vote? that president would win and take away the point in voting. This is unfair because we the people would like to have a better say in who becomes our president.

In the article I read, it stated "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. unfair, outdated, irrational" I agree completely. How is it irrational? Well simply because it is just an extra step added on. In all reality our country would be fine without it. Popular vote is exactly what we need, and that alone is enough. And while I do believe it's good to go an extra step, it shouldn't go when not needed. This to me is most important because I could argue all day long and in the end this would be my argument.

Thank you for your time and please take this into consideration, I realize that it has its upsides but it is just unfair, outdated, and irrational. And please notice the other downsides aswell, while I did not have the time or room to include them.

Your friend,

PROPER_NAME   