''Hello folks! Please come join the Seagoing Cowboys program! You can tour the world while helping other countries!'' I shouted out to the peasants of the town.

'' What is it like to tour the world and help others?'' one of the peasants questioned.

''It is the most adventrous, exciting job you can possibly get, and the Seagoing Cowboys are looking for volunteers!'' I yelled, straining to get their attention.

I thought to myself for a moment, and started to get attention again. I thought about how I was presenting myself, and what I would want to hear about this program if I were one of these townsfolk. I thought of an idea as I started to yell

'' Would you like to hear some of the adventures I had so you may be interested?'' I asked.

They all cried out,'' Yes please!''

'' I was 18 before arriving in Greece,but I was heading to Greece with 335 horses, and loads of hay and oats to feed the horses with.'' I began to tell the townsfolk, but then I remembered why I was here.

''I wouldn't want to tell you the details though, or else you would miss the opportunity of you experiencing it yourselves.'' I exclaimed to the people of the town.

Everyone started asking if I would tell them what had happened on my journey.

I told them,'' The only way is to find out yourselves is you have to sign up and be at the docks in 3 weeks.'' I finished.

I hoped off the wooden box I was standing on, and I asked,'' Do you still want me to tell you two or three stories, and then you sign up?'' I questioned, again.

They all cried out,'' Yes!''

I told them about giving out horses in Greece, and the time I toured other incredible sites like an excavated caslte in Crete.

After I told two or three stories of my marvoulus trip, every single person listening to me shouted at the same time,'' Where are the sign up sheets?'' or '' Where do I sign up at?''

After being out of breath from persuading them to sign up, I thought that it was worth being out of breath. Now Don Reist and I have twenty extra helpers for our future trips to spots all over the world, and new friends to tell stories with.