I think the principal should require community service. This is because if teaches life lessons and it is good for the community.

To begin with, I think the principal should require community service. This is because it teaches life lessons that will help you in the future. For example, I volunteer for community service at a place called PET. This stands for Personal Energy Transportation. It is an amazing thing to do. You build all-terrain wheel chairs for handicapped people all over the world, but mostly in third world countries. The wheel chairs have three wheels and are designed to go through deep sand, over sharp rocks, and up and down steep inclines. In this workshop, it teaches teamwork, and makes you more mechanically minded. It is also a very courageous, bold, selfless thing to do and it will really change someone's life. Another example is that people sometimes down want to do certain activities because their boring. With required community service that will have to do things that they normally wouldn't do. By doing these things they build character and self esteem. This will help them in the future with doing homework, getting into a good college, and even with wanting to do community service again. This is why our principal should require community service.

In addition, I think the principal should require community service because it is good for the community. It help the community in times of need. For example, when you are driving down a busy road or highway you see people throwing bags, cigarette buds, and even clothes out windows of their cars, not worrying about were they end up, in sewers, on the sides of roads, even inside animals. There are some types of community service that actually pick up all this trash around a city. This is important because it teaches character and it makes the city look better and more professional. Another example is that it community service could help other people in the community. There are elder homes where people drop off their elders that can't take care of themselves and people take care of them there. Some workers use this for community service or that is even their job. It can help you in the future to teach you how to take care of elderly people and it even help the community so the people that work out in the city don't get slowed down by having to take care of them. It could also make the elders feel wanted and feel comfortable in a new home. This is why our principal should require community service.

In conclusion, our principal should require community service. This is because it teaches life lessons and it's good for the community. Life lessons help you later of in life when trying to apply for a college or helping out a friend. Community service also changes people's lives.