Schools are places where kids end up spending the majority of their childhood in. Most kids end up disliking school for one reason or another, while others might love school. To have the ability to know how a child is feeling and map their patters can become useful in more ways than one. The use of reading a students emotions is valuable in many ways like helping with possible depression, enhancing the material, and creating a better enviroment.

School can be a stressful time for many students and also a time of growth. Especially in high school and even middle school, the childs body is going through puberty. This chemical change in the body can lead to mood swings and other issues especially when school stress is added on top. This technology is capable of indicating "...the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one"(paragraph 7). With the aid of this technology the school can help students before they develope mental illnesses like depression that often go unseen due to hiding true emotion.

Also, in many schools students usually find the learning material to be sub par or boring in many cases. However with the aid of this technology "a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored" (paragraph 6). If a teacher was able to pin point when exactly a lesson becomes boring it would majorly help with being able to reconstruct it as well. For difficult classes being able to know when the students are lost would help significantly in increasing the understanding of the material as teachers will be able to know exactly what the students dont understand, and thus be able to help them achieve better grades.

Being able to understand students emotions in a learning enviroment can also help with improving the school overall. SInce the technology would be able to understand the basic emotions like "...happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness" (paragraph 3), this can give a school tons of feedback on how to improve. For example, with negative emotions, a school would be able to improve its cafeteria food quality from knowing what foods are highly unpopular, and as a result save food from wasting. Or during school events, even though the event might be a success knowing how each of the students felt about the event would help with improving it for next year. The addition of this technology would allow a school to be the best the possibly could.

The addition of this facial technology can be quite revolutionary in a school setting. As students often dont share their true feelings, issues can be confronted and the students mentality can be improved. Also a better, and positive learning enviroment can be created. The ability to remove student confusion and make learning interesting would go a long way in helping not only the students grow and move forward positivly, but also the school as a whole.