Venus may have some dangers. The author think's venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. Here are some things you should know about Venus. Venus may be called " Evening Star ". The Evening star is one of the brightest point of light in the sky. Even though Venus is called a Star it's actually a planet. Venus is the secound planet from the sun.

It being close to the sun makes it hard to examine closely.

Venus may be very challenging to get around or to beable to find more out about. Venus is the closest to the earth. Venus is like a cloud-draped world. One of the dangers of Venus is it being cloud-draped because humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on Venus. No spacecraft lasted the landing more than a few hour if that.

A reason Venus is a dangerous place is the atmosphere is almost 97 percent carbon dioxide. Venus has challenging clouds that are highly corrosive sulfuric acid. The temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit. The atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we feel on our own planet. How we know this informaiton can help understand that the author thinks venus has some dangers on it. For example , " These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth ; such an enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. "

Venus would be a worthy pursuit depite the dangers because Venus was once the most Earth-like planet in the solar system. Venus used to be covered with largely oceans and may have supported various forms of life. To this day Venus has some features that are analogous to those on earth. Venus surface is a rocky sediment. Venus also has some familiar features such as valleys , moutains and craters.

This concludes how the author think's that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. Venus may be harmful to humans but at one point Venus was just like our home. Venus once has forms of life like we do today on planet earth. Venus might be something interesting but the danger's is what keep's us from landing. 