To state senator Bill Nelson:

Dear Mr. Nelson,

I would like to address a concern that seems to have the American people questioning their voting decisions. As a responible citizen of the United States of America, upholding your right to vote is an important duty. However, in the case of nationally voting to decide our vital political figures, such as the President and Vice-President, the ballot of the Electoral College is not giving the voters of America a fair result when it comes to the final moments of a presidental election. The reason being that this ballot is so unfair is that the electors for the state of which a citizen is voting in can be easily overturned to a vote for the canidate of which is opposite to what that citizen has elected to vote for.

The year of the 2000 campaign, Bush vs. Gore, for the presidency is an excellent example of how this Electoral College is unfair for voters. As Bradford Plumer has addressed in an excerpt of his writing: "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" from

Mother Jones , he stated that Al Gore did indeed win the popular vote, but however he lost the presidency because of the quirks of the Electoral College. Also stated by Bradford Plumer is that "The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse".

Another example of how the Electoral College is unfair goes back to the 1960 campaign. Again stated by Bradford Plumer, "The segregationists in the Louisiana legislature had nearly come to success in replacing Democratic electors with new electors that would oppose John F. Kennedy." The state of Louisiana had attempted to do so because the popular vote for Kennedy, would not have actually gone to Kennedy; if they had succeeded in replacing those electors. There is also raise for concern in the event of a tie in a campaign. All 50 states would have only one vote and the selection of the House of Representatives would most likely not reflect the will of the American people. Also, the Senate chooses the vice-president.

As an American citizen looking forward to uphold my duty as a responible voter, I ask that we abloish the Electoral College and make the change to deciding among a popular vote. I believe that this change will engage Americans who respectfully choose not to vote to make the choice to vote. It will also give the citizens of America a more fair campaign to vote for when it comes time to vote for a new president. Last but not least, the small percentage of voters who are visiting the ballots for the first time would have a better understanding of how the voting system works. I hope you take this thought into consideration and help make a better voting environment for our citizens of this great country that we call home.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME                                             