The Electoral College is not perfect and it may be called broken by some people, but in all truth it isn't. Nothing is perfect. The Electoral College is a good way to make sure that a election won't end in a tie (95+% of the time). It also makes sure that certain regions, or states, don't control the vote with their population. The Electoral College can be edited if it needs to though.

The Electoral College is very good at insuring one winner. It has this ability, because to be a tie both canidates have to have 269 votes which is highly unlikly. To have a President chossen majority has to vote one way (270). Now with a "winner-takes-all" system that his country, USA, has, there are only so many combinations of states' votes for one party that there would be a tie. Since the beggening of the Electoral College there has only been two ties. The Electoral College does make it easier for there not to be a tie, because more people voting into selected individuals then having them vote makes it easier for less mess ups and faster counting of votes.

The Electoral College also makes sure one part of the country does not get favored and make the others feel like their votes did not count. If one canidate is favored in a area and if it has a lot of people then that candidate would win with a direct vote. The bigger cities with more people would get every political ad and the canidates would be more focused there instead of getting everyone's opinion. The other places would feel left out and would be less likely to vote meaning not a true meaning of who majority wants as President.

Nothing is the world is ever made perfect forever. The Electoral College was clearly a great idea when it was made or it would never be put into action. The Electoral College does have slight problems that rarely happen. The best thing about it though is that people could vote and change details about it if it was that big of a deal. As "Under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution," people wanted/ thought it would be fair to count the District of Columbia as a "state." So people took a vote to make the change, thats why it is the the 23rd Amendment. When the USA gets more population, for a short time, there will be a odd amount of electoral votes, that means no ties. Until the popluation grows or decreases enough to make a even number of votes again.

There is pleanty of things wrong in this world, but one thing that is pretty good right now is the Electoral College. More times than not it has one winner and one loser, and rarely a tie. It makes sure that nobody is a favorite or feels like it. Also it shows things can change if something is a problem or needs fixing. The Electoral College is not perfect, but is not broken. Thank you for reading my letter, I hope you take it into concideration when deciding to keep it or not.    