Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College is a process not a place. When the founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and also a popular vote of approved citizens. That should stay remain the same they should not be any change to the Electoral College system.

The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electorals. When the electors have a meeting thats when they are able to for the President, Vice President that is running for office. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors, majority of 270 electoral vote, is to elect the President. Each state is entitled allotment in its Congressional delegation which means one for each member in the House of Representives plus two for your Senators.

Under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, the District of Columbia is allocated three electors and are treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. Each candidate that is running in the election has their own group of electors, generally chosen by the candidate's political party. The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. The voters help choose their state's electorals when they voted for the President, when they vote for the candidate they are actually votin for the candidate's electors. Voters are more likely to pay attention to the efforts the candidate put to win the election like the campagin.

The Electoral College system has a method called "winner- take-all that awards all the electors to the winning presidental candidate. After the presidental election the state governor will prepare a "Certificate of Ascertainment" that which list all the of the candidates that ran for office, along with the names for their respective electors. The Certificate of Ascertainment also declares the winner of the presidental candidate of your state. The Certificate of Ascertainment is sent to the Congress and the National Archives as part of the offical records of presidential election.                      