Technology safety

Today many people are using technology for many reasons but there is one piece of technology that has been used a lot more recently. The smartphone or mobile phone, many people think that it is not that dangerous but it is as dangerous as most things that can damage or hurt people just not as much. As it can hurt people in many ways the most severe way is to be in a car accident just by looking at a phone for even a second. Not only could that person hurt themself but whomever else is in the car or the person they have crashed into. If it is such a bad way to drive why don't people stop looking at their phones while driving?

Well many people are worried about how their social status is doing and how their friend's day is rather than their safety. So even if the majority of people were to stop there would always be that other percent who don't care. Although drivers should not they would still need their phones for GPS. Many states already have this situation classified as illegal but some states do not. Even if they were to turn the sound some people may not know where 1/2 miles to turn is.

There are consequences to driving with a person on his or her phone but in some states they should not even if there should be. It should be illegal to drive using their phones. People who drive with phones should get a ticket and they should have to pay the fine or they would get jail time. Many people do not realise just how dangerous not looking at their surroundings are when driving a car. People have to worry about cars coming or going or when they have to stop, go or even yield.

It is known that when drivers get on the road there is a risk of crashing by the car or the person's actions so why make that percentage higher. Also risk not only themselves but other people.

It is just not right and not fair for other people they could have potentially hurt or damage their possessions.

Cell Phones carry A lot of information like the weather or the news and mainly social media. What someone is doing or how they are doing are important to their friends. Many people would agree that these reasons cause them to look at their cell phones

And would convince other people to stop or text them before they drive to say that they are not going to be responding while they drive.

Many people drive while using their cellular devices and it causes problems for many people. It is illegal in some states and some in not but even in the illegal states people still do it knowing they could cause damage to someone or themselves or even pay a fine. It should be illegal anywhere so people can think about whether or not they want to get a ticket. People should stop to think that they may make someone's day worse. People should just stop using their phones while driving in general but not everyone chooses to do it.            