The use of tecnology reading your face is a bad idale for some things but not all things. Emotions are what humans have. The Facial coding system enables computer to read face exspreshions like happy ,sad,frown,fear,disgust,anger,and suprise. The Coding system should not be on every ones computer becuse some people hate adds and the system would just keep showing diffent ones each time.

On the Facial Action Coding System would not be bad if you could shut it off and on other then it being on non stop all day tring to read your face. The program would be alsome to look at old pitures to see if they were happy or what not. the program makes a 3-D face that has all 44 major muscles in the model . It has to move like a human face dose.

The Facial Action Coding Systm would be cool if the creater could make it read other creachers like cat or a dog for we could see how they feel. cats wag there tail but my cat is happy when he wags his tail what dose that mean than?

My dog growls when he vplays what dose it mean? Maby later on they can move on from human faces to other animal faces.

Dr. Paul Eckter man has alot of good idals with his program. He just needs it were the people can turn it on and off othere than being on all the time. like how when some people are angry they turn tv on or funny videos. That could turnout to becume disaster.

The Facial Action Coding System is a good idal for school work for if the student would get bord it could change there studing ways up or class room asiments. The program could read diffent shown emotions in the program. In fact us human perform the same impresive caculation every day.

The "Making Mona Lisa Smile" was neat to see what the program had to say. The Facial Action Coding System read the Mona Lisa painting and it said she was 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted,6 percent fearful,and 2 percent angry.

The Facial Acting Coding System is a great program and in time it could read how humans feel and animals in the future. I think it will be a great program for computer to have. As long as you can turn them on and off at times. It would be a good way to get rid of adds.

Dr. Huang thinks that Da Vinci studied human anatomy to help him paint facial muscles precisly enough to coney specific emotions. The program would help the police with criminals becuse it would read there face and tell them what going on .