Imagine this, you've had a long day as a student waking up early and working hard to do well in school all day, but then you remember you have Basketball practice tonight! This excites because you have become close friends with your teammates, and it serves as a nice break from everything going on in school. Attending after school clubs and activities can give you a place where people with similar interests and hobbies all come together. After school clubs can be a safe space where you and your friends get together to do something you all enjoy, and you could make new friends along the way. Being in a club can provide a safe space, and the people there often share your interests. Activities like these can make you an all rounded person while also giving you a break from school.

Activities from football to Rubiks cube club can create a safe space for the people on the team or in the club. What do I mean by "safe space?"

A safe space is where people can share how they feel, and why they feel that way. An example could be if you're on a football team your teammates become your friends and that gives you a whole community of people who care about you. It doesn't even have to be a team it could even be a group that likes horses, but they still have something in common to bond over. Teammates also tend to build you up, and give a boost in confidence which can help you be a stronger person. Did you know that having fun with your friends and participating in the activities you enjoy can even help you get into college?

I think that having students participate in an extracurricular activities could very beneficial for many different aspects of their development, such as social, emotional, and in some cases even physical. Most students are very focused on their academics and doing well to look good for college. What they might not know is colleges don't only look at grades they also look at your extracurricular s. Looking at what you did after school as well as in school helps hem see that you are able to juggle both things at once, but what they don't know is we actually enjoy it! Though it might seem like a lot especially with all of our school work, it could serve as the well deserved break we need.

Students have a lot on their plates between school, homework, and studying, sometimes it's good to take a break. What better way to relax then do something you enjoy with other people that enjoy it as well. Playing a sport after school can help you create close friends and teammates. When you think about stress reliving one of things you might think of is one of your favorite things to do with some of your friends. Well guess what, you just explained what a club is. In that portion of your day you don't have to worry about acing that test all you have to think about is swishing that three or winning that chess match.

As a whole I think that after school activities could be beneficial to students in many ways. Many students might not fit in to friend groups, but with after school clubs they know they have similarities with their peers. It's a great way to relive stress with the people you care about while doing something you care about. That's why I think that having everyone participate in a club or sport could be very beneficial for these reasons, and I think it's a great addition to our school systems.  