Ding, ding, ding. Thats the sound of a school bell at the end of the day. Over 500 kids rushing to their bus, but not one of them is staying after school. It's not that schools don't have after school it's that students just don't care or they don't know what's out there. In all my years of going to school I have all ways participated in after school activities, and every single one of them has helped me in some way, and that's why I think that students should participate in them. Students should be required to participate in sports, working on year book, or serving on student council because it helps them maintain grades, gives students a chance to interact with other students, and they have a chance to give back to their school.

Students that play sports have to maintain their grades when they'er off the field in order to play on the field. This helps them to have a "C" or higher and they can apply what they learn on the field to when they'er off the field. A student in my class is always asking for his absent work because he has to leave early for one of his games. This student doesn't play just one sport but 3. So when he comes back the next day he has to make up all of his work if he wants to stay on the team. An example of applying what student learn on the field to off the field is my friend that plays football. He said to me "I could never make a touch down if some one wasn't covering my blind side",then he said, "It's not about if

I win because

I would have never maid it if there was no one on the team to cover me." Then the next day at his game he maid sure that the crowds were celebrating him and the team when they won.

Year book gives students a chance to interact with other students by giving new students a chance to make friends, and it helps them find other students they can relate to. In the 6th grade I was going to a new school, that I new nothing about and then club sign ups came, and I decided to sign up for year book. when I started out they gave me a camera and told me what kind of pictures they were looking for. When I went around the school and asked students if I could take their picture they were nice about it and said sure. Out of the 25 people I asked to take their picture 17 of them asked me if I wanted to be friends, and I said yes. Also the people in the year book club were new to the school just like me we talked about how we came to a new school and none of are friends came with us. Year book helped me find friends and find people who understood what I was going trough.

Student council is a good way to give back to your school, by showing that they appreciate your school and to show school spirit. Students on student council show that they appreciate their school when they represent them. For example when student council does a sock drive and then goes and distributes the socks to the less fortunate, they are showing how their school feels, and that they want to give back to the community we live in. When the students on student council show school spirit they go to the school sports games, show up for fund raisers, and set an example for how other students should act in school. By showing this appreciation and spirit they set the bar higher for other schools and show that they support our's.

Students should participate in sports, working on year book, or serving on student council because they will have good grades, a chance to interact with other students, and a way to give back to the community. Students will build character buy interacting with other students and have fun while doing it. Ding, ding, ding, thats the sound of the bell for after school. All the students flood into the hallways talking to each other about sports, year book, and student council. No student fells left out and every student has a friend.