Do you guys think that venus is dangers? Well for our part venus need to get up close and personal despite the risk or maybe they should think of them as challenges. Astronmers are fascinated by venus because it may once have been the most earth-like planet in our solar system. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus's atmosphere. Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it had proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. Venus would need to get uo close and personal despite the risk and maybe should think of them as challenges.

Astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earth-like planet in the solar system because people from long time had to covered the oceans to support carious forms of life to them just how earth is from us today. Also because the value of the returning of the venus seem to be a little difficult but there was other option to make a mission to be safe and productive to both of them for the astronomers to be by venus and know the planets in the solar system.

Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosvie sulfuric acid in venus's atmosphere because they think that the challenging for venus might not be working for them but now they do work because the conditions are now more extreme then any human encounter out there and all of the environment can crush of a submarine. But then venus has the hottest surface temperature to any of the planet in the solar system that their is even when mercury is close to the sun venus can still be hot for the system being beside another planet.

Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. Venus can be the closest planet to earth even in terms of size and density. Also each of the previous mission can have an unmanned and for a reason no sacecraft has been survived for the time of landing for more than hours or even minutes. Venus had more than three decades, but venus reputation for a challenge planet is for humans to work on and study for and to despite the proximity to it.

This is what I think the author suggests to the study of venus because venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risk and maybe should think of them for a challenge, because astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may once have been the most earth-like planet in the solar system, even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus's atmosphere, and venus is simple to see from the distant but can be safe vantage point in earth and has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely to it. 