Life is a marathon not a sprint; therefore, people can not take breaks from educating themselves, even in the summer. However, long, boring, and useless summer project persuade students to avoid the project; forcing life's marathon to become a sprint. Summer projects need a change and can be by students, because students know how long to make it, how to make it interesting, and what it must include.

Students know how long to make a summer packet to urge new students to complete it. Summer gives students a break from the long and hard work of the strenuous school year, therefore the stack of an eight page summer packet that may not be difficult, is enough to intimidate a student to cheat on it or simply not finish it. Student-summer-packet-designers understand the struggle and can make it a length at persuades the students to complete it on their own. Others might suggest that having fewer questions and less pages will just decrease a student's time spent learning or reviewing material. However, the decrease in the amount of problems and page length will only urge students to complete the packet instead of copying.

Student-summer-packet-designers know how to make the material in a summer packet interesting for new students. Summer is meant for students to take a break from the boring and uninteresting work of the school year, therefore, the dull material in a summer packet only validates their choice to start and finish the packet a day before the start of the new school year, if at all. If student-summer-packet-designers take control over the content of these packets other students will find the information more alluring. Some can argue that teachers can pick just as fascinating topics as students. However, because of age gaps and other variables many teacher do not know what students find entertaining.

Student-summer-packet-designers know what material to include. Many items in the packet also lack the ability to teach valuable information that can lead to the success in the course. Student-summer-packet-designers can use their knowledge from taking the course to make a packet filled with example that they would have benefited from and with problems they struggled with; allowing the new students to be better prepared. People might suggest that teachers know the material the best so they will form the best summer packet. However, students know what they struggled with more than the teachers; therefore, they know what to put in the packet to avoid struggle for future students.

Students should undoubtedly make the summer packet for upcoming students. In the past, teachers have made a long, boring, and useless summer projects. In the future, students should find that their summer projects aren't a disservice. Teachers can now give students the opportunity to create summer projects that keep students engaged in learning over there rejuvenating break.