Sometimes having to be a scientist is not the best idea. Scientist discover different things at different paces,such as the ones that these scientists discovered on Mars. This face that the scientists discovered have evidence that it is just a natural landform. It could also be proven that the face that was found on Mars was not created by aliens. This face was is the face of an alien,and it is going to be proven in this argumentative essay.

First off,the face that was found has no signs of being an alien because any planet has those wierd funky looking holes right? It could have been that with the temperature and time those holes could have appeared making it look like a human face. It could of just simply have been a coincidence that it happened like that. Either way we could say that maybe it was an alien or just a natural landform,nobody has been able to personally prove it because there has not been one astronaut that has went up to Mars and looked at it with its own eyes. The human being has made assumptions about a lot of different things and the majority of the time the human being is incorrect because they do not have evidence to prove that what they said was correct.

Next,lets say that maybe the human being is correct,how could scientists prove that it is what the human being suspects?

In the article in paragraph 2 it reads,"Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa,common enough around Cydonia,only this one had usually shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharoh." In this part of the reading the author of this article are saying that it could have just been another Martian mesa,but that this one had the unusual shadows that make it look like an Egyptian Pharoh. Like it says in the text it could have just been the shadows something that make it look like an ancient Egyptian Pharoh. It could have maybe been that Martian that the scientists have said it is.

Finally,in this situation scientists might be correct again. It could only be a natural landform that formed with the weather or something different that helps little things like these form up. There are no certain clues or evidence that this "face" could be a human or an ancient Egyptian Pharoh. Sometimes the human being wants to suspect things that are not close or correct to what a specialized scientist can do. Sometimes it is just probably that the human brain gets carried away by what it looks at. Sometimes it helps to pay close attention to what we are doing or looking at, for the hiumans good.