Driverless cars would be very beneficial to our society. It would make an immense impact on our culture and provide simple, fast ways to get around. In the article, many different positives are thoughouly expressed. Because of these specific examples, I believe that driverless cars will be extremely important in America's future and greatly benefit our use of transportation.

The United States, as well as other parts of the world, experience oil and fuel issues. There are frequent shortages of these particular substances, which are extrememly important for our daily lives. In the article, it is said, "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. He believes such cars would fundamentally change the world." In this quote, from the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," Google cofounder Sergey Brin expresses that these driverless cars will be beneficial to America and the rest of the world. He says that these cars will use less fuel, which unfortunately tends to run short. Driverless cars will benefit the the world's fuel issues.

Another positive to driverless cars are the entertainment and noficiation aspects. Drivers will be able to get different things done while driving. They also will no longer need to worry about distraction factor of driving. Drivers won't have to worry about trying to answer a phone call, respond to a text, or change a song and drive at the same time. The article states, "Some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. Such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over-something not available to driveres trying to text with a cell phone. In this way, the in-car system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern." In this quote, Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager driver, explains that a driver won't need to worry about answering a text. The driver can answer the text or phone call while the car is not in need of assistance. Fortunately, the car only needs manual assistance in areas of road construction or accidents. This feature of driverless cars will greatly benefit driving today.

However, these driverless cars still do obtain some faults. These faults are included in the article. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." This shows that drivers must retain some sort of awareness of what is going on around them. They cannot take naps or completely zone out, especially when approaching an accident or work zone. Although there are few flaws to the designs of driverless cars, these flaws should be fixed very soon. The article states, "Automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time. Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020. The road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destination every day." This quote shows that many of these issues should be resolved in the very near future.

Because of these specific examples in the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," I believe that driverless cars will be very beneficial to America and it's many modes of transportation. Driverless cars will use less fuel than our typical cars we use today. They will also require an immensely small amount of attention. Most importantly, any small flaw that these cars possess will be resolved extremely soon. Driverless cars will change our lives for the better.