I think driverless cars sound like a good idea on paper, but in the real world they just are not far enough advanced yet for me to feel safe being in or around one.

They are not even fully driverless yet, a person still needs to be ready to take the wheel at any given time.

However in the future when they become more advanced and safe they could potentialy prevent accidents.

I think driverless cars are still a thing of the future and not present.

As much as I think they need work now, I am not against the development of them as they could bring many potential benefits.

In the article it states how movies and television shows have been fascinated with driverless cars for a long time, seeing them as a thing of the future.

I think they still are a thing of the future because they still need a driver to be able to take the wheel at any given time.

The only way I can see them being the safest they can be, is if all cars are driverless and they could interact with each other.

Right now the driverless cars are mostly just assisting like antilock brakes, as stated in pararaph six.

When the technology eventually becomes good enough to be able to fully drive without a driver there are still laws to be discussed.

Only a few states allow them so far, and what good is a car that is only legal in three states and the District of Columbia if you do not live there.

I think eventually the laws will change enough to allow them to function as long as they are safe and can pass certain tests.

Then the question comes up about blame in the event of an accident, whose fault is it if a computer is controlling the vehicle?

As of now driverless cars seem to be more trouble than help.

With time I feel that they could become very safe and reliable vehicles with advancements in technology.

There are many manufacturers trying to make driverless cars, at least one of them is bound to make something good eventually.

In conclusion, I think driverless cars should keep being developed, however they still need a lot of work.           