I say that we keep the electoral college because it was the way that the founding fathers found out how to balance out how the peope should decide. But they were only allowed to vote if they had certain papers to allopw saying they are citizens. The way that it works is that each person running has a group of electors and is counted by the congress to find out who is winning in the campain. It consiswts of 538 electors ,majority of 270 of the electoral votes are required to elect the president your state entittled allotment of elctors to help in the campain. They get one in the house of represntivies and two senators.

I think that keeping the electoral college is what we need nothing is wrong with the system since our fore fathers were around so why change it now. It says that each canidate has the option to pick his/her electors to be in for the election. Then on every fourth year after the first monday in november on tuesday the president is elected. But before they get there they go to each state saying there speeches and hopin that the majority of that state votes for them because most states use a "winner takes all" were if you get the majority you get the whole states vote.

But if thats not enough then maybe this is why we should keep the electoral college. Even if Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole,and the U.S chamberer of comerce say its wrong and Al Gore. But i think it should stay because it was the best and easiest way to figure out who should be elected for president/vice president. Because even with speculations that its unfair they have no liable proof that it is.

But these speculaters dont understand that they are choosing the president and the electors before the vote of the president. They only see it happen one time since 1888 and everything goes crazy becuase gore was more popular and bush had more electoral votes and bush won even if gore was more popular. In 2012 when obama was elected over romney with a 61.7 to 51.3 because that almost all the states were using the electoral college all or nothing. In order for that one canidate to be elected the person needs to have a trans-regional vote for say romney only had the south thosw are not enough votes to win over the north and south. The canidates are mostley going for the "swing states" because they listen to the whole campain and decide who they think deserves it through there campain. Larger staes get way more attention becasue they are worth more points to the election. They try  to avoid run off elections because they are shot out of the water that way with casts as low as the mid 40's in percentage.

Thats why i think the elctoral college deseres to stay. Not because al gore got mad cause he was favorite and still lost but over all i think that just because thats omething bad happend one time does not mean that the whole thing has to go down in flames. Like i said we need to keep it we have had it since the 1800's and there is literally nothing whrong with it so those are my reasons on why the ellctoral college should stay.    