Dear Principal,

I believe that your possible new policy could really help the students who want to play sports also focus on their studies. I believe that some of the reasons that you should change the policy is, for one reason, the students can focus on their studies, for two, they can play sports and they also must make time for their studies as well as extracurricular activities such as sports and lastly, they will be able to focus on getting above a B average.

I am also a little against the idea because some gifted students in sports are not academically gifted. This wouldn't give them the opportunity to be as best they can be in sports if they focus upon the negatives of not being on the sports team they are on. If you change the policy, then some kids who are great at their sport won't be able to help their school win any sporting competitions.

While the kids can focus on their studies, they can make a larger and brighter future. Many students who have a C average can try to focus upon their studies and maybe even get above the B average. The students can be great at juggling their time for their future lives as adults. This policy can help the students be the best they can be in anything.

The B average,

I think is a little to high for some of my peers. Many don't focus upon their studies and teachers are time and time again to get them above their showing level of academics. Academics must have several students who try hard for their goal for whatever it is they want to do with their life. If somebody wants to be a millionaire, they have to work on being that throughout their life. Be a millionaire doesn't just come to you. You have to work your whole life for being this. If they want to be a hotdog man, a trash man, or even a McDonald's cashier, then they will have very little self-respect and very little low-self esteem.

I also oppose this policy because the students who wish to be a sports star must have good grades in College, but if they get below a B average in elementary, middle, or high school, then so what? the students try to juggle social and academics and if your grade skips a little bit, then they can't be on their team.

So, as you can see, I am of a spilt mind as to what I want you to do. I think that it would be both a great idea and bad idea, but whatever you choose, I am sure that it will be for the students best benefit and for the parents' as well.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME            