When the US Constitution was first made, the idea of equality between the states was made. This meant that the size or population of a state gave it no disinct advantage over another. They did this through the creation of the House of Representatives and the Senate, yet there was one more issue they had to solve. This issue was how they could count the votes of citizens all aroun the US fairly. They solved it with electoral college, a system in which the voters don't directly vote for the president, but vote for a group, or slate, of people who have sworn to a canidate who vote for you. This system as Source 2 states can easily be broken with a group of swing votes in some states, but because it keeps thing equal, we must see that making popular vote the process isn't a good idea, because larger states will have more power. The US should just remove the winner take all system and replace it with 'proportional representation" to preserve equality and functionality.

The first reason why we must change to proportional representation is because it preserves equality. As Source 1 states, this proportional representation is only done by Maine and Nebraska, but it makes it so that one party wont win the state, it is reigional in the state meaning that more people are represented through this. The winner take all system is too harsh, and can discount many people in swing and regular states. As Source 3 stated, the larger states need to be left alone to represent the US population. Proportional representation allows this with the ability to include even more opinions. With this informatin, it is easy to see how proportional representation will preserve the equality that popular vote represents.

The second reason why we must change to proportional representation is because it preserves functionality. One of the main arguments for electoral college, is that  it is more functional as compared to popular vote. This can be maintained through proportional representation. Source 3 stated that while the reguar electoral college has a chance of failing, it is not as high of a chance as popular vote is. Proportional representation keeps this functionality that those who support normal electoral college hide behind. This is also been proven to work without a hitch. As previously mentioned, Source 1 stated that this for of electoral college is already in Maine and Nebraska. These states have proven that this form of electoral college works, thus proving that we should change to proportional representation in order to maintain the functionality of regular electoral college.

In conclusion, we should switch the rules of electoral college from "winner takes all" to "proportional representation" in order to maintain equality and functionality. showing that while the founding fathers did have the best on their minds when electoral college was made, a change in it can benifit America for years to come.    