Venus, Venus is known as Earths twin because of having similarity's. NASA hasn't yet found a way to have a rocketship to last on the palnet, so let alone a person could last up there. The longest a rocket has lasted on the planet was three weeks. NASA is still working on a way to send a rocket and people onto Venus wothout failing.

Venus is supposed to be the Earth's twin. Venus has the closest density, size and occasionally the cloest planet in distance too. This planet is the second planext from the Earth. All the planets orbit the sun at different speeds, and sometimes Eath is closer to Mars and other times it is closer to Venus. Venus is called the "Evening star"

At the begining no space craft had survived on Venus for hours, but one of the space crafts have lasted for three weeks. They may call Venus Earth's twin but it isnt a livable place. The pressuure of the planet is 90 times grater than Earth's. Venus has a very thick atmospere of 97% carbon dixide. The conditions are far to extreme to humans. The enviorment would be able to crush even a submarine that can take a lot of water pressure at the deepest point, Venus would liquefy the metal.

Venus has the hottest surface temperture of any planet in the solar system. Even thought Mercury is the closest planet to the sun Venus is still hottest within heat and pressure. The temeture is 170 degrees Fahrenheit. The air pressure is also almost sea level on Earth. The enviorment is very rocky, it has many valleys, mountains ans crates. It has erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and freguent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. They say Venus used to be covered in Oceans.

NASA is doing hundreds of projects to get a space craft to land on Venus and to explore Venus. NASA is experimenting with mechanical computers which were first envisioned in the 1800's and played an important role in the 1940's during World War II. Its very shocking that modern computers can't last up on Venus. Modent computers do not have the gears and leavels that the mechanical computer has. That computer is much more controlable and is not more lyable to have problems.

All together Venus is not a livable planet, yet and probally will not be one for a while. A human can live on Venus but it will be very hard to live on. As i said before it has 97% of Carbon dioxide and is more likely gonna be very hard to breath. Venus is very very hot at 170 degrees fahrenheit. The air pressure is really close to sea leavels on Earth imagine how hard it is to breath there. The planet is very rocky and has many valleys, moutains and caters. Let's not forget that you may wake up to erupting volcanos, powerful eathquakes, and freguent lightning stikes to probes seeking to land its surface. That all happens on the planet Venus. Would you want to live there?