Hello, Mr. Senator i'm writing this letter to you because i'm in favor of keeping the Electrocal College. I'm in favor of the Electroral college because "the electoral college method is not democratic in a modern sense". There are five reason's im in favor of the electrocal college, One reason is the certainty of the outcome you wont win if you have more popular votes but less electoral vote "It happened in 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than Bush yet fewer electoral votes".

The second reason is Everyone's President "The electroral College  requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional. No region (South, Northeast, etc.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president."

In the 2012 elections Romney was popular in the south "no incentive to campaign heavily in those states." He doesnt have to have to campaign that much in the south because he knows those states will vote for him. The third reason is the Swing States "The winner take all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates-as we saw in 2012-to focustheir campaing efforts on the toss-up state." Voters in the toss-up states have to pay close attention to the campaign because they're the ones that are going to decide the election . The forth reason is Big states, the bigger the states the more electoral votes they have and the presidential candidates pay more attention to those states "a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in campaign than a small state does..."

The fifth Reason is Avoid Run-Off Elections "There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the preisdential election process, reduced by the electoral college, which invariably produces a clear winner..." that was my last reason i hope it stays the same to elect presidents. There are alot of people that want the elctions to change but i think this is the best way to elect presidents. Mr. senator i hope you have read my letter and that you consider wjat i have wrote on this letter.     