Dear Principal,

I heard about your new requirements on community service and students in our school performing community service. I just wanted to give you my opinion on your expectation and I think it isn't a very good idea for it to be mandatory to perform community service. It gives less opportunities for students to succeed in their goals, and it takes out our free time which gives us time to have fun and learn new things. This situation should be handled wisely.

If students act on doing community service, they will have less opportunities to succeed in their goals. For example, if a student wanted to learn how to play an instrument, they wouldn't be able to learn it because there would be no time for lessons. They would have to be doing community service which would take away the opportunity to learn. They also have many other responsibilities besides community service such as taking care of a younger sibling, focusing on school and education, house chores, and many others. Community service would be another responsibility that a child would have to take on and which maybe not even be prepared for.

Community service would take out students free time to have fun and learn new things. Students wouldn't be able to have fun and enjoy their lives if they are stuck doing community service. They wouldn't have social time to hang out with their friends. They wouldn't even have time to be with their family as much. Children would be very miserable and would be very depressed at a young age. They wouldn't have to much of a great memory as a child either.

Community service isn't a very good thing to make students perform at an early age. It takes away time and opportunities and gives too much responsibility to students. Students should be able to enjoy their childhood and not remember it as cleaning up litter. I don't think you wanted to remember your childhood as a community service worker. I hope you take my opinion into consideration and reconsider yours as well.

Sincerely, 8th Grade student,                        