One of the brightest points of light in the night sky is the "Evening Star' which is also a close planet to us called Venus. Venus might seem harmless and pretty from a distance but when you get close it can be really dangerous. The conditions of Venus are hazardous to us. In fact we have had past missions that were never recorded becuase not a single mission succeded. However, NASA is trying to come up with technology that can survive these conditions so we can study Venus.

The closest planet to Earth in density, size, and sometimes distance also is, in fact, Venus. It was even once may have been known as the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Venus and Earth has come similar features such as rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters. However, Venus isn't all that pretty. There are some really big dangers when coming in contact with this planet. Venus has almost a 97 percent carbon dioxide blanket that covers the planet. The fluffy clouds are really just sulfuric acid in the atmosphere on Venus. The temperature on Venus is an average of 800 degrees Farenheit and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience here on Earth. Because of these harsh conditions the several missions to Venus were remain unknown because no spacecraft was able to survuve the landing for more than a few hours leading to us not being able to collect samples of the materials on Venus's surface.

Despite the harsh conditions and the unsuccessful missions, we could still be able to study Venus. A possible solution to the conditions is to have the scientists float above the surface on the planet. Another way, is to have a vehicle instead of a person hover over the surface. NASA is working on new approaches to study Venus. They make devices such as electronics made of silicon carbide and test it in a chamber that resembles the same conditions as Venus. When comparing systems that use mechanical parts than modern electronics, the mechanical parts an be made to where they are more resistant to the forces on Venus such as pressure and heat.

Instead of looking at all the flaws in studying Venus, there are still some major components that can lead us to studying it. Even though Venus has harsh conditions that humans are not able to survive on, there are still technological avdvances that could lead us to exploring or living on the planet. Most scientists are curious of new things even if they can not physically study it in which the, "Human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." such as Venus. The conditions of Venus will not stop scientists or researchers from trying to gather more and more information of Venus. The study of Venus could be an oppertunity to a whole new world. There are ways and technological ways that will allow humans to live on Venus but it just has not been discovered yet.

Venus is a harmful planet with dangerous conditions. However, with developing technology we figure out ways to study the planet. Studying Venus is a worthy pursuit because one day our population could be living on it. Even though there are dangers, there is no way in studying more about Venus if we never try to come up with ways to safely research it. Venus could be our next planet. To find out if it is then more research and risks will need to come into affect.      