In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author provides a compelling and efficient argument to support the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. Using statistics, factual information, and specific plans being developed as we speak, the author convinces the audience that exploring Venus is worth the risks involved. The author throroughly describes the immersive learning possibilities that could be discovered by studying the foreign planet, the surviveable and safe travel conditions for humans, and other exploration options to ensure a safe and efficient venture to Venus.

First of all, the author immediately combats the argument of Venus being too dangerous to venture. When discussing the exploration of Venus, most people are turned off by its reputation as a dangerous and challenging planet for humans to study. While the author doesn't stray away from these harsh extremities, they make sure to prove how these details seem insignificant and how safe travel can still be executed. The author thoroughly describes the plan provided by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to allow astronauts to float above the fray and avoid the hazardous conditions. They provide specific qualities of the plan, such as the air pressure being close to the sea level on Earth, the abundance of solar power, and the containment of radiation, to prove how humans would be kept in a safe atmosphere. They even provide a real world connection between NASA's possible solution and a blimp-like vheicle hovering around the ground to make it easier for the audience to understand. The author combats the speculaiton of Venus being too dangerous to explore in order to further support the idea of it being a worthy pursuit.

Furthermore, the author heavily emphasizes the learning opportunities that exploring the foreign planet would undoubtedly provide us. While providing simple, yet interesting facts about Venus, such as it being the planet closest to Earth's density and size, may be enough to intrigue the audience into wanting to learn more about the planet, the author takes it a step further. The author goes in depth about the possibility of Venus being the most Earth-like planet in our solar system long ago. They detail the planet's environment today, consisting of Earth-like structures such as rocky sediment surfaces, valleys, mountans, craters, and other geological findings. They also state "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This information opens up an entirely new realm of possibilites for the audience to consider, and is more likely to interest them as it directly relates to our life on Earth. The way the author has set up the comparisons of Earth and Venus have allowed the audience to view the exploration of the planet as an opportunity to see a planet that could be like us; a planet with living, breathing forms of life similar to what we see everyday. The author uses this information to encourage the audience to view the pursuit of Venus as a chance to gain information on the things we see in our everyday life, and not just complex ideas that are difficult to understand and most-likely won't affect them.

Finally, the author provides numerous options being developed for humans to embark in safe and efficient travel to Venus. When discussing the potential plans to explore the planet, the author states "Many researches are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." This quote makes it clear to the audience that scientists are doing whatever it takes to develop multiple, efficient plans for space travel. The author also goes onto provide different examples to further convey how close scientists are to developing the safest plan possible. They specifically mention the use of simplified electronics made of silicon carbide and explain how they've already been tested in a chamber that simulate the conditions of Venus's surfaces, yet how they're still being improved upon. They also describe an old technology called mechanical computer, noting how this technology has already been used frequently in the 1940's and how it can be incorporated into space travel now. The author has given detailed descriptions of the efforts made and the options available to provide a safe embarkment for humans to support the ideas that Venus is a worthy pursit.

Clearly, the author has efficiently and convincingly supported the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. By describing all the information about the existence of other life forms and the similarities to Earth that we could potentially learn from the study, the author proves how worthy Venus is to be discovered. The author also rebuttals one of the main concerns for traveling to the planet by explaining how plans are being developed to make travel and living conditions surviveable, safe, and efficient for both humans and machines. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author was able to convey and support the idea that Venus is worthy of exploration.