Dear Principal,

I think the idea of every kid having to do community service is a great idea. It would help show the kids that by helping your community you are helping out everybody. It also shows the pride and character each student has in their community. If most kids don't help by doing something where they live they usually don't appreciate what they have were they live. Community service is a great way of helping give back what your city or town gives to you everyday.

Many ways you could help give out community service jobs would be to say they were getting something in reward for doing this task. There are many tasks you could give out each week. For example you could give tasks like going around and cutting peoples yards, helping clean up all the litter in the place, or helping repaint an old building or place that has been needing one for a long time.

There are many different things you could get the kids to do to help their community. I encourage that you do make the students do community service. This can help them take more pride in what they do while in school and out of school. It would also make the school look better for encouraging community service. It would help give them more respect from the community. This would also help the whole community look better. It would give them respect from other communities and the state it is in. Getting respect from other places could help your town get new things to. It could help attract more businesses to the community. It could also help the community grow by having more people move to live there bringing new cultures to the community.

There are many things that community service could do for your community. It helps bring new ideas and ways of life, brings more respect, and brings more pride to your town. All these things help your community grow and socialize. They all affect you in many good ways to help everybody. These were just some ideas I was writing to you about making every student do at least some community service. I think it is a great idea and will encourage it all the time.

, A concerned student