Should our way of voting in the United States be changed? The way we vote today is through the electoral college. Each president get a certain number of electoral votes and that is how we vote on specific leaders. The Electoral College process was established in our Constitution as a compromise. This way we could elect our president by a vote in Congress and election of our president by citizens who qualify. Is it not time for a change in the Electoral College?

First off, the Electoral College is a specified process. This process consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is manditory to elect the President. The way this works is every state has a certain number of electoral votes, mostly due to population. For example, a larger state with a large population will have more electoral votes than a smaller state. Also, each candidate running for president in your state has their own group of elector. These electors are chosen based opon the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are. There is a presidential electon held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday of the month of November. When you vote, you are helping choose your state's electors. When you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candiate's elecotrs. After your presidential election, your governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment" showing all the candidates who ran for President in your state and with the names of their respective electors. This also shows which electors will be representing your state at the meeting of the electors in December of the election year.

In addition, the pocess of the Electoral College should be changed. The are even a number of Presidents that tried to abolish the Electoral College. Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, adn the AFL-CIO all agreed on abolishing it. It is proven that 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. Most voters today are significantly uninformed. Some do not even know what or whom they are voting for. Some of these people are not even U.S. citizens. Yes, some states do require to so identification, although others do not. A direct election would be more specified and easier for people to choose and use. Some people overlook these detail while others enjoy the system because of the power it provides them. There are multiple errors in the voting process. There are certain people that do not even posess a high school degree, let alone a college degree, that vote just because they want to. The is a massive suply of ignorance and pride that fall into play with the Electoral College.

Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president they choose, but for a slate of electors, who in turn, elect the president. For instance, if you wanted to vote for a specific person you would vote for a slate of electors pledged to that person. This method of voting is curupt and should be abolished. The people in American should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the largest election crisis in a century; the system could have lead to much worse than that. Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for choosing electors, adn that those electors could alwyas defy the will of the people.

In conclusion, why is the Electoral college unhealthy? This system of voting is outdated and has many flaws throughout its system. Without this system being changed is could have a tremendous affect in the future of the United States. This irrational system lacks a basis in reality. The arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. It is difficult to say but the Electoral College in general was a mistake.                    