Dear Principal,

I've heard you are deciding whether to require all students to perform community service. I'm aware some students think that community service is a waste of time. I completely support this plan.

Community service is away to interact with other people and helping them out. Students will be able to learn new things that could help them out in the future. They will also be distracted with better things than getting bored and doing something irresponsible.

First of all some students get to caught up with work they don't have time to interact with others. Community service can help students with that by helping others and not feeling so alone. Like this one girl i knew was so caught up with her studies all she did then was go into her room and lock herself up. Later , when i noticed she'd gone too far i told her to help me clean up the streets that were covered in litter. She did and then from then on she found time for her work, friends, and community service.

Next, do you the saying "you learn something new everyday." Well its true with community service you can learn things you never knew before. One time my aunt went to a park because of an oil spill and she helped out with cleaning the damage. While she was there someone who knew a lot about wild life taught her about the different species. Later in life we went for a walk and on the streets we saw a snake that looked like a very poisonous one, but my aunt with her new knowledge of wildlife knew exactly what it was. Good thing she went to that park for community service and learned about different animals.

Lastly, haven't you ever gotten bored. Everyone gets bored anytime. Well some students may get involved with something wrong while they are bored. Sometimes students get into drugs but instead of that they could do something useful. Community service can help keep kids of drugs and do something good.

Of course I get bored all the time but when i do i usually help other people like mowing the lawn, gardening, babysitting and its all fun.

So as you can I completely support your plan for requiring students do community service. It can help them for later on in life you never know. Learning new things and not getting into the wrong things is very important. Thank you for taking the time for reading my letter.

Sincerely,

Student