Dear senator,

I favor in changing to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. I am writing you this letter saying that I want to change ther election by popular vote for the president of the United States because under the electoral college system voters vote not for the president but for a slate elector, who then turn elect the president. Sometimes the electors vote but the voters cant always control who they vote for. Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy so that the popular vote for Kennedy wouldnt have acutally gone to Kennedy. Electors have often occasionally refused to vote for their partys canidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please. I think that the electoral college is unfair to voters. The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. They said the Electoral college is widely regarded as an anachornsim. Probably changing to election by popular vote it would be more fair to the people than the electoral college. The single best argument against the electoral college is what they might call the disaster factor. When you vote for a presidential candidate youre actually voting for a slate of electors. Thats why i think you should change to election by popular vote for the president.

I think choosing to change to election by popular vote would be more in my opinion because it'll be more fair and they vote for whoever they want and the one with the most popular vote wins, unlike the electoral college that seems unfair to me because when you vote it goes to the electors and the elector then goes and chooses who he wants to pick and he may pick a wrong candidate. But i believe if choosing to change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States it would be more fair to the people because they could see by the popular vote. Thats why i believe by changing to election by popular vote for the President of The United States it would be much better for people.

Also Electoral college is unfair to voters because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they have no chance in winning. Durning the 2000 campaign seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all. Thats why i think you should change to the popular vote for the president of the United states i think thats only fair for the people and the states. Thats why they think its unfair and outdated and irrational

Sincerly, PROPER_NAME                                                                                                                                                                                                                   