Have you ever wanted to know if your attending a classes from home does it benefit you ? Many students want to be educated and successful but, many problems come in there way causing public or private schools not to be the best decision for them. They decide they want to do school online and have said it has befitted them so much because, when they were doing public school they were failing there classes or the problems they were facing got harder for them to be in school. Many students have done online school and have been so successful and not only being successful but it has benefited them in whatever situation They're in right now.

Although some may argue otherwise, but through family experiences, prodcasts i've watched on the radio, and from hearing some celebrities talk.

One of my cousins named Generic_Name has been through so much and has not been able to continue going to public school. she's struggling a lot trying to keep her grades up and trying to get to school on time. she has an eating disorder. An eating disorder can be really hard at times when dealing with that and school . Her family has decided to let her do online school , and has helped her so much because while being at home eating and also going to doctor appointments she has the option to do her assignments online and also sometimes some teachers come to her house do homework assignments with her that help her a ton. Through online school she has overcame her struggle with her eating disorder and has also been so successful. As many years went by she has studied more an more. "it's so crazy"

because while having so many problems she was facing she became a lawyer.

Some may argue that it's impossible how she became a lawyer after just doing online school, that its unfair how she got to where she is now because of home schooling, some people may say that by doing online school it can't benefit you nor can it make you a successful person it's just they way to failure. That's not true because when you hear so many stories and people talking about their experiences with home schooling you have to take to consideration that maybe it helps some and not others.

Many prodcasts on the radio have mentioned many real life situations on this subject . One i've heard that struck out to me was when this mom was talking about her son Generic_Name being really popular on social media, She said that all throughout his high school years students his age and older have been bullying him and trying to get in fights with him for no reason. The mom signed her son up for online schooling. Generic_Name did online school as well as he did video conferences with his teachers every other day . Generic_Name has found it to be more easy he said that he is more concentrated because, it's just him and his laptop there's no distractions no more students bothering him trying to fight him. Since social media is such a big thing to keep up with when doing online school ,he can do both social media and be educated. However, some may argue that Generic_Name has to be a man and grow up, he can't always hide from people that are mean to him. That's true he can't always hide from people like that, but if he's fed up with it then maybe it was the best decision you can only handle so much hate.

Celebrities have talked in their interviews about them choosing home school over school and how beneficial it was to them. There's this girl named Generic_Name .She said Being big on social media is really hard Dealing with the hate, dealing with people exposing you constantly for nothing, dealing with your name always being in people's mouth. Generic_Name has said that she's been bullied so many times and has found it harder for to deal with it. She has said that at one point she got depression and got harder and harder for her to continue going to public schools. Teachers recommended her to do online school. She took that advice and did home schooling for the rest of high school and also did online school for college as well. She said that she feels more successful. Generic_Name said that online school was the best thing she did and that she decided that for college she is going to a public college and she is also going to continue being big on social media. Some may argue that, They don't see how it benefited her. It have a major change on her, she knew what she wanted to do or be so how did it benefit her. It benefited her in so many ways, she no longer is afraid of what people think of her on social media. Sometimes people need space from public school and then when they feel that they are ready they can go to public schools again.

The importance is for people that are going through the same problems for them to look and read from past experiences. For them to see if online school is beneficial for them. In the future people can look back at this and see what people were going through and how much they were struggling. This helps to see about how the past was like to compare to how it's like now. A solution is for people to do online school if they feel like being in public school is harder for them or for, whatever reason it may be. Also for people to notice and to realize that as being said multiple times that for people that are big on social media It's hard to cope with all the hate they get. A solution is for people not to give hate to others. 