Cell phones today are generally used for many reasons. They may be used for texting, calling, emergencies, and many more reasons. Shocking but true, in this day in time, people need cell phones. Some may be against this matter, but do they know everything besides teens texting everywhere they go? Cell phones are one of the major ways of communicating. Students should be allowed to obtain cell phones during school hours, and also be allowed to use them during free periods.

First and foremost, cell phones are a major way of communicating. Students may need to communicate with parents, siblings, and other students. Calling your parent for a quick minute or two may secure your way of getting home or even to obtain a book you might have left at home for your next class. Also, talking to other classmates throughout your school may give you extra time to study with them or to finish a couple of assignments you were unsure about or needed help on. Communicating with cell phones will provide you extra time to do this by sending a text or giving them a quick call, after all lunch time and free periods don't last forever. This takes less time and gives you extra time for many other priorities you may have.

Also, students need a little free time during the school day. If time is given to them to have their cell phones out and to check what they need to, students may not be prompted to sneak a text in class. Eight out of ten schools who allowed students to have their phone out at a specific time of day saw a decrease in the number of phones out during class time. Giving students this time will show that you trust them to do what they are supposed to in class. Plus, students may realize administrators trust them to keep their phones off and in their pockets during class.

Therefore, providing trust is a key to students. Showing them they have trust may provide the whole school with many other positive characteristics. Students may feel they are being rewarded with a little free time by having their cell phones out. If this opportunity is given 99% of students may do better in school. Many may think this just gives students a way to have their cell phones out without getting in trouble for it. However, students are actually very responsible and may do the right thing.

All in all, changing the cell phone policy will benefit the school in various ways. There needs to be a sense of trust and knowing they have responsibility inside them first. Students aren't always going to do the right thing. However, giving them this time will allow them to escape and talk with friends that they may not see everyday. This new policy will provide everyone with many opportunities that will have a positive effect.