My principal has decided that students should do at least on extracurricular activity. I disagree with this because i think that students can do what they feel like doing and not be forced into something.

This will probably change a lot of things. We will be forced to do sports some students dont't like sports either they're not fit for it or they just don't like sports at all. Some people might want to work on there yearbooks but not everyone gets yearbooks. The student council i don't feel like any student would really want to do it.

Because what will it be about what will they say they might hurt or say something a student does not want to hear.

Sports what will they will have to do and what they will need. In sports you have to have the equipment your so pose to have for that sport. It could be Baseball, Football, Basketball or Soccer and whatever sport there is chosen for that student. Most sports you have to do conditioning so you have to run a lot and some people don't like running. Some people are not athletic and there just not good enough for sports. They might want to have a job and trying to go for what they want to do later in life. A lot of sports you can get seriously injured and some students might not want that to happen to them.

What is wrong with the yearbook. What are they going to do with the yearbook because all you have to do is set the students that took there picture in alphabetical order. What will they do when there done with It.

There not going to let a lot of people do it because you don't need half the school. Plus It's going to be hard if everyone wants to do the yearbooks.

What will they do with the student council. I don't think this is a good idea at all because hoe are they going to go threw the whole school for whatever they have to say to every individual student. It might take a while for a lot of students or it might be quick. It's going to be hard because some people are good and don't need it. I think these things are bad ideas.

I don't think this will be good because students want to focus on there education and to go for an higher future.