Why should you join the Seagoing Cowboys program? There are many different reasons you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program. Some of the reasons you should join I am about to tell you.

The first you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is so you could help people over seas and in other countries. A boy named Luke Bomberger got to do all of the things that you could be able to do, by joining the Seagoing Cowboys program.

The next reason you should join the program, is that you could get to see many unique places all over the world. A lot of people do not get to see some of the things that you could be able to see during the Seagoing Cowboys program. After the animals are unloaded and you have some free time, you could so site seeing and do all of it for free! Luke Bomberger got to do this while visiting many different countries for free. Now that is a once in a lifetime opportunity.

Another reason you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is that you could travel all over the world for free! That is a once in a lifetime opportunity. You don't get to travel to places for free very often. Luke Bomberger had the chance to go to many different countries and see many different things in those countries.

The fourth reason you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program; is that when you are in the different countries and you have freetime over in those places, is that you can meet people and learn their about cutures. Luke got to go see and meet new people during his free time while people were still unloading the animals, and probably learned new things about those peoples cultures too.

One of the other reason that you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is that you can learn a lot of survival skills on the ships that you are on. If you ever are a capatin of a ship in the Seagoing Cowboys program or in any program, is that you will already know how to control a ship, keep your ship members in order, and know what to do when you are on that ship. Luke Bomberger got to learn a few things on how to contol a ship and what to do when a storm hits and you sail right through the storm.

The sixth reason that you should join the program is that you could meet new people on the ship and get to know them. A lot of people do not have friends or just want to be more social. A way you could do that is by joining the program. After all of the animals are unloaded and you are heading back to your home to pick up more animals, you could play games with some of your ship members. Luke Bomberger got to meet new people and probably made some new friends while on some of those trips, even though he already had a friend that was going with him on the ships and things.

The last reason you should join the Seagoing Cowboys is that you can spend a lot of time with animals. After you are finished with the program, and you need to find a job, you could open a new farm and already know how to take care of most of your animals. When Luke was on the ship he already knew how to take care of the animals but he probable go to learn new things on how to take care of them.

Those are the reasons why you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program. You get to help people, see unique places, you could travel all ofver the world, you get to learn about peoples cultures, you can learn a alot of survival skills, you can meet new people on the ship and make friends, and you get to learn a lot about animals and how to take care of them. Those are some of the many reasons you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program.