Studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because Venus is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky and human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. Venus's knickname is sometimes called the "Evening Star" mainly because Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of Earth has proved a very challenging place to examine closely.

It is also called the "Evening Star" because Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. On Venus, the temperatures average over 800 degrees Farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than on Earth.

These conditions are far more extreme than anything human would encounter on Earth.

It is not suprising that the temperature average is so high given the fact that Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. So basically, if you walk on Venus you will get burns.

Studying Venus is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky because it is simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot.

Yes, Venus has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely, but although it is not clear due to the fact that 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus, it is still simple to see from the distant, safe vantage point.

No spacecraft survived for more than a few hours because of the carbon dioxide blanketing clouds of Venus.

The clouds of Venus most likely explains why not a single spacecraft torched down on Venus for more than three decades. Venus's atmosphere at night is not affected by carbon dioxide of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. This is exactly why studying Venus is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky is simple for an amateur stargazer to spot.

Studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.

Venus has value because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself just like intimidating endeavors does as well.

Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts, it should only be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.

This helps to strive to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value.

So, because our travels should not be limited by dangers and doubts, intimidating endeavors should only be expanded to meet the imagination and innovation of the travel.

So, because Venus is simple to see from the distant and because our travels should be expanded, studying Venus is a worthy pursuit because it only presents a small amount of dangers.

So, If Venus was more of a dangerous planet to explore, walk on, and study, would this be a planet that everyone would be interested to study and afraid to walk on to explore?  