State senator.....Keeping the Electoral College would greatly benifit our country.  The electoral process is a very important process that is needed.  The Electoral College consists of 538 electors.  With majority of 270 votes are needed so there is a good chance of getting a fair shot to win.  Each candidate running for president in a state has to have there own group of electors which eguals out the odds.  The electors are chosen by the candidates political party.  In most states they have a winner takes all system but Maine and Nebraska each have a variation of proportion.

The certificate of ascertainment also declares the winning presidental candidate in the state and shows which electors will be representing your state at the metting of the electors which helps us to know who had won the presidental election.  Voting for a state election of who will turn elected for president. When voting you would have to vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors to pledge for Kerry.

Voting for a president is like voting for a state elector.  Even though a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible it has only happened in 2000 but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote.  The reason is that the winning candidate shares the Electoral College invariably exceeds his shares of the popular vote.  The Electoral college requires an apresidental candidate to have transregional appeal.

The residents of the other religions are likely to feel disenfranchised and that their votes does not count and that the new president will have know regard for their interests.  That he is not really there president.  The winner of all methods of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates like as seen in the election of 2012.  They are likely to be the most thoughtful voters on average and that they will have received the most information and attention from the candidate as the most thoughful voter should be the one to decide the election.

The Electoral College restores some weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the senate decreed in the constituion.  Having the electoral College avoids the problem of electiong in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast.  It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potental voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state, Democrats in Texas for example or Republicans in California.

Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee and is rarely betrayed, however it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote than Bush yet fewer electoral votes.  As some would say the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational.  The best arguments in favor of it are most likely assertions without much basis in reality.     