There are many ways to learn new things, through experience, being taught, and a multitude of other ways to obtain new information. School is the perfect place to learn new things from teachers that have extensive experience in their specific area of expertise. It is the teacher's and administration's job to help provide a well-rounded education for their students and part of that is assigning work that the students do not want to do. Summer projects are important so the students continue to use their brain and learn how to retain information. Teachers should design the projects because they know the material, have experience making lessons and projects, and the obvious fact that if it was student designed then the work would be almost non-existent.

Teachers have the education and knowledge about their class subjects; therefore, they know the material required by the curriculum for what is needed to be taught. In order to become a teacher, one has to go to college and earn a degree along with a teaching license and certification. Years of studying and mastering the material provides them with the tools needed to teach their students the subject. Students go to school in order to learn. If they do not know the material, how do they have any qualifications to design a project that would make sure that they learned everything required by the school district, state, or country? People go to school in order to become teachers because they want to help their students learn and grow. Not only is it the subject the teachers are teaching to them, but life skills and tools they can use in the future. If all the work that the students did was up to them, they would lack important skills like researching and communication that could help them in internships and the work world.

Students learn better from different ways and as a teacher, they have to be able to provide multiple ways to present information that makes sense to their students. Charts, flip charts, and simulations are all used by most teachers to show information that is important. In the summer, students aren't going to want to do homework regardless but if the project is set up with clear and concise directions, it makes the work seem less daunting otherwise. For example, if a student had planned a project, the project would only make sense to them because they are responsible for planning it out and the steps needed. When that transfers onto paper, other students won't know what is happening in the brain of the student who created it and will be confused.

In high school, students tend to do the bare minimum. If students were given the opportunity to create their own summer assignment, it would most likely end up being under 5 questions with minimal work needed to be done in order to complete it. This does not help the students in any way, shape, or form. Teenagers look for the quick and easy results that aren't as available as they think in the real world. The point of high school is to prepare you for college. If the work you do in high school is easy and not challenging there is a greater risk for those students to struggle more in college with the huge increase in course work. There are some students who crave the challenge and look for the ability to better themselves.

If they had the opportunity to create their own project it would be beneficial to them because they are willing to put in the work. Teachers can't trust that all students are like that though because each kid is different and most likely, when given the chance, the student will take the day to go to the pool rather than sit at home and do their own research about Stem Cell research.

Education, is in the hands of each individual and what they choose to make of it is up to them, but teachers should be there to guide and educate their students into making the right choices with their education. Although at the time, their students might respond to the summer assignment with a groan, it is in their best interest to do the work assigned to them by their teacher. Summer projects should be created by their teachers instead of themselves because teachers know what is important and they know what tools and resources to use in order to learn something new. Students have to realize that teachers want what is best for them and want them to be able to succeed in life.