In "The challenge of the Exploring Venus" it shows alot of the good and bad of studies that will help us understand why the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The article stated that it is one of the brightest point of light in the sky.

Vince is the 2rd closest plant to the sun which meaning 800 degrees fahrenheit and the presseure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet.

170 degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth, although Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system even though Mercury is closer to our sun, if humans lived there ther could be a chance of additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and freqent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. Otherwise the planet would still have some efatures that are analogous to those on Earth such like Valleys, mountains,and craters.

Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planetary visit. Asronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may erll once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system and i trust that the astronomers would say that because we still think that Mar would be our planetary visit. Although humans have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on the "cloud-draped world" as they call it. They have said that no spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours ,despite its proximity to us and, of course should like a big danger and risk to take, not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. NASA's possibile solution to hostile conditions on the surface Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray.

Researcher cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance, Venus would need to get uo close and personal despite the risks, they are working on innovations that allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus, and some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simlating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. But now they use mechanical computers which were first envisioned in the 1800s and played lots of important roles in the 1940s, by comparison systems that use mechanical parts can be more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.

What i think of all of this is that the author us right to suggest that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit depite the danger and chaos it represents human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. Our travels on Eather and beyond should not be limited by dangers and boubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation as the article stated. The astronomers of today they shall wonder off to make Venus a both safe and scienctifically productive, and the people of todays world would be amazing at all the thing that is happening or what will happened to Venus.