I stand with the makeing of these cars and the possiblities that come with in our society. The cars would be able to open new doors to health benefits, lowering crash ratios, and much more. The driverless car would be a great achievement in human curisosity and invention. These cars would better many different levels of society if made and used propely.

Drverless can be an innovation within our cumminties and cites. These cars could protect more lives and lower the amount of human recklessness that could be done at the wheel of a regular driven car. If made fully driverless, the amount of intoxicated accidents, killing and pull overs by the police would be lowered substancially. These smart cars could detect when their driver is not keeping a minimal amount of focus on the road and alert them to any dangers that could obstruct their path or cause harm. Only increasing the level of safety and efficencess that it would be used for.

The support of the driverless car ,though at the moment is not completely driverless, could keep many citizens safe and out of harm. The public eye sees these cars of dangerous because they do not wish to relinqiush their right of control over to the car and also they do not know what would replace the fun of driving in its stead. The makers have a few ideas on how to make the trip fun, but still lawmakers are trying to decide whether to trust that these cars are really that safe and how big their laws would ned to change for traffic, and the last big question who will take the blame for a crash that may happen. The safety issues are slowly being proven to the lawmakers on that it may be a better option then regular cars, but the other previously said descions have yet to be acted upon, except for its questioning.

I do believe driverless cars if thought through and corrected for mistakes can become a valuable asset to modern day community. These cars could lead to a increase in driving, and traveling for families and could also lead to the question of what can we do with this technology now? I feel that these questions are a very good thing in the advanceing technology of this age and that the still developing cars should not be frowned upon, but seen as a step forward into atoumating our country.