some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from by way of online or video conferening. I think everyone hsa different ideas about offeing this option that stuednts attend classes from by way of online or video conferencing. I am completly disagree with this offer or option. In my oppinion, it is not a good idea to set at home learning and take classes at home and watching videos. This offer and option makes a gap between society, and different clture all humans need to be live together. If all schools excpet this option or offer to take classes at home from by way of online or video that will effect humans nature too,for example, being alone and do not have contact or communcation with people that bring a big change in humans nature. This offer or option to attend classes from by way of online or video conferencing will be another change in some students presonality,for exmple, they will perfer to be alone in any part in daliy life. So,taking classes in school helps students a lot than taking online classes, students learn better in school. personally, I would llike or perfer school classes, not online classes, because, I have experience of online classes, that I had for sometimes, I did not learned anything from thoes online classes or watching videos. I think, school has a especil effect on humans brin. School classes engarage students to try their best in their studies than taking online classes or videos. Another things school classe give this feeling that you leaned something, school classes is helpful you can reach your goal or destination, because, you give more tension to your teachers and studies. Therefore, it not a good idea to offer option for students to attend classes fron by way of online or video conferencing, this offer or option create abstcle or problems for students in life, insteat of helping,this offer or option has bad effect on some part students life,before, offering or option this idea the ministration of education should think about all things and compare all things, the ministration of education should take and ask everyone ideas, for offering or option, may be the majority of people will not like this big change in education filed, with this offer or option their will be change in everything in life, as, I told before, changing in humanes natuer and life, like not commnicate with people, for away from different culture and society,and will perfer to be alone, as I told online calssse and watching videos are not helpful for students , this offer or option not benefcial for students who takes online classes,and taking school classes helpful for stdents, however; attending online classes and watching videos save students time,but, it is not a good idea ,that if the ministration of education offer this for students,as I told my personal,experince of taking online classes did not help me that much,like taking school calsses helpped me, now I am learning better than I had online classes,so, there is a big different between online classes, watching videos, being in school has a especil effect on humans brain, students learn studies well or faster than online classes.