Every summer students are required to complete a project to ensure learning is being accomplished. Some say that these projects should be teacher-designed others say they should be student-designed. A high school student once stated that " a project over the summer sounds boring ". Others must think how can one make a project during summer fun if its teacher-designed? Summer projects should be student-designed because it makes each student want to be creative, enthusiastic, and have better learning opportunities.

Critics say that summer projects should be teacher designed because it keeps the student following a stricted guideline. Although following a specific guild line ensures the student will complete the required task thoroughly, it forbids the act of joy. Students are already in school for ten months of the year following a stricted guideline in how to complete a certain assignment, if schools assign a teacher-designed project over the summer it would feel as if they are coming in the way of students summer break. If this project is teacher-designed it would also show students that schools are more biased towards their opinions.

Summer projects should be student-designed because it makes the student want to be more creative with their assignment. A student would show creativity by choosing the colors they like or making it into something that shows significance to them. This would give the project more depth and meaning rather than a simple teacher-designed assignment. Creativity is important in a student's life because it helps speak what is on their mind and generate from there. Completing a regular teacher-designed project would restrict the idea of building from your life and experience.

During the summer students minds are not focused on school, giving students the ability to design their project would make them enthusiastic towards completing it. On a usual school assignment students wait till the last minute and stress about what to and how to do it, with being able to design your project there would be less procrastination and more completion. With student-design projects each student has more options in what they can create, making them look forward to completing the task with excitement. Most school assignments don't entertain students while accomplishing them, if schools let students design their summer project they can make it fun. For an example, a group of students can plan on working on this project together and be enthusiastic because their options are open and would also give them the ability to help each other with new ideas.

Lastly, summer projects should be student-designed because it increases better learning opportunities. If students have the ability to design their own project they would be choosing what they have to do the research on. This would increase learning because it would interest an individual student and make them want to gain more knowledge about a specific topic. Another way learning opportunities are increased because after the completion of this project, teachers could asses the student on proving that they actually learned over the break. This would also benefit the teacher in learning something new.

In conclusion, summer projects should be student-designed because it promotes creativity, makes it enthusiastic, and increases knowledge. Completing a creative, enthusiastic, and knowledgeable project over the summer sounds far more entertaining than a teacher-designed project. With creativity you can make the project interesting, with enthusiasm you can make the project fun, and with knowledge you can never have enough. Students would have an entertaining and educating summer all in one.         