The author of this work is in favor of taking on the great challenge of landing a "rover" on Venus for research and exploration. Venus has many extreme conditions that the earth does not have to endure. The author presented many "solutions" to these problems. Although plausible, the creations would be impractical and would not produce ensured results. The author's support for the idea of exploring Venus is mediocre at best.

Being the second-closest planet to the sun provides for some nearly impossible conditions for human exploration. With Sulfuric Acid in Venus' atmosphere, and surface temperatures being over 425 degrees Celcius (about 700 K or 800 F) , the likelyhood of humans on Venus is nearly nonexistent to begin with. To combat the hot temperatures and the acidic atmosphere, NASA proposed the idea of a "blimp" that floats above the planet's shell. Although the blimp could survive high in the air, the practicality of if is not present. Having a blimp that cannot touch the planet is not going to help scientific research at all. While being above the clouds of Venus, it is impossible to see the surface with human eyes. Seeing the surface would require technology that uses light from the electromagnetic spectrum with a high frequency and short wavelength. It is also impossible to collect rock samples from the planet for soil examination. This idea would not be beneficial enough for the risk of investing a lot of time and money.

An additional idea that was brought up by the author was "Silicon electronics." Siliscon electronics would be resistent to the harsh conditions on the planet-- for a while. The systems would run for about a month before total failure. these silicon systems are very expensive to bein with and are still in the development phase here on earth. Creating enough silicon circuits to power a rover or vehicle would take years to manufacture. And by the point of satisfactory innovation for silicon electronics, a new product may have been presented.

Lastly, a "cave-man" idea of mechanical computers came into play. These basic forms of work require no fragile electronics at all. Using gears, levers, pulleys, and ramrods, corporations have been able to create many devices. When made out of an acid-resistent substance that can withstand high pressure, a mechanical machine may work. The only problem with a mechanical machine is that once on the planet, sure it can do work, but it would be unable to transmit and data findings back to a receiver on a ship or earth. There would be a point where some sort of electronics would be needed. And as of right now, there is not an effective enough invention that could put humans on Venus to live and research.

The author of this article is trying to push a principle that is not fully developed yet. The reasons that were provided may work after many years of design and development, but right now, none are practical. A combination of the three presented ideas may actually work the best. Use a blimp to float above the planet, tie a cable to the blimp that connects is with machanical machinery, and use silicon electronics to transmit the findings. Damage could be repaired by raising the equipment back up to the blimp. Innovation does not come easy for those who are in charge of it, but ideas like this are needed in providing an answer for a difficult question.

Overall, the author's arguments do not satisfy the overall risk and reward stakes. After more time passes, maybe he will write another article depicting what will work for sure. The support was not presented in a way that was convincing enough to dive right in to this new frontier of space.  