intro and hook and thesis body body body conclusion restating thesis prompt is expository

From the minute we are born we are taught to always talk to a parent or guardian if we have an issue. But there are so many other people you could go to that would save you so much time and effort and they would give the exact same response as your parents. I believe you should always go to a separate opinion from that of your parental guardian and what you will find when you do so, is these other sources can teach you a lot more than your family and they have different experiences from those of your parents. your parents will always want the best and nothing more from you but think to yourself, "do my parents really care about my issue or are they just trying to make me feel better about the problem at hand. So when you are done talking to your parents your decision is not made any easier, truthfully it's become a lot more challenging. Because you have been told what you expected them to say it's not helpful and you are disappointed.

I believe a great reason for going to another opinion for help is the fact that they won't sugarcoat the truth from you. They may not know you as well as your parents do and it could ultimately benefit you to hear the hard truth about the matter at hand. When you get constructive criticism from a peer it allows you to do a self evaluation on your problems and the different solutions you could use to solve your problems. That peer will always want the best out of you because it may be a close friend and they will understand you a bit better and they will always tell you your problem and try to help you understand what is wrong and what you should do. When you go to a second opinion you have to look back and think if you held back anything when you were talking to them, and if you didnt than you should expect them not to hold any of their emotions or feelings about the problem to you.

Another good reason for you to go seek a second opinion is that, they will always want to listen and seek understanding about your problems. If you are talking to family member they may not care about your problems or say something along the lines of "oh honey it's ok you will be fine" and them saying that is not fine and you should never be satisfied with that answer from anyone. Your friend or close peer, like a teacher or coach will want to understand your issue and they want to help you at all costs because they know that your a good kid and they never want to see you down,moody or upset ever. Your coaches put you through struggle and so do you teachers so they know you can handle the hard moments in life and want to always help you, so you can make the right decision. whenever you hear a question in class you want to seek understanding about the question so you can answer it the next time someone asks. The issue hear is very similar to that and when you have a problem or issue that you believe needs a second opinion they will always be willing to listen. That way they can ultimately impact your decision for the better and you will be so relieved and you will ask yourself why you didn't go to them earlier

I believe that when you go to an alternative opinion about a concern they can show you a different perspective of the situation at hand. Which then helps you become a better problem solver in general and having that skill can make some of the tough decision seem very easy. The moment your eyes become fully opened to the different outcomes of what you could say or do based on a simple decision. You start to almost think more logically when you are given the task of answering the hard questions about yourself and you realize that all the decisions you make, impacts you and only you so don't worry about someone else when making a decision about your livelihood. This will ultimately always end up as a better decision because you took the time to hear another way of solving the issue and you can factor that into your decision making and how you will handle the problem you needed to get advice about.

I personally have always believed in the idea of going to a second opinion about an issue and I always want to help people with their problems just like they help me with mine. You should never discredit your parent or guardians opinion because they could ultimately be correct when it's all said and done. However the minute you start only listening to your parents is the minute when your friends lose trust in you, and you lose trust in them. Remember that whenever a conflict is resolved or your problem is fixed you always have to credit someone for helping you with your problem and if that person is someone other than your parents than you have learned that your peers may be less experienced but they could be just as wise and just as intelligent as your parent or guardian. Finally when you make your ultimate decision based on the advice you were given you are very well informed and you can learn the different perspectives and different lessons that can be taught by different people and you come out of the experience so much wiser and smarter than you ever were before. That is why I believe going to a second opinion is beneficial towards your decision making and ultimately will help you in the long run with whatever issues arise.