Can seeking multiple opinions help someone make a better choice?

Do you want your advice to help you make the best choice? When people ask for advice, they tend to ask more than one person because they want to make the better choice for themselves. People who want to make the best choice look for credibility, different ideas, and different views, and they do this by asking many different kinds of people from young to old, people from different countries, and more. They want as much opinions as possible so they can narrow it down to one idea that will help them make the best choice. For example, a student might be researching about the Civil War for their history paper. They might ask their history teacher for ideas because their teacher happens to be history major. The student decides to ask their parents about their views and ideas and it just so happens that they are both professors with a PhD in history. The student gathers all the opinions they got and writes the paper and gets an A. The student knew they were going to pass because they asked people who were experts on history, and listened to their different views and ideas. Therefore, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because of credibility, people have different ideas, and people have different views.

First of all, people seek multiple opinions in order to make a better choice because of credibility. Everybody wants their advice to be credible and not bogus, so they seek out different websites, books, and people. If a person was having an argument and says that Alexander Hamilton was the best Founding Father and wanted to know more about him, they might go watch the musical,

Hamilton . That is just one source, so they decide to read a biography about him. The person decides to go on History. com to research more about the Founding Father, and even visits New York City, the place where Hamilton lived most of his life. The person decides that that is enough information and is satisfied with what they have learned. They know all the information is credible because of all the primary and secondary sources they have used and declares that Alexander Hamilton was the best Founding Father. Credibility is really important when it comes to making a decision and can be difficult when there are many different sources to choose from. Therefore, people seek multiple opinions in order to make a better choice because of credibility.

Moreover, people seek multiple opinions in order to make a better choice because people have different ideas. People have different ideas when it comes to almost everything, for example, an art project, which song to perform, which restaurant to go to, and more. If an artist wanted to paint a mural, they would ask other artists for their opinions and what type of message they should go for. One artist might suggest to use vibrant colors, while another might suggest dark colors. One artist might suggest to spread the message on a humanitarian crisis, while another might suggest to spread the message on powerful women. The artist painting the mural decides to go for vibrant colors and to spread the message on powerful women to make it stand out and let people be informed. Getting different ideas from other people is useful when it comes to making a choice when ideas are not coming to mind. Therefore, people seek multiple opinions in order to make a better choice because people have different ideas.

Overall, people seek multiple opinions in order to make a better choice because people have different views. People have many types of different views when it comes to their favorite subject at school, their favorite genre of music, politics, and more. Politics, for instance, has people raging with which candidate and platform they think is the best, or they attend protests to support women's rights and to spread word about climate change. According to a recent survey, 95% of students at Generic_School think that everyone should be treated equally. Not everyone at Generic_School has the same views when it comes to equality, politics, or any sort of matter, so when a student wants different views on a certain topic, they might ask their peers. Another student might want to know more about a candidate running for president, so they ask people from different parties, goes to the candidate's website, and researches more about their platform. The student decides which candidate is the best after researching hearing about others' views. Hearing different views from people is a good way to make the final choice. Therefore, people seek multiple opinions in order to make a better choice because people have different of views.

In conclusion, making a choice is difficult than it already is, and making the best choice does not seem like it is any more luxurious. Some people might be able to decisions at the speed of light without getting any opinions, while others might need some more opinions in order to make their decision. Life is all about making choices everyday and people have to accept the results that come out of it. Some people might be more carefree about it, while others might need to think more before they make a choice. Wanting to make the best choice is not selfish at all and is just a part of life. Wanting the credibility, different ideas and views from people is just another way of making the best choice. Therefore, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because of credibility, people have different ideas, and people have different views.