Dear Reader,

Good Afternoon, You may know me as Dr. Ema R. I'm Head Scientist down at NASA. So today I'm going to tell you about the 'Face on Mars' some people think its just a funky looking rock. Well my friends they are wrong. Now your going to move on to my studying and research I have done to find out what it is and I'm pretty sure I found the right answer.

The 'Face on Mars' was found by us NASA, in 1976. It got very popular over the years then. By popular I mean appearing in a Hollywood film, books, magazines, radio, and even talk shows. Now, I know what your thinking. What was so popular about a landform on a planet other than ours? Well first, its not a landform, and second lets be completly honest here, if you were looking through a telescope and saw a face in the sky what would you do? You wouldn't shake it off and go to bed. At least I wouldn't, I would be showing it to everyone and try to turn it into NASA because you would be a hero for maybe finding life on another planet.

What I think about this 'Face' is very important to the people that work with me in the lab. When they find something they bring it to me and see my opion so they can go look to see if I'm right, I mean I always am. Anyways, I would like to share with everyone here aboout my opionon on this, when the lab workers first came and told me about it I thought that they were nuts, like really a face in the sky guys? Until, one night I was working late in the lab trying to find out what this whole thing is about so I went out to the sky room to look through the telescope. I was zooming until I found Mars, I was searching through the planet and saw the 'Face' and it indeed looked like a face. I searched for more, then thats when I put my research to work.

During that time of reasearch I found out a lot of things. In my lab I didn't do much work on Mars itself It was mainly, Saturn and Jupiter. The work I did on Mars made me think that we aren't the only planet with life. This 'Face' isn't a landform, its a lifeform. Thats when my research was finished and I talked to my boss about what I thought, he told me to anouce it to my lab crew and see what else we could find out. I made my lab crew stay after hours to see if we could possibly find more lifeforms. Let me tell you a few more things, the reason I thought it was a lifeform is thats what all the faces on Mars, if there is life, look like. When life on Mars dies they will bury them like we do.

Also, the way this 'Face' appeared there when it was buried. It got buried there forever ago and now the skull is popping up. So now the Space crew turned the Mars rover into an investagator if thats what you want to call it. The leaders would put it into motion and try to find more life forms or signs of life. Maybe these forms there, don't need to live with water and oxygen like we do they may just have to live off of sunlight or dirt maybe something crazy like that. NASA will one day find more evidence of lights on other planets.

I would like to thank you for reading my article, please if you think you have information about the 'Face' or other planets, contact us NASA on our website, www. NASA.com which also has an info hotline for you to learn more, and our Captains email. Thank You, once again.

Sincerely,

Dr. Ema R.

NASA (National American Space Association)