Everyone has an opinion, some are helpful, yet others just are going to make your life worse. You might ask why anyone would care about someone else's opinion, well it's hard to answer that question. You see, having multiple opinions can help limit the bias from the first opinion you received. Thus, why wouldn't you want to have multiple opinions, well it's quite simple, it's because people in our world are too scared to ask for others opinion or their advice. When asking for advice you are receiving wisdom, this wisdom can guide you to many great things, or it could lead you to absolute disaster. You will be guided into doing the wrong things in your life however you could stop all of that with a bit of advice. Having an opinion from one person can be very helpful, but just imagine if you could see both sides of your problem, thus leading you to obtain enough information on your problem and make the right choice. Seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice because wisdom from those around you is helpful, it will help limit bias, and two opinions is always better than one.

Bias, bias is a thing no one should want in the opinions they are receiving. It is never a good choice to make to accept a biased opinion as a truth. Staying away from a biased opinion will benefit in so many unbelievable ways one could be eliminating the untruthful opinions from your life. It can be very unhelpful as well, these biased opinions could lead you down a road you should not go down. You can have a very bright future awaiting for you, but the one bias opinion you listen to can and will destroy your life. You might ask how could it destroy your life in an instant, well people will look at you differently based off the one bad biased opinion you listened to, and building that former life you previously had will virtually be impossible. Avoiding the bias will help you make better choices in your life. If and only if you eliminate bias opinions from your life will you become successful and have a bright future ahead of you. There is always a bright future awaiting for everyone only if you make the right choices will you be able to achieve that bright future.

Wisdom is one of the most important things you will ever receive. Wisdom can be received or given by anyone such as your peers and elders. Everyone you meet will always have a choice to make therefore for every choice you have to make daily will effect your life forever. Some however will not be as big as others deciding what you will have fir dinner is no where as big of a decision as what you will do when your house burns down or you lose your job. Wisdom is extremely helpful because it will help you make the right choices however sometimes you will make the wrong choice. That is when those closes to you will be there for you in your times of need. Making the right choices will be very hard, yet you will always have some take aways of past knowledge of the event to help you make the right choices. Now understanding whos wisdom to listen to is up to you although your parents and your grandparents could be great places to start. These days all you here about is how others around you have the best life ever and that they've made the best choices possible however they will never share to you the wrong choice they have made. Therefore, wouldn't you want to be able to make the right choices ,well wisdom from others is a great place to start.

Having one opinion could be good, but could have bias however having multiple opinions will be even better. It you have two opinions you will be able to see both sides of the problem therefore making it easier to for you to make the right choice. Having only one opinion is definitely worse than having multiple because you are unable to have the option to see the other side. The one opinion could lead you into making some wrong choices, yet have multiple will lead to make some of the better choices that you could have made. Having the most opinions possible could change your life for the better, and possibly make your life easier. Although, receiving multiple opinions could sound easy it is quite difficult, due to the fact that nit everyone is going to want to help you. Some people in our world will not want you to succeed. However one opinion is worse than having multiple because you are unable to see everything that could be harmful towards you.

Obtaining multiple opinions for your problem is helpful for making the right choice because personal experience or wisdom is helpful, helps take away biased opinions, and multiple opinions from others is always better than one opinion. Who would care about others opinions, finding the answer will be almost impossible. Multiple opinions can limit the bias you have previously been given. Why would you even want to obtain opinions from others if they are all bad, well that's not true, opinions from others can be good for you to listen to. Wisdom form others should be a big part in the choices you make. However, you will have to be sure that they persons' opinion you are listening is trying to help you. Opinions come in two forms good and bad however you must do everything in your power to only listen to the good and not harmful opinions.