Dear Principle,

Community service is a great way to help today's communities, and also a way to meet new people. However, not all people would want to do this. I personally think that community service is a volunteer job and that people of the community should do it at their own free will. Depending on what type of services the students would provide would vary the response in enthusiasm. My opinion to community service would be that every one needs to do their share in helping.

Most students are very compatible and can be convinced to do something that might not sound fun or appealing at all; but when it comes to adults putting in their share, they normally don't have the time to do so when they have work. I think its up to the youth of today to keep our communities in good shape. Maybe after school programs where students and friends could get together and have fun either cleaning up or help younger children or elders. Snacks and trips could be given and make community service less than a job and more of a hobby.

Requiring students to do community service would get things done faster and more efficiently rather than asking them to do it on their own time. For example, if you ask a random student, "Would you like to help me pick up trash?" they are most likely to say they have something better to do. If they were told they have to, it would get done and if you added something that is entertaining to that person they are more likely to come back and help again.

Community service can be done by any age group. Taking a group of 7-8 year olds to a park to pick up trash would be one of the simple was to teach the younger age group that their a part of this community. Later they can go play on that playground and enjoy themselves. 10-15 year olds could help teach the younger group or head out with their friends and help out at the schools, any age higher could do the same.

There are many ways to help, and many people to do the job enforcing students to do that job would be an complete positive to our community. I think when i get a chance i will do community service within my neighborhood and with my friends. The smallest of jobs can make a big impact.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME