Do you remember a time or moment when you where having trouble making a decision for yourself and sought for advice? I'm sure we all have done that. When we don't know what to do we often ask people for their opinion and ask what they would do in these type of situations. Once, i had no idea if i should take an instrumental class or an art class. I gathered different opinions in order to make a decision which helped me a lot! Multiple opinions make us feel more secure about a decision we make. We also get different point of views and feedback. In some cases, you even get opinions from personal experiences.

When it comes to indecisive decisions, i tend to ask other people what they think and what they would do. When i was younger, i had two options of either joining a soccer team or learn how to play guitar. I was really into soccer but i've always wanted to learn how to play the guitar. This was obviously a very hard decision and i kept going back and forth about what i should choose. I ended up asking my cousins for their opinions. Most of them said i should learn guitar since i'd be learning something new instead of playing soccer which i had already knew how to play. I quickly made my mind and chose guitar lessons and didn't feel any regret when choosing guitar. Opinions make you feel more secure about a decision when you can't decide what to choose. Not only that, opinions gives you so many point of views and feedback.

Often times, when you ask for multiple opinions you get different point of views and feedback. My aunt was having trouble deciding if she should study to become a police officer or a doctor. She asked my parents for opinions and they had different point of views. My father said it'd be better to be a police officer since becoming a doctor takes more time and money but my mother said she thought it would be better to become a doctor since she would be saving lives and when the family needed help in terms of medical reasons, she would know and help us. However, my aunt received many other point of views but it helped her think about an important decision like this more carefully, but this time with more advice and she didn't have to decide blindly. Therefore, the feedback from the opinions she received helped her a lot and ended up studying to become a doctor. Opinions from older people may also help you make important decisions as well.

Younger people like me tend to ask older people for opinions about certain decisions like what classes to take or even what car they should get. The reason is because they are most likely to have a personal experience that they can give us an opinion from. My mother once told me a story about when she was younger and needed to buy a car. Her father knew a lot about cars so she asked him for his opinion. He recommended her multiple cars that don't waste much gasoline fast. This helped her a lot choosing a car that would help her save money and the car she ended up getting lasted a very long time. I often go to my older cousins and friends for opinions related to school. As mentioned in my introduction, there was a moment where i could not decide between an art class or an instrument class as one of my courses for next year. Some of my cousins that are in high school gave me their opinion and told me that they had friends that enjoyed their art classes more than their instrument classes. I was able to talk with their friends and i realized that the art class i wanted to take was the better choice thanks to my cousins friends.

There are many other reasons opinions are so helpful but they help us in ways like making us feel more secure about a decision. They also give us feedback and different point of views. In some cases, opinions are given by personal experiences. Opinions are something you should consider when you're having trouble deciding something. It also helps you get a better understanding and make you feel more safe about decisions for important situations.