Imagine you were forced to work on a topic you hated.

Although it gives the students a chance to slack on the project, i think students should be allowed to design their own projects because it gives them a chance to be creative, it's something positive for them to do, and they will always be learning.

The students have a chance to be creative and have fun with the project. It gives them an opportunity to pick something they really love learning about and it helps the teacher get to know them better.

They're most likely to put a lot more effort into the project. For example, you were just assigned a project and the topic on it was something you absolutely hated you're not going to want to do the project or put much effort in it and you're going to get bored with it.

It's something positive for students to do during the summer. Kids are more likely to get into trouble whether it's because of boredom or they just like it them designing the project will give them something positive to do it'll keep them out of trouble and they'll have fun doing it. For example, one of the students i know likes to ride bikes everywhere even when he isn't allowed to and that gets him in a lot of trouble so one day i took him to the library and we read books and built action figures and he didn't get into any more trouble after that so sometimes all students need is something positive in their life and this project is just the thing they need.

The students will always be learning. Them designing their own project is an amazing idea because it gives them the chance to be responsible and make desisons on their own. They would have to use their brain to create and complete the project all by themselves. Just because school is out doesn't mean the students stop learning the summer is all about growing and maturing and them creating their own project is a great way to start. For example, one if my close friends won a price for one of her many great projects and she had to give a speech and in her speech she said " This project has made more responsible and has taught me so much about myself and i hope i inspire everyone to go out and be creative."

In conclusion, This project is exactly what students need it helps them be creative, it gives them something positive to do, and they're always learning!