The Electoral College is point less. If the govenment wanted us to vote on the president then why have a college that does that for us? The Electoral College needs to be abolished, so that the peolpe of the U.S.A can vote on the president for real. People want a derect vote not just to sit and watched the peoson that they voted for not get elected becuase of a College that has all the "power".

It makes no sence that we vote for people that vote for us. If I wanted to do it like that i would move to Canada. insted of letting people having the right to vote they get to watch someone vote for them. In the early Amrican history we needed it but now we do not. You see now we have TVs and smart phones. We are feed information every second of our lives. The news is on every street corner. People in the Electoral cCollege sometimes go rouge and vote for the other party. Back in the 1960's Kennedy almost was not elected because of one state that state Louisiana.

You could argue that it takes time out of the election or that it helps Amricans. Our country prides it self on one thing freedom. Then we dont have the right to vote derectly on the peorson we want. So how in the world does that help us? People make up lies and stats all the tiime to get where they want but the never do good. Let me put it this way would you like someone taking care of your faimly whale your away driving your car, kissing your wife making the dissions then when you get back you act like it does not happen? No you would probable freak out yeah. You spend years makeing these system and trying to let the people be what they want but systums like these do not help on any level.

People in every state vote. Somemore than others. They vote for there party most of the time but when you have people that make big name dission fot the people it takes the power a way from us. I watched a very moving movie last night about a man who survided his contry by being a soldier and his comrads gave there lives for this freedom. They want this country to have all the rights for all the people. Not just Ellectors. It affectall of us people get cheated and scandaled out of money from politics all the time this one way that they do it.

States like California have 55 representitives they could throw the vote them selves just by sending all of one party group. that could ruin a vote and a election. We need to stop the Ellctoral college form making more mistakes. We need to have derect voting.    