Do you use your cell phone while driving? More than half of car accidents that occur are caused by drivers who use their cell phone while driving. Maybe you should think twice about using it while you are driving. Drivers that put a hand on a cell phone while driving can cause them to get distracted and cause an accident. The car accident can lead up to taking a human's life. Even if the accident is not big it still could have been prevented by not using your cell phone.

Car accidents are one of the main things that are caused by drivers who use their cell phones but it's not the only things that gets caused by using your phone while you're driving. Sometimes you might pull your phone out at a red light but you don't realize the light has turned green which means you're causing traffic. Traffic is something mostly every driver hates. What if the person behind you has somewhere important to be but thanks to you you're holding them back because you got distracted with your phone? If someone is calling you and you have your phone in your purse or somewhere else in the car you're going to get distracted trying to pull it out of where you have it. If you have Bluetooth on your car you should connect it so it's easier to answer the call without having to try pull your phone out of where it's at. If you do not have Bluetooth, you should try putting your phone on do not disturb so that way you won't have the temptation to want to pull it out. Maybe even fully shut it down or just turn the sound off.

Every day, every hour, every minute as we continue with our life's a car accident occurs due to someone using their phone. Using your cell phone while driving is a big no. Phone calls are not the only thing that get you distracted while driving but you got to remember your social medias are blowing up which means you're getting a notification every here and there. Just knowing your friends texted you or someone posted / sent you something you'll most likely want to take a quick little glance at your phone but then that's going to want to make you use it for even longer which gets you distracted. Maybe you don't like what's on the radio so you want to use your aux to you can put a song you actually like if this does occur just wait till you're at red light but as soon as you're done doing that put it away you don't want to cause traffic. All of these things are ways your cell phone can get you distracted.

Stop using your cell phones while the car is on drive. Think about the people who are walking around you and driving around you. What if there's a baby in the car? Let's say you get in an accident you just hit someone's family think about what if that was your family who just got injured because you decided to pull out your phone, because you got distracted liking someone's new Instagram post, because you just had to take a selfie for snapchat. All of that could have waited till you got to your destination. Stop letting these little things get to you. Now think about it was pulling your phone really worth it now you just hurt not only the family but yourself, your car is all distorted. Everything that just happened could have been stopped if you only would have waited and not let your phone distract you.

Some people never realize how much a cell phone can actually cause. This because some people never stop and think about their actions. Yes, your cell phone might be small but the impacts it can cause are huge. Next time you want to pull your cell phone out wait till you get to your destination because a phone call or message is not more important than your own life. If someone important is calling your or texting just tell them, you were driving and they should be able to understand that.

A picture, song, video, etc. is not worth you getting yourself hurt or hurting someone else is not worth or even making some have a bad because you made them get stuck in traffic. Maybe you didn't even hurt yourself but you did hurt someone else just because you're ok doesn't mean you couldn't have hurt someone else bad. You need to get use to not having the urge to pull out your phone every time you get a notification. If you an emergency and you just have to use your phone pull over and park somewhere just don't pull it out and think you can multitask we you know you got to pay 100% attention to the road.         