I think students would benefit doing school at home many kids maybe going through problems at home and could just be tired or maybe just annoyed of to much problems. Students working from home is good for kids that could be getting buliud either they speack up but dont see a change, having problems with adults here at school that don't really help much but just bring the student down, or maybe just being an anti socicl person. Online school is something really seroius to look into if tyour dealing with problems at home having so much stress in you and cant deal with more stress of school, or you just simply need to work to help out your family it could be a chance they need money but cant get enough to get bills paid and need help in paying them,maybe you dont really have time in showing up to school. I think online school is a good choice for many students that could have problems at school and not seeing a change. Students wouldn't have to get up so early in the morning having to look presentable or anything just having to have a good schealue that works good for both work and school. Both online work or video conferencing are good for kids that have their ways in learning like as in having videos chat with a teachers. Students can be fast learners just by reading insturstions they got it memorized and having the work ready in less than an hour. Others students are more to a visiual learners that have to see work getting it explaned to many time for them to undersatnd the work some students are slower than others. Online school would be the best choice to many students that just have it the ruff way and not easy. Other reason is because many kids get sick really easliy and its better to keep those kids away from others in getting sick. Online schools can really make a big change in kids that are just not ready have more stress in them and wouldnt have to deal with more problems with parents or maybe getting bullied. Oline schools would make a big change in those kids lifes in a positive way. 