In my own opinion I think that it is a bad idea to explore the habitat and enviroment of venus because the conditions just seem to unbareable but the author do make some good points on why we should explore it a little more. One reason the author wants to pursuit exploring venus is becasue it's the second planet from the sun and really close to earth its often referred to as Earth "twin". Long ago like hundreds or even millions of years ago venus have beeen the most earth like planet in our solar system. Venus have many and multiple things that are similar to earth for instance venus have rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys mountains and craters. I think the author have a good reason to keep studying venus it is earth like with all the similar features besided from the high carbon dioxide and extreme storms and weather temperatures.

Humans have sent numerouse spacecraft to land on venus but none have survived for more than a few hours. Every since then not a single spacecraft have touched down on venus since more than three decades. Venus have a thick atmosphere of almost ninety-seven percent carbon dioxide. Venus temperatures is really extreme the temperature average eight hundred degrees on a regular. The pressure and atmosphere is ninety times greater then earth's atmosphere.

Venus has the hottest temperature of any planet in our solar system even though mercury is closest to the sun. This reason being is because of the weather conditions venus have erupting like valcanoes powerful earthquakes and frequent lighting strikes that hits the surface. These conditions are far extreme then anything on earth. The conditions on venus could crush a submarine accustomed for diving to the deepest parts of our ocean. But still NASA is trying to figure out a way to send scientist to venus so they can study the palnet more.

Scientist say that venus could have been covered in with largely oceans and had life forms on its planet similar to earth. they say this because venus still have some features that are analogous to thoes on earth. They say that sometimes venus can be our nearest option for a planetary visit. Scientist is making a blimp like craft so that can float thirty miles above venus to study it better. Scientist wants to find out how much venus is like earth and trying to see if it csn somehow be habital in them extreme conditions.

The only problem with everything thats going is that being above and studing the planet give you limited insight on the ground to see whats going on. More importantly researchers cannot researchsample of rock, gas or anything else from that distance in the air. NASA is making electronic