The author suggests that studying Venus is important for a few reasons. The first of which is that Venus is one of the most Earth like planets in our solar system. The second one is Venus could have once been able to be compatable for life. Another thing that the author brings up is that Venus has powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes. The final reason is that the author brings up the challenges that NASA is facing in trying to get to Venus. What the author is getting to is that when we finally figure out how to get to Venus this could help us get to other planets as well. That is why I think that the author wants us to study Venus.

The first of which that the author brings up is the fact that Venus is the most Earth like planet in our solar system. Venus has a rocky surface similar to that of Earth's. It also has valleys, mountain, and craters all of this is similar to that of Earth's and can be used to maybe help us more understand out planet. Another thing that the author brings up is that Venus is similar to Earth is that scientist believe that Venus was once covered largely with oceans. This means that their could have been life on Venus such as plants. Another thing that was brought up was in paragraph three where the author talked about how Venus has powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes this is something that we also share with that is also happening here on Earth. If we could go to Venus and study all of that it could help us understand how to know farther ahead of time when we may have a a earthquake. The final thing that the author talks about is all of the challenges that we will face trying to get humans on the ground on Venus. The troubles that we face is the atmosphere and the pressure. These challenges make it almost impossibe for humans to withstand becase the pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience here on Earth. So what the author is getting at is that if we are able to get through all of these challenges and get boots on the ground on Venus, it would mean that when we are to explore or study another planet we can overcome these challenges much faster.

So that is why I think that the author wants us to explore Venus. The first reason being Venus is one of the most Earth like planets in our solar system. The second one being that Venus was once able to be compatable for life. Third is that Venus experiences earthquakes and lightning striks just like Earth does. Finally the last thing that the author brings up is that going to Venus could help us travel to other planets with knowledge on how we can overcome the challenges from Venus. That is why I think that the author wants NASA to study Venus farther and learn more about it.