The near future holds numerous inventions that have seemed to be impossible.

Ideas that were once dreams have now become reality.

Driverless cars are just one of these various inventions.

Coming in the next few years, driverless cars offer a safer, smarter, and more effective way to travel.

Driverless cars promise highly-advanded technology to provide safety and security for the passangers while allowing the human driver to ultimately remain in control.

The driverless car is a smarter car that requires advanced technology in order to drive successfully.

Some pieces of equipment include a video camera, a GPS receiver, and multiple sensors.

The most important part of the driverless car is the spinning sensor located on the roof.

By using laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model, this sensor allows the car to recognize its surroundings.

These sensors will also detect and respond to unexpected dangers such as rollovers or skids.

A driverless car is safer and more efficient.

With all of the driverless car's sensors and alerts, it is able to detect the situtation around it.

The car will be able to sense other cars, pedestrians, and landscape obastacles.

The driverless car will also be able to handle road situations better than a human would.

Since 2009, the driverless cars have been able to navigate over half a million miles without a crash.

Along with the car's safety, it is also more efficient than a normal car.

The driverless car would use half the fuel of today's taxis and allow more flexibility than a bus, making them the ideal mode of transport.

Even though it is driverless, the car also requires human control.

The driverless car will be able to steer, break, and accelerate on its own, but it will alert the driver when the situation requires.

The human driver must take over in situations such as navigating construction zones or accidents.

Even though the car is not completely self-driving, it allows for the human driver to ultimately remain in control of the situation.

With the driverless car's ability to analyze and respond to its surroundings while allowing human control, it will be the safest and most efficient car of the future.

The new-age technology provided in the driverless cars will make for a smarter car with the ability to be aware of the road, cars, and people, as well as any trouble that happens unexpectedly.

This technology also creates a safer drive while being efficient to the passengers and the environment.

With all of these self-driving features, the human driver will feel in control when navigating the required situations.

All of these technological advancements lead to a promising future of driverless cars everywhere.