Dear State Senator, I strongly believe that changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United State. Changing the election may increase the hopes for more people to vote. From the passage one of my sources I choose is Source Three called In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner. My second source is Source Two called The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of  the system are wrong  by Bradford Plumer. I believe that sources two and three will get my point across of why changing the election by popular votes for the president of the United States be changed.

To Begin With, Source Three called In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner one of my example for picking this reason is because it tells us how a map shows a breakdown of the number of electoral votes given to each state. Meanwhile, the Electoral College is widely regarded as an anachronism a non-democractiv method of selecting a president. The Elecoral College method is not democratic in modern sense , however, it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. Another example of reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President is the Certainy of Outcomes. In 2000, a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote was possible but, was less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. For example the 2012 election, with Obama received a 61.7 percent of the electoral votes compared to Romney vote 51.3 percent of the popular vote cast. The people should be able to pick there president and so forth. Electrol College dont have nothing to deal with the people on who should be president. The Electoral College stand on there on bases of being part of something that belong in the past not the present and just giving candidates plurality.

So Moving Forward, Source Two called The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of  the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer one of my example for picking this reason is because Richard Nixon, Jimmy, Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, that they all agreed on abolishing the electoral college, and adding that they are not alone, thanks to the quirks of the electoral college winning the popular vote but lost the presidency, over a 60 percent of voters would of perfer a direct election to the kind we have know. Whats wrong with the electoral college? Well, let me tell you under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. Who pick the first electors in the first place? I know the answer to that it depends on the state. Its sometimes the states conventions, the states party central committee, and the presidental candidates themselves. At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair voters because of the winnere take all  system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chances of winning and focus on the tight swings states that they may have a chance in. Its offical the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. This is why the electoral college system is wrong.

To Conclude, State Senator  I strongly believe that if changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United State is due to the people choice and not the Electoral College changing the election may increase the hopes for more people to vote. Source Three that is called In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner, and Source Two called The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of  the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer. I believe that sources two and three will get my point across of why changing the election by popular votes for the president of the United States be changed.                                                                    