When asking for advice, it's better to seek multiple opinions because you could view different perspectives, you might receive better ideas, and you could learn from others opinions and could make better choices next time. For example, if you were working on a project and you didn't seem like you were working fast, someone could give you advice that you could learn from to work more diligently. Another example could be when you were writing an essay but was struggling on your topic and got help from someone for an easier and better topic.

When asking for advice or making a choice, it's better to talk to more than one person so you could view different perspectives. One example was when I was picking sides for a debate and already knew which side I wanted to go to. But luckily, I received a vast amount of reasons from classmates why the other side was better which changed my decision and helped me win the debate. Another example was when I went go-kart racing and kept losing because I thought my vehicle was terrible but it was actually how I was racing. Then, I got fed up and asked my dad what I was doing wrong and he gave me advice which helped me win the next race. My third example was when I was little and always thought that everything on the internet was true. I realized I was wrong when I was checking my facts and sources for an essay and was told that some of my facts were wrong because their sources were bias and untrustworthy. Lastly, I always viewed that my friend and I was the best duo in beach volleyball and that we'd be first in the nation. I thought this until the time of the tournament that would determine our rank in the nation and saw that there wer so many duos that were extremely good as well. We then ended up placing second in the nation although we were playing even better than we normally played.

You could also receive more outstanding ideas from asking multiple people for advice. For example, I was writing a paper for one of my classes and was struggling due to the topic of my subject. I went and asked my classmates for better topics and one of them had an amazing idea for my topic. I then used it for my essay and received an outstanding grade of one hundred out of one hundred. My second example was when my friend asked me for help on a project he was assigned and was struggling on. I told him an idea that could be great for his project which led to him receiving an A as his grade. My third example was when I needed to help to win a video game competition. I asked my friends and watched videos on great ways and strategies to win this competition and applied what I learned from them to the competition and won first place. Lastly, I was participating in a sports tournament and was doing terrible and asked my coach what I could do to improve. He gave me a few tips and points that I used to win and be the MVP of the tournament.

Lastly, you could learn from people's advice and opinions to make better choices next time. My first example was when I was trying to get work done quickly but didn't know what to do to become more efficient. But luckily, I remembered a time when I faced a similar problem and got help to learn how to work efficiently, so I took what I had learned and applied it to my current situation and worked very efficiently. My second example was when I was playing terrible in a sports tournament and kept fuming and paying even worse as the game progressed. My team took a time out and I remembered how to regain focus and lose your temper by breathing and and forgetting everything in the past. I took what I learned, used it to my advantage, and played exceptionally well for the rest of the tournament. My last example was when I was playing a video game with my friend and I kept losing to him. But thankfully, I recalled a time when I was watched a video on overcoming a situation like this and strategies to win and applied it so he couldn't beat me anymore.

You should always ask for advice and opinions of multiple people to view different perspectives and receive ideas that might be outstanding. Lastly you could learn from their decisions and better yourself for later situations.