In the first paragraph, the first sentence kind of threw me off a little bit, because when you say it like the paragraph did then it makes it sound bad knowing other people emotions. like if I was sad or upset, and I was trying to hide it,

I wouldnt want other people knowing it.

Say I was at a family dinner and something happened, then I wouldn't want the rest of my family knowing that I am upset. Yes, some of the arguments in the article can be good like, " a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." Thats great but honestly I dont think this would be the best thing in the world.

The article asks us "Does your exspression in the mirror suggest an emotion?" Of course it does, just sometimes we may not know what kind of emotion it is. Sometimes you may not be able to tell it on your face but you can definitely feel it.

Other people do not need to know what is wrong with you, rather you are upset, sad, angry or happy. If you have a smile on your face, thats great, the other person thinks your happy even if you arnt. If I want someone knowing what I am feeling, I am going to tell them. I dont just want them or some computer reading my muscles in my face and telling me what emotion I am feeling.

Technology these days are getting to be way to much. Kids don't need to be told by a computer. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor."

What if the computer messes up the facial exspression and does something "different" to try to "help" that kid, but honestly the computer detected the wrong facial exspression and changed the lesson for the kid, when he really understood it.

This is why I dont think this is such a good idea, because sooner or later computers and technology are going to be running the world and later need updated or something and mess evereything up for our upcoming generations.          