The face on Mars is a natural landform. In the article it states"The Face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in April '98-a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet." A lot of people believe it is a natural landform but some people think it was put there. Some people think there is life on Mars. Do you think this face is a natural landform or a sign of life on Mars?

To you this might not be interesting but you will read about it everywhere. In the article it states"The 'face on Mars' has since become a pop icon." The news is everywhere in places you might not expect! I think the scientists are excited about what they found. Did you enjoy hearing all the news about the Face on Mars?

Were you ever reading a book or watching a film and you came across this? The article states" It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows-even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years!" People could just simply sit down to read a magazine and fined this amazing news. Someone could jump in the car just to hear the news that could make your mind race wondering how they found out the news. I wonder how many people were amazed by this news!

In the article it states"Scientists figured it was just another maratian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh."

This states it unually is common around Mars. People think it is just a landform. In the article it says it is hard to find the face. Everyone seemed excited they found the face on Mars!

In the article it states"Some people think the Face is Bona Fide evidence of life on Mars-evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists." People think there is life on Mars. They dont believe that the face is a natural land form. Many people I bet still wonder how it got there. I think this face is a natural landform.

In conclusion some people believe it is natural and some don't. People weren't the only one who thought it was life so did some scientists. The other scientists say it was a normal thing on Mars. Do you think it was life or not? I think the face is just a natural landform to Mars!