People are facinated with the Man on the Moon and the idea of Martians, but most people do not think about life on Venus. Venus is the second planet from the sun and shares many geographical features with Earth. However, studying this planet is made difficult by the dense and toxic atmosphere, high temperatures, and violent weather. Despite this, some people think that Venus should still be explored, and the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" is of this opinion. The idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is well supported by the author as seen through the rewards of studying Venus and the progress that has been made towards studying Venus.

First, the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is well supported by the author as seen through the many rewards of studying Venus. After laying out the dangers of studying Venus, the author explains why scientists continue to study the planet. "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system" (4). By studying Venus, astronomers and geologists can predict what might happen to Earth in the future. Gaining an understanding of Earth's future may well allow scientists to predict what happened in Earth's past. Scientists are eager to learn about the early years of Earth's past, as it is shrouded in mystery, and this thirst for knowledge motivates them to study Venus. In describing how similar Venus was to Earth, the author says, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life" (4). If there was once life on Venus, the similarity between it and Earth would grow. As with geology, if biologists can understand what caused life to cease on Venus, they might be able to predict how life on Venus and on Earth might have started. The author shows that scientists studying Venus reap the reward of being able to learn about Earth's geology and early life. By laying out the various rewards to be had from studying Venus, the author is strengthening his or her argument that Venus should be studied.

Secondly, the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is well supported by the author as seen through the large amount of progress that has been made towards studying Venus. Although the author describes how Venus could be studied from the air, scientists still desire to learn about Venus from the planet's surface. One of their solutions to the problem of getting equipment to last on the surface of Venus is to expirement with new materials. "Simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the choas of Venus's surface and have lasted of three weeks in such conditions" (7). Research and experimentation taking place on Earth is giving scientists and astronauts more options for studying Venus. Although conditions on Venus are not hospitable to life, these new scientific advances are making it possible for data-gathering equipment to be sent to the surface of Venus and last long enough to gather data. Other scientists are moving away from traditional electronics and looking into purely mechanical systems. "Systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces" (7). The alternative that has presented itself to would-be explorers of Venus is older technology, like that found in the earliest computers. Scientists have realized that modern technology is too fragile and that more durable technologies are needed. By turning to other forms of technology, scientists are widening their options for ways to study Venus. The author mentions three different ways that scientists are making progress towards being able to study Venus - from the air, using new materials, and using old technologies. The author's postion that Venus should continue to be studied is supported by the scientific advancements that are serving to make studying Venus a reality.

In conclusion, the author's opinon that Venus should continue to be studied despite the dangers is well supported by the rewards of studying another Earth-like planet and the advancements that have been made towards being able to effectively study Venus. Scientists have strong motivation for studying Venus, and new technologies are making it possible for them to overcome the challenges presented by Venus's harsh terrain. Although scientists studying Venus are unlikely to encounter any life forms, what they do discover will help them to understand Earth's past and shape our future.