The president of the united states is one of the most powerful political leaders in the world and controls the faith of one of the wealthiest countrys on the planet. There have been many discussions on how to elect the president of such a great nation. The Electoral College,  the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. If its worked for over 200 years why change it. The Electoral College provides certainty of outcome and avoids run-off elections and should be kept as the form of election of the U.S. president of our state.

To Begin With, the Electoral College has been used for more than 200 years and our state is fighting for another 200 years of electoral college. In an article by Richard A. Posner called "In Defense Of The Electoral College:Five Reasons To Keep Our Despised Method Of ChoosingThe President" he states "there are...reasons for retainig the Electoral College despite its lack of democratic pedigree: all are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons."  Amongst these reasons one of them is the certainty of outcome and in source 3 paragraph 18 it states that "A dispue over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible-it happened in 2000-but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reasons is that the winning candidates share of the popular vote." Richard Posner is stating that Electoral College is more effective because it causes less trouble and does not need to be disputed unlike popular vote which needs to be disputed because the winning candidiates share of the Electoral college invaribly exceeds his share of the popular vote.

Furthermore, The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. In an article by Richard A. Posner called "In Defense Of The Electoral College:Five Reasons To Keep Our Despised Method Of ChoosingThe President" he says "nixon in 1968 and clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College (301 and 370). There is pressure for run off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; the presidential election process, is reduced by the electoral college, which invaribly produces a clear winner."    