I want others to participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program because it is a fun experience, it helps out animals, and you get to travel to many countries and see the many sights.

The Seagoing Cowboys program is a fun experience in many ways. One way is all the places that you travel to. I have seen many landmarks, such as the Acropolis in Greece, Venice, Italy, and I also have been through the Panama Canal on my way to China. Also it is a fun experience after the animals had to be unloaded, we all played baseball and volleyball games where the animals had been housed. Also there would be table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, and many more fun activities. Those were all some ways we had a fun experience during the program.

Our program also takes care of animals, but that can also be fun in many ways. One way is that it can keep you busy is when you are caring for the animals during crossing. They have to be fed and watered three times a day. What helped me prepare for hard work was when I would help on my Aunt Katie's farm as a boy. Also I would serve as a night watchmen, which meant I had to check on the animals every night. Once I almost died doing that job one rainy night. As you can see, taking care of animals can be hard but also fun here at Seagoing Cowboys program.

My favorite part was traveling to many countries and all the beautiful sights. I have gotten to see Europe and China during our journies. Cattle boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy. I have also toured an excavated castle in Crete, and have been on a gondola ride in Venice, Italy, the city with streets of water. As you can see in the first paragraph, where it also shows I have been to many other places. In conlusion, you can see that traveling a one of the most fun parts of beingin the Seagoing Cowboys program.

Throughout the whole story, you can see that in the Seagoing Cowboys program, it is a fun experience, it helps animals, and you get to travel a whole lot. Those are some of the reasons that I would like others to participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program.          