I argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College. That is the way we did the voting for years and why would you want to change that. The outcome of that might be a disaster because we haven't used the popular vote to decide a president. The first reason why I think we should keep it is because when we vote for the people that represent us they have lots of experiance in the politics area therefore meaning they have a better idea of who would be a better president. They have spent years learning all about politics so the "most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election."(paragraph 20) In paragraph 16 it says "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee.", also meaning that the people we select to represent us is trusted people that will have the same vote as you for the desicion of president.

My second reason of leaving the Electoral College is because if the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise then it should be left alone. Others might say that its a bad idea to have the Electoral College but if thats how the system is set up then it should not be changed because if it does change then maybe everything would be different. Paragraph 15 says "The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner. The advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a mordern sense... it is the electors who elect the president, not the people." therefore going back to my first paragraph that is why you select people that you trust.

My third and final reason for my choosing is that the certainty of outcome is reletivly high. Like in the 2012's election . for example, Obama recieved 31.7 percent of the electoral vote copared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes. Also in that same paragraph (18) it says that because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-ote victory in that state. Mr. State Senator i think it would be best if we just left the Electoral College method alone.             