"A new president, really, How many votes did they win by?" If someone were to ask you this what would you say, thirty electoral votes? The "Winner-Takes-All" system is flawed and needs to be either fixed or completly taken down, and here are two reasons why. First a president should be chosen by the people, seeing our county is a democracy meaning that we elect representatives to rule for us, a popular vote fits the sene a bit more than an electoral vote. Secondly if there was every a tie in the electoral college it would catostropic because intead if being in the peoples hand it be in the representatives hands, aslo known as the ones who already have power.

"At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. because of the winner-takes-all system in each state canidates dont spend time in states they spend no time in stats the know thy wont win." Some states can get no canidates out and its because the electoral college is unfair. "It`s official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best argumants in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments against direct election ar spurios at best. Its hard to say but Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college!" This Quote states that the electoral college is not fair and down right rediculus. You may say since its getting the job done and there has been no ties whats wrong? there are manny thing wrong startign with popular votes can lose to electoral votes, also some states can get on people to come and campagne.

" In 1968 a sift of just 41,971 could have cause a tie in the polls." in this article just that many people and the representatives could have chosen a president and the reason this is bad is because they will get a president that will do what ever they want. "If there were just 5,559 voters in ohio and 3,687 voters in hawaii that went the other way the electoral college would have tied making a representative choose." " in this article just that many people and the representatives could have chosen a president and the reason this is bad is because they will get a president that will do what ever they want.

So to finalize The "Winner-Takes-All" system is flawed and needs to be either fixed or completly taken down, and here are two reasons why. First a president should be chosen by the people, seeing our county is a democracy meaning that we elect representatives to rule for us, a popular vote fits the sene a bit more than an electoral vote. Secondly if there was every a tie in the electoral college it would catostropic because intead if being in the peoples hand it be in the representatives hands, aslo known as the ones who already have power.    