Dear , state sentor

I do not agree on how the election is happenening or how it is run. It is very unorganized and not very fair. I think if the votes are close then everybody should vote again not just one person outta ten people the state has to choose. Also it is not done professionaly like it is supposed to be. Some people deserve a shot at it but no you guys think that the presidents from the last election should be put back in well no because that same guy who won it last year has the chance to win it again and its not fair if he wins it again.

The first reason i disagree with the way the election is done is that it is not done fair. The first thing is that everybody should be able to vote the second time not just ten people from each state. If those five outta ten people choose the same then that state wont count and thats not fair at all. Some of the people outta the ten that were chosen either didn't vote the first time or they have no idea what they are doing what so ever and they could possibly mess up the system or they could mess up the votes.

My second reason is that it is not orgonizes at all. First they chose ten random people to vote in the second round of elecion. They won't give anybody else a chance to vote during the second election. MY second most important reason is that in the first election their are more than twenty people on the ballet and now the second election only has two people on the ballet i think theor hould be atleast three or four on the ballet. My last reason is on how they vote for the people of he second election. The way that they do it is not fair they send out a list with twenty names or more on it and they have to check at least two names and send it back and then they count the votes and then the fist ten for each state get to vote for that state do it is like a drawling and they even send it to the people when theor name is on the ballet.

My overall reason is that it is not done professionaly like it should be. The same people should be running for president again especially the one who won before because he has another shot at winning again. That means that they change to many things. Like the school food and drinks the food is now healthy and the drinks are diet some kids and teachers have to have sugar or they will not do so good through out the day like if the have diebetes they might need some sugar well they wont get it because all the food is healthy and the drinks are diet now.

Those are the reasons why i dissagree.                    