This article starts out by telling the audience about all of the pros and cons of Venus. The first thing is mentions is how at some times we are so close to it that many people think it is a star, and it talks about how humans on Earth can easily see it at a safe distance, but it is very difficult to get close to. Venus is the cloest planet to Earth's density and size. The author explains how he thinks that it is a worthy cause to try to explore venus, even though we have never successfuly landed a spacecraft there for more than a few hours.

The author does very well arguing his or her point. I agree with the author, I think he or she made some very well stated points about why humans should work everyday to get closer and closer to Venus. There are many arguing points as to why poeple would think that it is good or bad to try to send spacecrafts, let alone humans, to Venus. Starting out with the dissadvantages, the planet's surface is over 800 degrees, obviously not suitable for humans, or any life force for that matter, to survive. Venus has a hotter surface temperature than any other planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to our sun, due to the atmosphere made up of almsot 97 percent carbon.

These facts sound misserible so far, but if there was a way that humans could figure out how to land on Venus safely, and maybe even start a civilization there, that would be groundbreaking. The author backs up his or her point by saying how "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." The fact that at one time Venus might have been covered in water has convienced me that there is some sort of way to create life there. Not only does he or she mention how Venus might have once been covered in water, but also informs the audience that Venus has many Earth-like structures. Venus is made up of mountians, valleys, and craters.

The author does a very good job describing and pin-pointing all of the detailed needed to convience someone to beilve in life on Venus, and support sending probes and eventually humans out to discover Venus. The authors talks about how hard it would be for a mission to Venus to be both safe and productive, but he or she also talks about how much we would gain from it. The author shows how floating in a blimp, 30 miles above the surface would be almost suitable for humans to survive, at 170 degrees. The article says that "Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." One day humans will be able to land a spacecraft on Venus long enogh to collect information about the planets past.