Summer projects are some of the most dreaded assignments to give to a student. However, they are very necessary in order for students to retain information needed for the following school year. Summer projects, involving schools, should be teacher-designed in order to optimize students's learning.

Firstly, a teacher knows what to assign best based on the class curriculum. If students were to all decide what the project was and how it should be done, then there would be a multitude of topics and confusion amongst the class. In seventh grade we were given a choice assignment to do. Although it was a fun project and allowed us to use creativity, it didn't lead us to the same information. In a summer project, the main purpose being to continue learning, a student-designed project may not be the best way to learn about a common topic.

Secondly, the school year would flow much smoother with a teacher-designed project. In my sophomore year I was assigned a summer assignment for world history. It was the same assignment given to the whole class, and was meant to be completed the same way as well. Completing it made it easier for my teacher and classmates to refer to as the year went on. Similar to a textbook, we all were able to use the same resource to make learning easier and allow the class to flow smoother.

On the contrary however, students may not have the time to complete a summer project in a specified way. During summer break it is very common for people to travel or have family in town. For example, every year I go out of town on road trips to visit family. This year my mom told me that we would be visiting family in Africa. Places like Africa may not have all the necessary resources to complete an assignment the exact way a teacher asks. Even if a student were to have resources available, constant travel may limit a student's time and ability to focus. Students may have to get creative and modify or design their project in a way that would allow them to complete it before the beginning of the school year.

Lastly, If a student were to design his or her project, they would likely take the easy route in order to enjoy the rest of their summer. Although I have many positive qualities, I am known to take the easy route when it comes to a lot of things. In my fifth grade science fair we were allowed to decide our own experiments to do. Instead of trying to think of a topic that may attract viewers at my booth, or something that interested me, I chose the most basic experiment I could think of, "which paper airplane would fly the farthest." When it comes to school students are prone to rush through any work given. Like myself, they'd take the easy route and limit their own capabilities.

Summer projects are important for schools and teachers to implement whether it be student-designed or teacher-designed. However in the case of productivity, teacher-designed projects bear more benefits. School year flow, class content, and a student's work habits all play roles in why teacher-designed projects should be the main source of assignments given over the summer.