Imagine this: it's the last day of school, and after ten months of constant, grueling work, you have finally completed the school year. However, you learn a project has been assigned over summer break; a project which requires a lot of your time, and a lot of your effort. Not only that, but it is on a boring, irrelevant topic, which you have absolutel zero interest in; is this fair? Students get put through extreme amounts of stress over the span of the school year, and summer vacation is their break from the large amount of work and effort that they put in over the course of their 300 day journey. Although it is essential for students to continue to actively use their brain during their break, it is essential that the project should be student designed, which is proven by the students procrastination on topics they don't find interesting, their increased inclination to work on something that they find interesting, and the fact that it is their break from school.

School has been around for centuries, and although it is completely different now than how it once was, some things have remained the same; for example, the procrastination of students. Majority of students, nowadays especially with the amount of distractions they have, find themselves doing nothing all day and beginning their homework at 11:00 PM. When it comes to summer, the same applies; especially if given a topic they do not find interesting or relevant to them. If given a topic that bores them, then they will likely wait until the last month to even begin the project. This renders the project completely useless, as it's primary purpose was to ensure that the student remains mentally active throughout their summer break. However, if the student is allowed to choose a topic or project that interests them, then they are significantly more likely to work on it throughout their break as they would most likely choose a project that they want to partake in.

Summer break is the average students most favorite time of the year; it is their time to relax, spend time with family and friends, and a lot of times to do absolutely nothing at all. In a students perfect world, no work would be assigned over break; this is obviously unrealistic, as work must be assigned to ensure that they don't come back unprepared or having forgotten things learned in prior years. However, it must be taken into account that it is their summer break: something that is looked forward too year round and a break from the long, tiresome school year that they just completed. Therefore, if given work, they should have the right to choose the work that is given. Even if chosen by the student, the assignment is still fulfilling its purpose: to keep the student mentally active throughout their break. The student choosing the project is causing no harm, so why not allow them to do so?

Although it is apparent that students must be the ones to select their project, there are always two sides to every story. Some may claim that the project must be chosen by teachers, as it is their occupation and that they know what is best for the students to succeed. Although this is correct, regardless of whether or not the summer assignment is chosen by teachers or students, it's primary purpose will still be fulfilled: to keep the student's brain active throughout the break. In fact, if chosen by students, the chances of the goal to be fulfilled greatly increase, contrary to how it would be if it were to be chosen by teachers.

The life of a student is extremely difficult; they are forced to do things that most adults cannot even do. They are told to somehow find time for everything: school work, sports, hobbies, family, friends, and most importantly to be a kid. During the school year, the fact that the student is still a kid is most times forgotten. Summer vacation is their chance to finally be a kid, or at least feel like one. By allowing the student to take part in a student designed project,they are able to take part in activities that they actually want to do, or research things that they are actually interested in. It is always hard to find compromise, but if given an option to satisfy students as well as teachers, why not choose it?    