"Making Mona Lisa Smile" in the story the author descrbes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions. Is this technology to read emotinal expressions of humans wrong? How do they make this technology to read people's emotions? Who's idea was this?

First, I think reading people's mind's by this technology is wrong. First reason is it's none of our bussines. Also reading people's minds is something that is totally creepy. This technology can detect anyone who's happy, sad, angry, and disgusted. Everyone has their own personal secrets that he or she doesn't want to reveal their feelings. They need to invent something to help people around the world.

Second, this idea came from Professor Thomas Huang, of the Beckman Instatute for Advanced Science at the University of Illionois, working in collaboration with Professor Nicu Sebe of the University of Amsterdam. Dr. Huang and his colleague are exports at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. Both of these professors want's to know of their invention to the world to earn credit. Do they even know what their doing? Both professors test's the painting of Mona Lisa of her emotions. Mona Lisa results is 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry.

Then, this software technology has a constructs a 3-D computer model of the face. All 44 majors muscles in the model must move like human muscles. Movement of one or more muscles is called an "action unit". Then Dr. Hunag relies on the work of psychologists, such as Dr. Paul Eckman, creator of FACS ( Facial Action Coding System. Using video imagery, the new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of Mona Lisa. By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions ( as in da Vinci's masterpiece). Each expression is compared against a neutral face (showing no emotion). The new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electric code. This technology can read people's emotions by raising your lips at the corners of your mouth. Then squirt your eyes slightly, to produce wrinkiling. Holding that, raise the outer parts of your cheeks up, toward your eyes.

Finally, in conclusion it's bad to read other personal thought's. Both professors makes a computer to see emotions in people's mind's. Finding the new technology is rare in the United States. The new computer is not an ordinary science teacher grading your work this is a professional professors inventions. In my opinion these professors should make a new invention to change the world and by not reading people's minds.