Dear,Mr Senator

My name is PROPER_NAME, and I am writing to you to say why we should keep the elctoral college. What do you think, should we keep the electoral college? wirte me back and tell me what you think. but any way these are my three reason on why we should keep the electoral college.

My first reason is on why we should keep the electoral college is because, there is a reason on why it is there in the first place. Im not that smart but im pretty sure the founding fathers knew what they were doing when they started the electoral college. it is there because it helps pick who is president and vice president. I mean sure we do help by voting but there job is to pick the best one, by compareing statistics.

My  second reason for why we should keep the electoral college is because the people arent always right. Yes i said that the people arent always right, take for instance the George Bush we messed up big time by electing him, look what happened to the economy, but that is what we get by letting the peple pick. Im not saying that we dont know how to make a right descion but can we please let the professionals do what they do best.

My third and final reason is that they do elect fairly  the bigger thye state you have the mor represenatives you recive, states like California,texas,wyoming,ect which means the bigger the state the more people sre going to live in that stae which would also mean that you would have more represenatives. i know that your saying how is that fair if just because you a bigger state you get more represenatives? well as i said in the last sentace it is because of population. because of population to even out the votes you would have to have more represenatives.

Those were my top three reasons on why we should keep the electoral college. I hop that you agree with my reasons on why we should keep the electoral college.

Yours truley

PROPER_NAME

(ps write me back and let me know your thoughts on why or why not we shold keep the electoral college                                         