In the US many people use different methods to get around. They walk, take a bus, but many use some sort of automobile. All these ways are very efficent but have you ever thought of maybe the outcomes of what cars do to the planet we live on? Let me tell you the things that would change of limiting car usage.

To start off, having to always worry about paying car payments or getting gas can be very pesky knowing you already have to pay for housing,food,clothing and if you have kids supporting them. All that can be very stressfull and make life even harder to live with, like in source 1 mother of two, Heidrun Walter talks about how "when I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Her not having a car made her life way less stressfull and tense then before hand.

Another outcome of limiting car usage would be less pollution. All these fumes are not good for the planet we live on and deffintley not good for us human beings. In source 2 it says how Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air from all the gases in the air from moter vehicles. You know how much fumes would have to be in the air for them to make a driving ban? I mean if thats not putting up a red flag i don't know what would. We only have one place to live right now and its our jobs to keep it clean and protect it.

Without cars people are gonna have to find a way to get around. In source 3 it talks about the millions of Columbians finding that way when they didn't have there car to do that for them. They looked too hiking, skating, and walking. All these alternatives are a great way to live a healtheir life then to just let machines do the work. When you exercise more its said to widen your life span and prevent diseases like Diabetes or Obesity. Being able to live better heatheir lives would only effect us is a positive way.

Lastly another adavantage would be less deaths due to car accidents. So many people die every year from recklace drivers or people driving under the infulence, limiting car usage would drop these numbers down drasically and make life for us way safer.

All these little advantages would make such a big outcome to everyday life as we know it, it would make our lives better in every outlook.            