Some school offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way online or video conferencing. Other school don't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because that's not great way to learn.

Desagree:. Other school don't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because that's not great way to learn.

1: Students wouldn't benefit being able to attend classes from home because if they don't understand something who can help them.

2: Distance learning is not the best way to learn because you need some school to learn what you need to know like student that you are.

3: If you take classes from home you can learn but if you take the classes direcly from some school thatone is the best way that you to learn.

Other school don't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because that's not great way to learn because students wouldn't benefit being able to attend classes from home because if they don't understand something who can help them, distance learning is not the best way to learn because you need some school to learn what you need to know like student that you are and If you take classes from home you can learn but if you take the classes direcly from some school thatone is the best way that you to learn.

Some school offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way online or video conferencing because for some students that's the best way to take their classes but for other student is not the best way because some student have to work after school and they have other responsabilities to do like the people who came to this country from another country and don't live with their parents this guys have to work and study at the time so that's why I think is not benefit to attend classes at home. For example the people who came to this country, they came for a better future, better opportunities and they need to learn a new languaje and that's not easy for everybady some people learn very quickly but other people not.

calsses by way online that's great for some student because they have a great idea and reasons to take classes from home for example some student have child and they have to care about their baby's so they can't go to school for them that's a great opportunuty to study and do what they want, this people just need motivation to keep going and they can gain their goals.

I think students they don't be benefit attend classes from home because at home they have too many things that can be disctracte for them with things like electronic devices, or persons like childrens, and any other distract thing.

Video conferencing that's good form to learn for some people who want to attend classes from home but if you have any question or any dude you can't ask to this video that's why I thing that the best way to learn is going to school and work hard every day to do and study what we want to do in the future, we have our future in our hand if we do any bad thing some day we pay for that, always we have to think and be sure for what we want and do. in this life everything the we do to somebody good or but someday that thing comeback to you and there woud you feel what other people someday fool for your foult.

The old people who have esperience in life they said to students keep going ''if you want you can...''