Imagine having to attend school, go to work, be at sport's practice, and do many other activities all in a spam of 24 hours. Well, many students nowadays have extremely busy schedules and have to balance many responsibilities on their shoulders at once. Although some students will miss out on the opportunity and experience of physically being present at school and going through their day with their fellow classmates, many students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because each student's priorities, health, and personal matters differ.

To being with, each person on earth does not have the same mindset and concerns as another. Everyone has their own desires and values in life, even students. Though one may be attending school, they could also be wrapped up in another area of their life. Many students enrolled in schools right now do not only just focus on schoolwork, rather they are involved in many out-of-school actives. For example, students model, dance, make videos on the internet, and participate in travel sports. Having such a busy schedule, being able to get one's school work done outside of school can be very useful to many, because then they can try their best to fit everything into their schedules at any time or place of the day. All in all, having the work done, rather than not, is more beneficial to both students and teachers.

Adding onto getting work done, many students prefer working in an environment special or more comfortable to them. One major reasoning for that is one's medical conditions. Nowadays, many public schools offer a special education program, but to many, the system might not exactly meet their requirements. Many handicap students need special transportation, seating, and feeding, which schools may not be able to provide. They also require alert attention at all times because anything could happen to cause them discomfort, pain, or even to fall down. Other students going through a health issue may find schooling at home to be rather more comfortable due to the same reasons. At home, the students will have their family members to look and care for them. Besides the staff not being able to properly handle students in need of altunitive care, the, "regular," students attending the school can also be an issue. Kids of today are not the nicest and love tearing others down on their insecurities. Bullying could be a serious concern to many special education students. Overall, one's health plays a huge role in one's schooling and place of schooling.

Along with students personal concerns, there are many problems that can arise at the homes of these students them to miss school. School is one part of student's lives and some only have a limited amount of time they can put towards that one part. Many people struggle with family matters and are not always left out of them because they attend school. A student might be going to school everyday and as soon as they get home, they are taking care of another member in their family or cooking and cleaning. Many kids run their households because their parents are not in the right condition to act their part. This leads to students working and schooling. All those things take up a big portion of time and can cause much stress on the individual. Also, many times, students just fall ill out of nowhere, and are in such conditions where they have to stay home and rest. Having access to classes online and available to them at any given time reduces much burdens off their shoulders. No one really knows what goes on in student's lives outside of school, so the opportunity to attend classes should be permitted.

In conclusion, students would be able to benefit from being able to attend classes from home for many reasons. Their schedules, conditions, and personal reasons are all apart of this matter. If classes are not available to attend from home, many students will have lower grades due to concerns they can not help nor fix. Give students the right and privilege to do school work outside of the school building! 