Why they are think studnets should have classes from home by way of online or video conferencing? Many of the studnets home is to far and maybe can't come or is come let. Every schools should have this option for students. This is make easy for some students.

First,some students wanna to stay home for classes this is good thing because you can fouces carfully and take you time and no body can't make you obsess. Some students maybe just need focuse to classes and he can't do in schools and he want to be school home. For Example; We have firend family him name is Generic_Name,Generic_Name wanted to be home school and do work in home. He do like to come school early. He told to him Mother and Father but they are is not agree with him because they says you have to go school and you can learning better and he do not have any option and he start to go school.

Second,the student want to stay home school they should know home school make your lazy because you don't have any activity to do you you stay home all time. For friendship you can't find good friend. this is make you unfriendly. for the class maybe you not understand what teachers means and you have some question. For Example;Generic_Name she is school home and she all time in home she doesn't have any friend she talk with her mother and father and her mother father is agree with she and she start to go school and she find alot friend and she understand better then befor.

Lastly,some teachers like to teach online and I think this is good option to for teachers because maybe teachers can teach better and maybe can foucse better then in class. Some teachers go to students home for the teaching just for one student and focuse to just one student. For Example;Generic_Name every Thusday have teacher she come every Thusday in Generic_Name home and she was help to Generic_Name to all home work. she talk to Generic_Name about home teacher is good then teacher in school because you focuse just for one student but in school you focuse just for maybe twenty students this is to hardc for me.

Studnets, should go schools this is not matter do you want go home school or normal school. some students have some physically problem I think they are need home schools because is easy then school because in school maybe somebody push and like some accident. For the physically students schools home is good because they can learning easly and they can focause better and nobody obsses.

Some students, need go school for the understand better. Some students need go school because if they are stay in home and they want home schools maybe in not listen to teacher or make copy. For friendly some people is unsocial and need make friend in school. Ithink school good option for this studnets.