Did you know that Earth had a twin? Well not exactly a twin, but a planet that is very close to Earth in terms of it's density and size. That planet happens to be

Venus. Since the planet is very identical to earth, we are all going to want to explore it. Exploring and studying Venus comes at a cost though, it is a worthy pursuit despite the presentation of it's dangers.

Venus is a planet in our solar system. It is referred as the "Evening Star," as its one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. It is the second planet from our sun. Many people confuse Venus with being a star, because of its nickname. trying to examine Venus more closely then of the safe vantage point of Earth, can be very challenging despite it being simple to see from the distance.

We are all closer to Mars than Venus sometimes due to the speed changes at which they orbit the Sun by. Us humans send a variety of spacecrafts to the cloud-draped world for it to land on. No spacecraft has survived the landing for a couple hours. This means that all the previous missions to mars were all unmanned. All of these failed missions have explained why Venus hasnt been touched in more than three decades by a single spaceship.

As you can tell Venus is a challenging planet for humans to study because of its reputation. The atmosphere of Venus is very thick as 97 percent Carbon Dioxide covers all of it. The planet's tempatures on the surface average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit. The atmospheric pressure is greater than what we experience on Earth by 90, all of these conditions are way more extreme than what we experience on Earth. Trying to visit Venus would completly liquefy and melt any spacecraft near it.

Many scientist are trying to explore this planet despite its inhospital conditions because it is very identical to Earth. It used to be one of the most Earth-like planet in our solar system, Which facsinated many Astronomers. Venus was probably covered by many bodies of water and forms of life could have been supported, just like Earth. The planet now has a rocky surface with many valley's, mountains, and craters that makes astronomers itch to further expore it. Despite it's very hard conditions to even get near the planet.

Venus is a very cool planet. As it is very Dangerous to further study and explore,It is all worth it in the long run. The planet has very many earth-like qualities. So it would be smart to see if there was any signs of life. Venus is worth all the dangers because its a worthy pursuit.               