Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Online or video conferencing is when students and teachers communicate through long distances through the use of technology. Students would be able to learn without the need to be in a classroom with other people. This would are able to help them learn more frequently and function more with the help of this learning capability. Students would be able to personally talk to teachers if there having trouble with work in class. The opposition incorrectly believe that with the help of online or video conferencing students will benefit less from being able to attend classes from home because students would be less social and they will not be able to gain communication skills. Although some believe with help the of online or video conferencing students would benefit less from being able to attend classes from home, it should be known that with the help of online or video conferencing students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home.

With the help of online or video conferencing, students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home due to benefits for oneself. Having access to online or video conferencing would more affordable for students. They would be able to talk to teachers without the need of them spending their money. For instance, there are certain websites where students can learn and talk to teachers without them going to school. Nowadays, if a person would want to go to school but could not afford it, then they would use online conferencing to talk teachers without them wasting their money just to go school. Through the help video conferencing, students would be able to have personal conferences with teachers. If there are having trouble with their work or if they feel like they need help, then a conference would be a good way to better themselves. For example, if a person did bad on their test, exam or just want to help boost their grade up, then they would have a brief conference to see why their not doing so well. With the help of personal conferences, students can be able to improve their grade and better understand what their not good at. Students would be able to get their work caught up at home. Online chats will be able to see what that person missed. For instance, if a student missed a day or a lesson, then that student would be able to contact their teacher and get their work caught up. This is useful for students, who are sick and cant make it to class, because they wont be behind and they can get their work finished.

With the help of online or video conferencing, students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home due to benefits for others. Online conferencing would help students not to get sick by other people. Long distance conferencing would lower their chances of getting sick by others. For example, if students lived in China, where the Corona virus is spreading at, then they would communicate with their teacher online without them catching the virus as well. Online conferencing in today society would play a major role in helping both students and teachers lower their chance of catching colds or diseases. Students would not have to travel long distance to just go to school. With the of online conferencing, students can learn what they need to know at home. For instance, if a girl was pregnant and she didnt have no one to take her to school, then she would just talk to her talk online without the need of her leaving home. With the help of this technological advantage students, who cant find a way to get to school, would be able to learn in school without the need of them leaving their home. With the help of video conferences, the productivity of students' work would go up. This would help students who dont understand the work and what to know more. For example, if students dont understand the assignment they were given, they would be able to learn online with their teacher to better understand. With the help of this learning tool, they are able to learn at a better pace.

Even though some believe with the help of online or video conferencing students would benefit less from being able to attend classes from home, it should be understood that with the help of online or video conferencing students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home. Opponents incorrectly believe that with the help of online or video conferencing students would benefit less from being able to attend classes from home because they might not have WIFI to communicating to their teachers and they might not look presentable when talking to their teachers. However, with the help of online or video conferencing students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home because they would be able to get their work caught up with, it would be affordable for them, and students would be able to have personal conferences. Furthermore, with the help of online or video conferencing students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home because they would not get sick by other students or teachers, they would not have to travel long distances to attend certain classes, and students would be more productive. Online and video conferences are new way for people to learn at home without struggling. They are able to learn in so many ways and can talk to their teachers if there is any confusion.