Dear state senator, I believe that election by popular vote for the president of the united states is the smartest and easiest way to go about things. There are many people who believe that it is the better way to go about things given that the electoral college is a waste of time or so some may say. Over sixty percent of voters back in two-thousand would have perferred a direct election instead of voting to a bunch of electors. I mean would you rather vote for one person or vote for twenty-six.

The electoral college is a place that the founding fathers established in the constitution as a compromise between the election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting, where they vote for president and vice president, and counting the electoral votes by congress. The college consists of five hundred-thirty eight electors and a majority of two hundred-seventy votes is required for the election of a president. Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors.

Under the electoral college the people vote not for the president, but for the slate of elector, who in turn elect the president. The electoral college is unfair to the voters because of the winner-take-all system. During the two-thousand campaign, seventeen states didnt see candidates at all. Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S Chamber of commerce, and the AFL-CIO all have the same thing in common, they want to abolish the electoral college. Some electors even have the nerve to occasionally refuse to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please.

So i hope that explained alot on how the electoral college is not a good way to vote. That way is to long and people might not get filled in on what happened or who won or there vote might even get changed. One of these days the electoral college will be gone and it will just be the president winning by having more votes. We dont need all that confusing way of voting just a simple vote and the winner is the one with the most votes.    