Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during break. Should these projects be student or teacher choice? Are the students able to create their own? Students summer break is their time ,so why not let them keep it that way? These summer projects should be student-designed, due to an increase in the practicality and creativity of the project completion.

Summer break, the time for pool parties and vacation for students: to get away from school. Therefore, why should they be forced to do some teacher choice project that they will most likely dread. To increase practicality, the student's design is more likely to get done, and get done well because it'll be their ideas ,not the same boring thing from their teachers. The teachers should enjoy this as well, providing less stressful ,vigorous planning of some project;with the teacher knowing half of the students won't do it.

When students and school faculty sit in a classroom on the first day of school, ready to present their summer projects that were teacher-designed they hear the same things reiterated in a hundred different ways. Whereas student designed assignments will have a variety of different posters, illustrations ,and more. This will provide less hatred for the presentations and substitute it with maybe some excitement and anticipation to hear what other have come up with.

Some people may say, that having the students design their own projects isn't a good idea because of the stable structure most teachers are able to implement more so then some students. While this is a good point, it can be easily counteracted with the simple statement of, if these student aren't able to create and be slightly independent now, When will they get another chance? This why the teacher-design isn't a better idea.

In closing, while these projects may be dreaded either way it is far more realistic to allow the students to choose their own. Furthermore,the creativity and the practicality of the project completion if it is student-designed is leaps and bounds more then that of the teacher designated summer assignment. This is why summer time is the students time to play,create ,and designate.