Use of the Facial Action Coding Sysytem can be very valuable for computer learning in the class room. This system can detect emotional expressions of the user which would then cause change in the computer teaching. A child could get bored or distracted easily, but if that can be detected ahead of time, the process would be shifted to hold the focus of the student. What if the student does not understand what is being taught to them throught the computer teaching? Well, the computer can read their expression and accomodate to the needs of the learner. Likewise, the student could be ahead of what is being taught, academically, which could be read by the facial decoder and adjusted in their lessons. Teachers could then track that data to further helps their students. Being able to automatically adjust to the needs of their user in a classroom would benefit the students and teachers of a school.

First of all, computers with this facial coding would be able to help the student using it by detecting any readings of boredom. If a student becomes bored or distracted while using computer programs, it can turn the student off from the lesson. This technology "can make computer-animated faces more expressive" in any interactive activities the student might encounter to hold its attention (D'Alto). Also, layouts, fonts, prints, etc. could be altered to make the lesson more interesting to the user, therefore catching the student's attention with something it deems fun.

While some children become uninterested or lack focus, some students just do not have the correct cirriculum for their academic needs. By using facial coding, the computer could adjust the lesson like a human tutor would. for those students struggling to understand the certain area, the computer would "modify the lesson like an effective human instructor" (D'Alto).

Likewise, some students are above the level they are given, academically, and need more of a challenge. Through reading their emotions, the computer could arrange harder concepts for the student.

In addition, teachers would also benefit from the use of facial coding. It is hard for teachers to truly know how a student is fairing in all areas of school. So, by tracking their students' data, the teacher can make additional adjustments to either get the student help, or create a better challenge that will grow their education. In using facial coding programs to calculate how their students are doing, the teacher can appeal to whatever needs their students may have, and even find out if a student is having an "off day".

Based on the evidence given in the article, the use of Facial Action Coding Stystems in the classroom would be wildly valuable. The computer can detect many levels of emotion to accomodate their program to the students' needs. If a particular lesson bores a student or that student has lack of focus, the computer can adjust and change many aspects of thier layout to catch the student's attention. Also, students can receive the correct level of work- whether that be too easy or too hard. And not only can students benefit, but teachers, as well. They can track student progress to further accomodate their needs. While technology can be used for many unethical things, the Facial Action Coding System would be extremely effective in a school setting.                                             