Over the summer, schools require students to do a few projects to make sure they continue learning. Over a three month long break, it is easy to forget material and or not feel motivated to learn new material. Assigning projects will help encourage and enforce students to continue learning. The debate is, should teachers assign the projects or should students design their own projects. Teachers may have more knowledge and experience creating projects but if students are allowed to create their own projects, they will benefit from that experience because they got to chose what was most important for themselves to work on. They will also likely make it more broad, which allows students to make each project more individualized, each project will have a special twist to it. It will also be more discussed, it will become a trend to talk about it, students will likely feel more pressured to do it if everyone talks about it. Students will also come up with enriched new project ideas. In conclusion, students should design their own projects instead because they will appreciate it more, the project will be more discussed, and the projects will help students figure out what they need to improve also allowing them to improve themselves.

If someone for example, spends time and effort making their own meal, they are more likely to appreciate it rather then if someone gave them a meal. Comparatively with the students devising their own project, if they know how much time and hard work came with making it they will likely appreciate it more. If they appreciate it more, they are also more likely to try harder on the project then they would have otherwise. They will also think it's a better idea if they formulated it rather than the teacher. People tend to love and appreciate their ideas more than other people's ideas. Even now, their are a lot of students who complain that they don't like the projects given to them. A lot of students blame the teacher if they got a bad grade on a test or a project but with this idea, they do not have someone to blame so they will be more pressured to do the project. Even though teachers have more knowledge and experience, students know what they themselves need to work on and improve with. Giving them control and a free opportunity to dive in deeper in areas they need more improvement in would make students be thankful towards the school. Some students may not take advantage of this but schools still need to keep faith that the majority would. The students who don't, probably also would not do it if it was teacher assigned it, but hearing "student made" is encouraging. Therefor, more students would get it done rather then if it was teacher made.

Having the projects be student made will ensure it will be more discussed, which will have beautiful outcomes. Students will be challenged to think of ideas that will benefit them as well as new ideas teachers did not think of. There's more students then teachers, someone is bound to think of a new unique idea. Students will have a chance to make their summer projects fun and something to look forward to. Another reason is teachers assign projects but sometimes they get busy and can't think of new ideas or don't have time to discuss with other teachers to find the best idea. Students on the other hand, probably have thousands of ideas they've wanted to do but were never given the chance. They also have a younger mind that may have different ideas then a older mind would have. Students are also with each other more than teachers are, they will discuss more, if they're allowed to make it fun, it may become a trend to talk about. These projects may also bring students together, if they are working together to make a project they all agree on, that;s teamwork. They may also check in on each other for inspiration and or just because this experience successfully made them closer. This also may create some useful peer pressure to do their work and learn. Maybe this will lead to students doing work more often overall and bonding with their peers with learning. Learning will become more than a individual process and more than just reading from a text book.

It is important to take a minute and consider what you want to learn, how you'll learn it, as well as what areas you need more education in. This experience will give students more control and prepare them for college. It is important for kids, especially teenagers to understand how to use control and work independently. If they get to design a project, they will start thinking about their education and what they like verses don't like. This will teach them how to figure that out on their own with a little bit of support, preparing them for the real world. When they start discussing, it will continue to help them think how to make the project and themselves more individual. Yes this may just be a small few projects they do over the summer but it can be seen as so much more than that. It will improve everyone's ability to work with others, which is a crucial skill in life. It will be challenging to combine and compromise on different ideas. If used correctly, you can figure out more about yourself, for example, if you like to work individually verses in a group, what kind of learning style you want the project to be, what the project is on, how much work you're willing to put into it, and so many other things. Lastly, it is important to let students have control and let them improve what they need.

Concluding, students should be making the projects for summer break instead of teachers because they will appreciate it more, the project will be more discussed, and the projects will help students figure out what they need to improve also allowing them to improve themselves. This will provide a amazing opportunity and experience for students which will cause them to love the school even more. New ideas will stem from this as well as a new found love for learning and education. 