Dear Principal,

Education should be a school's top priority, and part of having educated students is having students that are as knowledgeable as they can possibly be. Each kid has different subjects or activities that they excel at. Some may do well at math while having trouble in English, and others may be good at soccer but not so good in History class. If you change school policy and make it so that students can't participate in sports or other activities unless they have at least a B average, you are preventing students from being their best at what they do or in other words, being knowledgeable in their activity.

Preventing kids from participating in sports or other activities unless they have at least a grade B average will hinder their progress in improving their grades. Staying involved in physical activity has proven to improve test scores and health for that matter. The health of my classmates should be very important to you considering that a sick student cannot attend class. Kids with excess energy will not pay attention and that is why sports teams and physical activities are incorporated in every school. Taking that away from kids with a lower average than a B will not improve their grades or help them gain knowledge, instead their grades will most likely start declining more with the short attention spans in class. Therefore, decreasing the knowledge that they take in and making them less knowledgeable.

You should always encourage us students to try our best, and what if our best is at a sport? Taking away the right to play sports because of low grades will take away our effort in trying our best. Having a low grade in a subject that we aren't specifically doing well in, shouldn't prevent us from playing a sport that we excel in. We try our best in everything we do and it wouldn't be right to punish us by taking away an activity that we can excel in. To most of the students, sports mean everything to them and taking it away because of one bad grade will make them feel like their best didn't work so why should I keep trying. It defeats their self-confidence and willpower. This will make them slack off in class and therefore, decrease their knowledge.

I think that it is in your best interest to not change the school policy so you can have better, more kno