Dear Senator,

I would like to take this time into explaining why having the Electoral College is not a good idea in determining who would become our president. Why should anyone be voting if in the article it states

"

It's offical: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational."

If the Electoral College is irrational and outdated, then why do we keep using? Popular voting can be a better idea then using the Eleortial College, with the popluar voting we can the president that makes the United

States a better place to be living in. For the past century there has been war and terroist in the U.S, and the cause to all the violence is because when Senators are suppose to represent our state they say what in their favor. IF we focus on what the people want we will have a better chance of stopping all the battle. People that are serving the armed forces can come home to their children and family, the local news will not talk abou the next war and the disagreement that this country has aganist another.

If we begin to use popluar vote we can begin to have more and more people voting. Many citzens do not vote because they think that their votes do not count or aren't counted. With popular vote they can be sure that they will be counted and that the votes are for the people not for the Senator. As we get older, this country will not ben the same as before or how it was in the 1800's, we are goinmg to start changing the things that we think are best for this country, we do not want to start the same wars we did centuries ago. Improving it would mean to take risk and if we have to change Electoral College to popular vote, then so be it and let's change it.

I suggest for now on instead of using Electoral College we start using popular votings. If there is ever a case where the votes come out teied then we instead on using Electoral College, this would of be if there were to ever be a tired in the voting session. If this country is all in choices of the people and for the people why can we start to use popular vote instead.     