Dear Senator,

I would like to bring to your attention the matter of the electoral college, and the unjust way that presidents are elected in our  country. While there are benefits, more of the negative effects come to play when reviewing and contemplating on whether this system is effect or not. The Electoral College is very unfair, and should be subject for abolishment.

The number of electors in the Electoral College consits of 538 electors in total, which makes a tie completley possible, although it has never happened, in the past only a few more votes were required to create this unlikley problem. According to source 3, paragraph 18, Richard A. Posner claims that, "A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes-538- is an even number, but it is highly unlikley..." There's a shockingly short ammount of votes required to turn an election into a situtation where both canidates have an even number of votes, a problem almost occured in 1976, that were if, according to source #2, paragraph #12, Bradford Plumer, "a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3687 voters in Hawaii had voted the other way." Those may look as if they are big numbers, however in comparison to the amount of voters in each state, these are not large amounts of people who needed to vote the other way. In comparison, the number of representatives is determined by the number of members in your congressional delegation, the amount of electors per state is fair. Still, however, the event of a tie would cause a lot of issues within our country, and would be relieved if the winner was elected by popular vote.

In addition, electors are United States citizens, and are entitled to their own vote based on the Constitution, while they are allotted their own vote, this gives opportunity for problems to arrise. Politics are very lowkey orders of buisness, and in 1960, the legislatures in Louisiana almost used the disaster factor to swing the election in their favor, by electing people who were more likley to vote for the opposer of John F. Kennedy, because they prefered the other canidate. According to source #3, paragraph 16, Posner addresses, "..each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nomie (and that trust is rarely betrayed". . . [; however,] it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote." Since the electors can technically vote for whoever they desire, it can cause an unfair advantage to the electors sent who vote for the other candiate. The other factor tying in is that the voters feel as if their direct vote does not count. While it is true one vote cannot sway the election, it becomes apparent that canidates must have transregional appeal, meaning that they're favored in that region of the U.S. The canidates hold off on campaigning in states they already know they have dominated the votes in, because there is no one region that can elect a president. This makes voter feel inferior, and discourage them from "wasting" their time voting. If we use the majority of votes way to establish the new president, it is more likely that they will decide to vote once again, since they feel as if their opinion once again matters.

As you may recall, the 2000 election had a dispute between the popular vote. Confusion with the votes in a state that decides which kind of electors to send to vote creates issues, because it is unclear which the majority goes to, a canidate may recieve more votes than the others. This creates an advantage to a candiate, and makes a problem for the people who voted for the other canidate. Also, in source 3, paragraph 22, Posner expresses the issues when a run-off election occurs. Some canidates will not win a majority of casted votes, the pressure complicates the presidential election, leaving the true, clear descion to the Electoral College.

In conclusion, the Electoral College seems unconstitutional, since a variety of issues can occur due to the many problems that could potentially occur. The United States should shift into a more reasonable and logical means of electing our president in our Republic, where everybody is equal. The Electoral College should no longer decide the president based on the possibility of a tie, the possibility for betrayal of trust and disputes due to how close the votes are. The system should change to where the popular opinion should  decide on the president of the United States of America, making people believe that their vote will be fairly counted. Thank you for your time.            