when you ask for advice for people's help you might want to ask more than one person. If you ask more people you can get the same pr different responses from the people. you had seen a cute girl but you don't know what to do so you need some help to make something and you need advice on how to make it.

Let's say that your in a small town but you just move here and you son had seen a cute girl so he ask he's dad if he knew any advice for him to make a move. He's dad had some good advice but the son want more advice like who do I get her to like me back so we went to get some more advice from is family. The son went to is grandpa first then is uncle and they both said the same thing to but the his dad's advice was totally different. The second week of school the son had had seen her again probably because she is in his class the day went on and on then the school day's over and the boy went home. Before the boy left the school a different girl came up to him but he rejected her and carried his day back home and told his dad what happened at school. the dad's son sawed his younger brother who is one year younger than him but he sawed him crying so he ask him what had happen at school and the brother told him.

So the brother told his younger brother that his girlfriend just broke up with him and said that the girl that ask you out was my girlfriend. None of this would have happened if you staid in your grade and stayed of moving up two grades and almost taking my girlfriend. The younger brother told that he said no to her and wanted a other girl but not her because he knew that his younger brother was dating her for the past few years. Three years later the brothers are in the same school but different grade the older brother is now one grade above than the younger brother and the younger brother got the girl he had a crush on.

when the two brothers got really old and they had to use wheel chairs to get where their going the brothers still had their girlfriends. But the younger brother got married and the other brother did't because his girl died in a hospital from smoking. Then the older brother died from a car crash by a drunk driver on the interstate and is younger and only brother was very sad when he died so now he is the only boy left in the family besies the dad and uncle oh and the grandpa died to because of age. The young son lived in till he got the age of 56 and his wife died at the age of 54 very sad time at lest they are in one big grave with rest of the family.