Can you tell if someone is happy or sad? Using technology to read students facial expressions can help out in so many different ways. A classroom computer can read a students facial expressions, they use facial imagery, humans perform the same calculations every day. These are the things that makes the Facial Action Coding System useful.

A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored or is happy or sad. If you smile when an ad pops up on your screen another similar ad might appear but, if an ad pops up and you frown then it won't have the same ad come up again. Because of this the students would be happier and cheerful. If a student was sad or bored when working on a lesson then it would change the lesson and make it more fun and then it would be more effective. This would make the children learn more and not dread being at school.

Using video imagery to recognize the facial emotion. This weights the different units of the face so that the software can identify mixed emotions. Because of this they can tell all of the different things the painting was feeling. Every expression is compared against a face that shows no emotion at all. This is so that they can know what to look for in the face and see the differences between a neutral face and a face with mixed emotions.

Humans perform the same calculations every day. Humans can tell if someone is sad or worried etc. by their facial expressions. Because of this we know peoples feelings sometimes. We would have trouble describing exactly what they were feeling just by looking at their face but, thats what the Facial Action Coding System does. This is saying that people can't tell exactly what other people are feeling just by their faces so that what the Facial System does.

The Facial Action Coding system does so many great things that would help schools and society. It helps with schooling because it could make it more fun, they use video imagery which helps recognize the facial emotion, and humans perform this act every day but, the Facial System helps with expressing the emotion. These all help the world in so many ways.       