Do i think that using technology to read emotion expressions of students in a classroom is valable you may ask, It is a marvoulous idea.

Technology has come so good in the past 17 years. I remember back in 2000 when the flip phones had just come out and fast forwars 17 years later we now have a computer that can read anyones facial expression and tell us how they are feeling. I can't even begin to imagine how much more advanced technology is going to get later on in life, it already seems to be that we could possibly have all the technology we could ask for, yet people all around the world just seem to be getting better and thinking of smarter ways to invent new things.

Why is this a good idea you may ask. For starters if technology will be able to read kids expressions while learning and being in class for teachers there will be one very good benifit. " A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored" Dr. Huang predicts this is going to be a very good thing for teachers, because teachers will be able to know what a kid is feeling this means that the teach will no longer have to keep going over the same information with the same kids just because one kid does not understrand it or isnt paying attention. The teacher can focus on those targeted students spicificly, and not have to go over the same information multiply times. Knoledge is a great thing to have.

One good benifit from this is that teachers can teach more to kids in a more faster way so they can get more things done, because the FACS will tell you if the kids understands the information and or get bored that way techers can work with those kids in a different time and move on to more things with the kids that do understand it.

Having computers that can read kids expresions to tell you whether you are bored or confused is a genius idea. It will be a good thing for both reachers and kids. The science behind it is also neat for people to understand how it came about the FACS. 