When looking for advice on a decision, do you ask multiple people, or just one? Chances are that you ask many people in search of advice. You do this all the time, such as when you go to multiple doctors for different takes on your problem to help you to decide what action to take. Searching for multiple opinions and advice can help you to slow down and not act on impulse, discover the consequences the choices you have, and find more options to take.

When you take the time to get advice from others, you prevent yourself from making an impulsive decision. Making a choice on impulse will rarely turn out well as you probably have very little knowledge and advice from others going behind it. It is when you step back and get advice from others that you prevent yourself from making these kinds of decisions. As an example, think about leaders in government. Often times they take a long time to make a decision as they hear from all of their advisers and take their time, as they do not want to make a impulsive choice. By forcing yourself to slow down and get advice form others, you are making better choices by having other's advice and making yourself think a little harder about what choice you are going to make. Getting advice does more than just slowing you down to make a better choice, it also allows others to make sure you are making one that will have serious consequences.

By getting advice from multiple people you can discover and understand repercussions of your actions that you might have taken and caused even more problems. If you never took anybody else advice, you would have really no idea about what might happen as a result of your choice. Getting advice from other's on your problem would give you ideas about the consequences of the your choices, helping you to make a better decision. For example, let's say you have a dental problem where your front teeth don't have enough space to come out of your gum. You may go to a orthodontist who tells you that you would be fine if you just put braces on to give your teeth more space. Now let's say that you go to another orthodontist who tells you that just putting braces on may cause your back teeth to get bunched too close together, causing unnecessary pain. You just averted a crisis by simply getting advice from multiple people. By not being impulsive with your actions and getting advice form the people around you, you can make good decisions.

You could also discover different options to take through getting other's advice. Seeking multiple opinions can help you to discover new choices that you never thought about. If you were to talk with one person, they may be able to give you a few different options, one, or none at all, but if you ask for advice from many people, you could learn of all sorts of different choices that you could make. By having more options, you have a better chance at being able to make the best decision for yourself. Going back to our dental example, let's say you go to another orthodontist, but this time he is an expert on your problem specifically. He tells you that you could get braces on only the teeth that need to move, or you could also have surgery to move the teeth to where they need to be instantly. Although, he tells you that the former would be easier and a bit cheaper, but both are immensely better options than your first two choices. By getting more options you are able to make much more informed decisions and have a easier time making the best decision for yourself and others.

By getting advice from others, you can make good decisions, as people can give you insights into your problem and help you to make the best choice. When you simply get advice from others, your ability to make the right decision is greatly increased, as you can find more options, understand the problem better, discover some of the repercussions your decision may have, and find out what others think the best action for you to take is. By discovering all of this, you can make an informed decision based on it, which will almost always be better than an impulsive decision that could have serious consequences. Getting advice from others will always be helpful in making the right choices.