The Face That Scared The World

We have all hear about this "Face" right ? , Well if you haven't Is really just a landform. The other Scientists has all of these people rallied up because they think that aliens are to exist. That cannot be possible because , if aliens existed then why are we just finding them? Wouldn't we already have proof of their existence ?

Then Again , there are all types of landforms on earth some man made and more of the natural kind , So basically what you guys are saying is that if we find landform that looks like something is automatically aliens ??? what about mount rushmore ? That is a man made structure not saying that the "face" is man made but its just not relevant to get all of this contrversy about something that we barely know about .

So Therefore, You guys really dont know what the structure is. none of us know what "it" really is , It might look like a face but aliens are just not relevant enough to believe that they actually did something of this nature. i personally do Not believe in aliens , well would you blame me ? We have been to the moon, we have had a rover on mars for years ! and what do we get? nothing , just a rocky surface . no aliens , no water , No life period.

Nevertheless, even though in paragraph 10 it says, "that that put out The maximum camera resoulution and each pixel spans 1.56 meters thats still not giving us any proof . We have been on this "Aliens Are Real" Stuff for a while now , and we dont have nothing that proves it. Don't you guys think that we should just cut it all out the picture ? we are wasting money on absoutely NOTHING.

Finally , as I finish my statement I will just say that im'm not telling you guys to give up on your research , Not at all . but all I am saying is That If your gonna try and find these "aliens" of yours Atleast have some proof of their existance. Then Maybe I'll Believe You all when You do it. Thats all i have to say , I plead my case now . Goodluck with your research .    