Dear Floridas state senator, I am righting this letter to tell you about why I think that we should ude the popular vote for the president of the United State. I have three main resons i would like to touch up on. It will give the poeple of the United States the chance to say who they want in the congree and say who we wnt to be our presedent. The Electoral College is not a democratic way of handleing it. But on the down side it can make things very unorganized, having us worry about every little person we have to put into congress.

In the United States we are a eaqual and fair contry, but with the Electoral College it does not us, the people of our fine nation the one to elect our presadent. It does not give us the freedom of making our own choices n who want to run our contry. But if we use the popular vote for the presadent of the united states it lets us, the people choose. It lets us the poeple the right to use our own opion and our own thought on who should run this country. Every person in this cutry has a voivce they do and they should be able to speak with thier voice.

If we use the Electoral Colledege it is not democratic. It does not let us the people choose. The Electoral Colledge baseecely sees that the citizens of our contrys opions do not matter. They are saying that the Electoral Colledges votes matter the most those are the only once we are worrying about. But thats not true our opion does matter, we are what make up this amazing cuntry not just the Electoral Colledge.

But you see there is up side to using the Electoral Colledge. It can keep us organized and what i mean by that is it will help the pople know who exactly all comes with the vote of the presedent. It also makes it alot esier to just vote for one group instead of voting for all 34 people. It will keep the people from accsadentaly voting for the wrong group. It will help the poeple make there desion on what they think best and not hat they have been told is the best choice.

The popoular vote for presadent is the best way to go. It gives the pople a voice and the Ellectoral Colledge isnt democratic. But the Electoral Colledge keep us, the people organized and helps us make the right decition.                    