What is the electoral college? is when the people voten for meeting the President and Vice President of the college, is a process, not a place and is a election of the president by a popular vote of qualified. The opinion of people is that is a good form of meeting a President and Vice President the reason for is good an electoral college is because having of discussion the work and  your can see from who vote.

One of the reason of What is the electral college? is that having of discussion the work. Acording to the lecture "

Does the Electoral College Work?

(source1:What is the electoral college?)

" say that  " For this reason, in the following dicussion, the word "state" also refers to the district of Columbia.". Is that take one refers the District of Columbia that no is a bag idea tha is a good idea. The conclusion is that is good that saying the discussion of the work and that your can see from who vote.

One of the reason of What is the electral college? is that your can see from who vote. Acording to the lecture "

Does the Electoral College Work?

(source1:What is the electoral college?)

" say that "The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A masjority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. Your state's entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation: one for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators...." . No to all people that like this because no feel preparate for this so for this no vote. And the concluding for this reason is that no is only good knowing the discussion of the work that is good your can see from who vot and feel preparate for take a decission.

More people say that no have a problem if have or no have a President or Vice president,this is no good because a President take decission importants and the Vice President help to President to take this decission. For this have take good decission in the moment of the vote. The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November.

The conclution of this is that know of discussion of work and know for you one vote and this acording whint this.                       