Your principal has decided all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I agree because now days all kids do is stay home and be on there phones and do nothing. I know that because I used to do the same thing before and i didn't like to do anything at all but then I started playing a sport and it help a lot but i think that. Participating in a extracurricular activity may help you by staying healthy, get you out of trouble,and get you in a good college.

one example is staying healthy by playing a sport you can help prevent a lot of things like maintain a good weight, and keep you from getting sick. Keeping a good weight is good for your health because it keeps you from getting other diseases,more than 1/4 of the people in the U.S. are obese. Why not start at a young age and prevent from being sick and other things. Another thing that can help is eating healthy, we can prevent sickness to in order to do that you might want to think about trying out a new sport.

Another example is getting you out of trouble you can avoid a lot of drama. I learned that social media can get you into a lot of trouble, half of the time a lot of the drama comes from social media. Maybe if you join a club or a sports team you can think before doing something that can get you in trouble. One time my friend made the soccer team but she got in trouble so they kicked her off the team and she learned from her mistake and never got in trouble again. When in your in a cub or playing a sports half of the time you don't have time to be in drama get in trouble.

Last example is joining a club, working on the year book,serve in the student council and, playing a sport can get you into a good college now a days colleges are looking to see if you have participated in any sports or clubs. When i graduate high school i want to go to college and a study to be a general surgeon and participating in a sport or joining a club can help me get into a college. You meed new people when you join new clubs and make new friend ships. When you want to go into a club or in sports do something that you like not something your friends like or something that can help you in life with.

In conclusion staying healthy,getting out of trouble,and going into a new college can help you when you participate in a extracurricular activity. staying healthy by playing a sports and eating healthy can prevent you from getting sick. Staying out of trouble can avoid a lot of drama from school and social media think before you do something your going to regret . Joining a club or participating in a sport can help you get into the college you want and you can meet new people and make new friend ships.