To Who it May Concern,

Our school is a very complex school, with different varieties of personalities. Some people may find it relaxing to help others while some may not have the time to do so. Community service such as picking up litter on a busy high way or walking dogs for people who don't have the ability to do so would, in my opinion, builds character. Community service will help many others while making the students stop and realize that when you help people they may be helped in return. I think it would be a good idea to offer community service but I do not think it should be mandatory. Helping others is very important and will not only help the person the services are being provided for but also the helper. All and all school is a place for education some may debate , but along with education you need responsibility which some students lack. Maybe offer certain community services as extra credit. hold a meeting 1 day a week during study hall/ advisory, or after school for dedicated students to brainstorm various ways to help the community. As the principle and the final say in all school aspects I think it would be very rewarding to every one if we started community service as a school. It would also give the school a better name and more and more people would want to volunteer and help the school out. We could hold monthly annual field trips to various highways or if that may cause unnecessary commotion even a retiring home and visit with the elders. Any little thing could help. All students should want to help others but the reality is not all care as much as others. I think its important to instill the proper traits in school but its not just up to us. I propose that twice a week we go from class room and recycle old and unused paper. As for mandatory community services I don't think it should be, but I do think it would be very appreciated to many to offer community services to the population. Parents might even want to get involved and before you know it others will want to start. If you start with something minor and work your way up others will want to participation when they thinks its easy. My proposal to you is that we offer many different variates along with different time fames to offer our time and support of those who are willing and ready to perform acts of pure good deeds to further better our community. I also think that in America it only takes one person to make a change and with this i say it will catch on and America will be a better place to live, love, and work in peace.