Yes i think the students are benefit because they don't need come to schol just what they have to use is a cumputer. and i think is more better because you can do more thinks in you home you can help you family. and you have time to work and you can study in the same time. and they can make money because after you done with the high schhol if you want to continue in the university. and you have money you can continue. and if you come to school you have time to work. and if you study from you home you have time to study and so more think. Because a lot of people don't came to school because they need money to buy food and pay his rent because they don't take help from his family. For my example i came to school because my family help me but a lot of people from others country came to this country and they don't have family here so they wanna study but they wanna help his family and his county and if a lot of school have the program what you can take class from you home i think is more better because you can do a lot of thinks for example i know a lot of people they wanna study but they need to work so they say they can't study and work in the same time so they have to take one of two option so they have to pick one and they say they wanna work because if they go to school they can't make money and if they work they can buy his food and they can pay the rent for example i have one cousin he was in school and he need just one year to graduate but when he was in schhol his mom said he need to work because she don't wanna pay his rent anymore and he leave the school and he dedicated just to work because he need pay his rent and if school have the program he can work and he can study too that one is to sad because he ned just one more year to graduated and he don't graduated because he need pay his rent tha's want i think is a lot of school have the program they help a lot of guys

Here is one more example a lot of people live in mountains and the bus don't go so they don't have transportaion so they don't come to school that is sad because maybe they wanna study and they can't come. i know people in west virginia. they don. t go school because the school is like 1 hours and they don't have transportation. and if all the school in united state have the program they can help a lot of familys and they cxan open a lot of doors for the people.

Here is another example i have one friend. He come to school just one or two days per week. Because he need to work. Because he said he have to work because he don't have money for buy food and pay rent in the same time that is sad because he said i want to graduated but i can't because i havde to work for pay my rent and buy my thinks. and if schools have the program they can help him to do his gol.

I meet one friend in walmart last week i play for soccer team in Generic_City . and i was with my short that say barsity in the from of the short. and the guy said hey in think i know you and i said where you saw me. and he said in Generic_City and. He ask me if i'm in Generic_City now and i said yes and you and said i'm not in school anymore. and i said why and he said because inmigration took my parents and they send to my country and i'm alone in this country so i need to work for pay a lot of think. and he said i wanna study but i can't because i can't do two thinks in the same time. and said my gol is work with police and i said hey wanna you don't study in the day and work in the night and he said i can't because i have to help my parents in honduras because id i don't send money to then they can buy food.

my mom maybe love if i take class onlines because she work all day. if i take class online and can help her to do thinks in my home because she go to work in the morning at 7 am and she came back at 5 pm and the end she go to the part time and she come back at 11:45 pm and if i take class online i can wok too and i can help her with think in the home and money to pay a rent she is to old.

There are some kids that don't go to school, having the schhol next to thenm, but there is alot of people out here that are thing to go to school or at less take onlne classes but they can't because they have to wotk some of the people even have two jobs.