I think they can attend to do it at home to finish their assignment. You can search the website up so that you can finished it the assignment to handle it in to your teacher if you missing anything from your others class you can finished with your others class you have with your schdule. If you stuck on the question go asked your teacher to helped you out now go to any comptuer that you wanted to be in you have to sign in thorugh your computer to logn in now you hace to wait unitl the screen show up and now go to the website that is on your paper to finished on your assignment on your homework.

First now go to any comptuer that you wanted to be in you have to sign in thorugh your computer to logn in now you hace to wait unitl the screen is done. Now listen to your teachers to follow the dirction how to go in the website. If you didn't finished the assignment that you can finished it at home. When you take your worksheet home you have to bring it back if you didn't finished it your assignment it be came homework. Now the teacher said now sign off the computer the bell will ring in about 5 minutes left to go your next class.

I went to my next class and I have next is Comp Skills so I asked the teacher can you able to help me to finished my other class? the teacher say yes, I would like to help you out to finish any homework that you are missing other class. But, first do it in your own first if you stuck with a question you can go asked your teacher to helped you out faster way. Now you can turn the assignment in to your teacher to put the grade in for you to boost your grade up then your parents like it to have A or B in the others class. Now it's lunchtime we have a break what working on we will coming back to finsihed it up see if you have anything you missing to your other class started working on it.

I think you can making your own music video it's really difficult to put in all the shot you have if you have all the shot now you can edit the video by yourself. You can looked up search how you edit your video to upload it on your Youtube Channel so you saw it the video if you still stuck you can watched again again over again in till you know how to edit it your video. If you seen the video when

I edit the music video if you see it perfect you can upload your Youtube Channel so it will be a lot of people want to see music video I have been doing since my career. You can go asked your friend to see your music video you have done in your future since when you were a little kid you want to be singing career but, it's hard to lived far away your parents but it's ok you can text them you are okay or you can facetime with them and see how well you being doing without your parents with you.

Your friends text you that it's was amazing song you have been writing on well thank you you guys for cheering me since I make these song was in my heart. I text them that one day we should hang out sometimes that getting to know each other more or playing some games together or going to your friends house to do something for ours Youtube Channel for us to making some more money to making all these video it was my career to doing this I was 15 years old

I know how to making a video to see how much money I making this video I would proud to myself that I will making more money to raising my parents just like they raising me when I was a little kid now I have to raising them back. If I asked one of my firends that can we making video together so that we can make it as a teammate for making money to raising ours parents we can making a video anything you want in your past of years you been doing right now. From Elementary school I join chorus I really do liking it so the next year I join chorus again but I really want to do something different it's means to me that I really want to have a solo but it's came true I have solo it's the lion king song. On Sunday, when I'm in still teenager after Chinese New Year coming up very soon at my temple so I sign up for singing a song for Tet so I have a wonderful time on Sunday I was singing and dancing it's was really tired while singing and dancing at the same time.

I think agreed to this prompt because you can attend the website at home also that you can see your classmate on the list that you do well on the test or didn't do well on the test too. You always have to sign in your computer to the website that you have to working on with your assignment. Making videos when you were a little kid making more money out of it making videos with your friends or you can do traveling making video or making music video. Sometimes I like to performance on my temple or at school or you can practice at home dancing or singing.