Over the years, the use of technology in schools has become more and more normalized, Sites, such as Blackboard and Google Classroom are used throughout the school year by teachers, students, as well as parents. There are many people that are skeptical about these changes, but especially the idea of schooling through online programs. Some feel as through it isn't in the best interest of students, and shouldn't replace a traditional education. Although some disagree, students would benefit from attending classes at home because it'll improve mental health and allow more flexibility.

Students would benefit from enrolling in courses at home because it'll simply be easier for some. Mental illness can be very debilitating and can significantly affect a student's performance in school. A lot of the time, this is overlooked, or simply ignored, as it is often stigmatized. Conditions such as anxiety and depression are common examples, and stress will simply exacerbate one's symptoms. Such things would make attending school extremely difficult for some students. Being able to do coursework at home would likely alleviate the problems they were having before, allow for improvement, and later success. Other things that people don't always think about, or may even look down upon, is treatment and recovery. Relapse, tragedy, etc would be common examples as well. Being able to do courses online might be the best option for someone that wants to take time off to get better, and return to school once they're ready. In conclusion, people face situations that others might not even think about, and so they shouldn't be stripped of an option that would ultimately be best for them.

Students would benefit from enrolling in courses at home because it allows for more options. Some may do better by planning out their day based on what works for them. For example, school is typically an 8 hour day, from 9am-3pm, 5 days a week. This is probably fine for most, but others simply can't operate like that. For example, some people might feel more attentive in the evening, and therefore can be more productive then. Some might have a hard time focusing for long amounts of time, and do better with breaks throughout the day. The list goes on. Traditional education is usually very restrictive and doesn't accommodate for people that don't do well with said issues. Another reason this would be a better option for students, is so that one would be able to plan out their day and fulfill responsibilities. This might be work, taking care of siblings, or parents, and so on. But, it might also include other activities, like sports, music, travel, etc. Online schooling would be convenient for those with different lifestyles. In conclusion, all of these things would be made possible while allowing a student to receive adequate education.

Many people make the argument that doing courses from home isn't an appropriate way of learning, and should be done in the classroom. Reasons will include things like, "it's an excuse for students to continue bad habits and remain irresponsible", "it was good enough for us back then", or "they should be able to do it like everyone else", etc. Some may hold such opinions because it's simply an unconventional way of learning, or allows students the freedom to do things their own way. But it stems from the belief that a student's reasoning behind it are unacceptable. There's also an assumption that homeschooling is a new concept, when it's not. The only thing that's changed is one's ability to access resources from home, through their computer. Adults essentially do the exact same thing when they do their own work from home. This is known as teleworking . For example, my mom, an economist, gets to do this several times a week because it gives her a flexible schedule. Certain occupations, such as computer asssistance allow for this too. If reasons that include mental health, or individual preferences applies to both adults and students, why should there be a double standard?

In conclusion, the most important thing is that all of us have an opportunity for success, and whether one gets there online or on-site shouldn't matter. Everyone's situations aren't the same, and so each individual one should always be considered, not compared to others. Advancement of technology has helped many people all over the world, regarding education. The ability to receive an adequate one is essential for one's success and benefits the many people who don't have access to it. This not only includes K-12, but post-secondary education as well, as online degrees and certifcations are continously being introduced.