My fellow citizens, allow me to make an urgent announcement. Stop with the constant use of cars. It's damaging not only us, but the environment. We live in aworld where cars are now becoming a major trend, and we're driving them more and more. If we keep drawing that pattern, we won't have a stable world to live in.

I'm not saying to completely stop using your vehicles, although we might see a larger change than expected, what I'm saying is to manage your car usage wisely. Every time we pick up the keys, start our engine and take off to the nearest grocery store, we add a larger threat to the environment. In 'Paris Bans Driving Due To Smog' by Robert Duffer, it informs of the enforcement France is taking to clean up it's polluted cities. Duffer shows us how "the smog" that invades the city became a rival to Beijing, China, which is known as the most polluted cities in the world. Imagine going outside to see the beautiful sun, and instead open the door to cars delivering blinding "smog." We can't allow ourselves to become the most polluted cities, and the first step is to manage ourselves with our cars.

There's some of us who suffer from stress and anxiety. There's some of us who look at our community and are probably never wanting to go outside again. That is not a community to live in. We deserve to feel relieved, relaxed, and renewed from time to time. In 'Car-Free Day Is Spinning Into a Big Hit in Bogota' by Andrew Selsky, it demonstrates a perfect example. Selsky writes about a "Car-Free" day in Bogota, Columbia, and a man shares his side of this event. Carlos Arturo Plaza tells us, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air polluton." Selsky writes in paragraph 28 the benefits of this event. He writes, "Parks and sport centers bloomed... Dramatically cut traffic... New restaurants and shopping districts developed." Look what we can accomplish from not using our cars as much.

We're in a time where money is the top priority in our lives. All those gas prices, and the car insurance car owners must pay is ridiculous. Sometimes people can't even sleep at night due to all the thinking of "how will I pay this?", or "how will I pay that?" It later becomes a constant battle. This is when technology comes in handy. Now with the common "Facebook" and other social media, we're able to connect more and more. It's sad to see people waste their money going to a friends house for probably an hour or so, when they can just talk virtually. Elisabeth Rosenthal, writer of 'The End of Car Culture,' most likely will agree with me. Rosenthal inputs Mimi Sheller's say in all this. Sheller is a sociology professor at Drexel University, and she cites important factors on paragraph 35. "Internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends." Why drive and pay for gas when you can get on the web? You'll be glad you did.

Now, many will be able to disagree with me saying that, "we need cars to drive long distances," or, "I rather pay and have my own privacy then be with twenty people I don't know on a bus." That's fine. I'm not saying to wipe out the fact that you have a car, all I'm saying is to use it wisely. Drive long distances, not short ones that can take you ten minutes to walk. "What about the people who work in car companies?" Well, if we all followed what Bogota is doing and develop shopping districts and renewal companies, I'm sure there will be many jobs available. No matter the pay, you'll still have no worry about your automobile bills, which will help you save a huge amount of money. We need to save ourselves from driving and polluting the earth, or else we won't have a great life to live. Blinding smog will cover the sky, and many won't be able to enjoy the rich outside there once was. All we will see are streets instead of parks. We need to stop ourselves from driving too much in order to live to the fullest.    