I don't believe the students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. First of all, the research showing there is a lot of chance to know about the distance. It's hard to make the online or video to offer the distance. Because when the students are in online or when they try to make video they are not going to take care them self. For example: I remember when I was six grade my friend PROPER_NAME was making online video. We went to classes from home to know how far it is. On that time she just focus on her video she wasn't focus on her way. After that, she try to cross the way but she still making video. She didn't saw the car she try to cross the road. So,she got some accident because of the video and she just focusing what she is doing.

The most important way is to offer the distance classes from home is using map. It's easy to know how far or how close it is. Other ways, the students have to take care there self when they are in the way because there is a lot of car.

Additional, there are not going to take care them self when they are making online or video. They just focus what there are doing. For example: when I was tine grade I remember my friend PROPER_NAME she was eleven grade.

She try to offer the distance for her friend by making video. When She was school from home. Then, she started showing the way. On that time, she wasn't take care her self because she was focusing the video.

Next, she try to cross the way by raining. She didn't pay attention the way and she got car accident. On that time she passed away she died. I agree some students think they would benefits from being able to attend classes from home. But most of them are not going to take care them self because there are not focusing the way. They just focusing what there are doing or they just focusing online or video. Additional, using map is butter than making online or video. Other ways its hard to make online or video for offer the distance. Most students are not going to focus when there are making that.

In conclusion, I don't believe the students would benefits by way of online or video to offer the distance. There is other way to offer the distance from classes to home.