After reading the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" i have came to the conclusion that i am against these vehicals. They're not the safest vehicles, could be really exspensive, and can cause issues with the law.

Vehicals that dive on there own can be very dangerous. Think about all the programming and manufacturing that would be in these cars, what if something goes wrong on the interstate? I know that the article says , "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills" what if the driver cannot regain control of the vehicale when they need too? Major accidents can happen and can cause fatal injuries or death. There's already many wrong things that happen on the roads everyday , with people in control of their lives. So are you really going to let little computer chips control it for you?

Another thing wrong with these cars is the price tag! These cars could cost up too a fortune. Have you ever seen the ones in movies? Normal mininmun wage people could never afford these vehicals. Car companies would raise be required too raise the prices on their cars because of all the extra electronices they would have to be put in these cars , so they can make the as safe as possible. Sooner or later all of the vehials could cost over $50,000 and a lot of people have trouble making that much money over a span of 2-4 years.

The biggest reason i am against these cars is because the issue they can cause with the law. I know everybody has heard of a DUI , driving under the influence, charge. You get these if you are caught driving with a alcohol level over the state law , what happens if someone is completely drunk but the car is driving itsself? Does this give people the right to be intoxicated on the rodes because if somethig happens and the driver has to take control of the wheel they could kill somebody or theirselve. I feel like people would abuse these vehicals and do everything in them that they couldn't do in a normal car because at the end of the day they aren't driving. So this really goes back too the point that these vehicals aren't safe.

I hope after this artical people and car manufacturing companies would go back and rethink this idea. I hope they realize that these vehicals aren't the safest, can be really expensive, and will cause problems with the law. 