Have you ever been faced with a boring computer assignment? Maybe you have dreaded coming to school or finishing your homework? As technology is advancing and more of the classroom is found through an electronic device, some students may find themselves losing interest in their daily lessons. What if this could be changed by a system that takes your facial expressions into account and accomodates to your mood? Right when the assignment has begun to lose your interest, this system could sense the change and alter the lesson plan to regain your interest. The Facial Action Coding System may be valuable and allow for improvement to be made within classrooms and within students.

Initially, as technology is advancing daily and students find themselves online more often, this system could improve their lessons. Electronics as of now are programmed to teach a student however are unable to sense how the student is feeling or how they are actually doing on their assignment. As the author states in the article, "most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication" something which computers are unable to detect (para. 6). Not only this, but the author gives an analogy that states "if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a smilar ad might follow" and explains that in a classroom, similar techniques can be applied to benefit the student (para. 6). Using this program will allow technology to advance and in turn will benefit the student.

By the same token, using this sort of technology in the classroom will keep a student engaged during their lessons. When Dr. Huang describes how this system can engage a student he states, "[the computer] could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored" and further explains that "[the system] could modify the lesson" to acomidate to the students needs (para. 6). In a normal classroom, when the teachers method of teaching is confusing students, the teacher should find a different way of teaching to engage students. The author also explains how the system is able to read six different emotions and can "identify mixed emotions" to allow the system to see if their methods are benefitting the student (para. 4). This computer system would be valuable when keeping the students engaged.

Finally, this system may change the ways in which many students view school. It is no secret that many students dread coming to school, whether it be from stress, bullying, or simply not understanding the subjects. This system can pick up on a fake emotion, the author explains how it can read a "fake smile" and that to them "faces don't lie" (para. 8). If this system is able to sense when a student is unhappy or angry, this could be used as an advantage in helping the student. Not only this, but the author explains that "moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but may even help produce them" (para. 9). Taking both of these statements into account, and allowing them to be incorporated into the classroom, students may enjoy attending school and learning new things.

Consequently, this system would be valuable to classrooms and would allow for improvement to be made within schools and the students. Overall, it is evident that computers are unable to read emotions and reciprocate to the individual adequately. This system might prove to reengage students in their learning, and improve their moods altogether. If you had the choice to experience in this program within your classroom, what do you thing the outcomes may be? 