the challenge of exploring venus is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. however, this nickname, is misleading since venus is actually a planet. In a solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun.

they call venus like the earth twin..

Venus is the closest to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. Earth, venus, and mars,our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds. While venus is simple to see from the distant but safe ventage pointof Earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely.

MY ESSAY.

The callenge of exploring venus is one of the biggest points of light in the night sky, these differences is speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars and others times to venus. Because venus is sometimes right aroundthe corner in space terms humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud draped world A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent dioxide blankets venus. Also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature af any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most Earth like planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth. Today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such ass valleys, mountains, and craters. Imagine a blimp like behicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. However, peering at venus from a ship orbiying or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions bacuse most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendiring standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent dioxide blankets venus. 