Summer projects are no fun, but they are a great way for students to be engaged in their studies over the long summer break. In my experience, whenever I had summer projects given to me by a teacher, I did better in the class because on the first day of school I already had some knowledge of the topic.

I think summer projects should be teacher designed because it will make it easier on their students, and help them learn about a new topic they never researched before.

Students are busy in the Summer, witch is why a teacher- designed projects are better for them. It may be summer break, but most students get jobs or go on vacation with their family, this is where a teacher designed project is better. If all the Student has to do is follow the teachers outline instead of coming up with ways to make a unique project on a topic they have never learned of before. The ideal summer project is also not one that is supposed to be tedious, but one that will help student gain the basic knowledge needed for the class. Not a super stressful project that is left for the students to do with no outline or help from the teacher. I think because this is the first time the students are learning about this topic it is better if the teacher makes a template for the students to follow so they do the correct research. It will also take the stress of their chest so they can enjoy a nice summer break but learn at the same time.

Researching a topic you never learned of before is a hard task, especially in the summer witch is why summer projects should be teacher- designed. When learning about a new subject it is better if someone is there to help you, instead of jumping into a project. Then you have to do a lot more research and it may not all be correct, and you wont be able to tell because this is your first time learning about the topic. If a teacher was there help guide you through the project it will make the research easier and more reliable. Another benefit is that Students will focus more on the learning part of the project more because they dont have to make their own with the little to no information they know about the topic. I feel the like a whole student- designed project is too stressful for them to do in the summer, because they lack the knowledge and discipline, so if it was teacher orientated it is a guarantee that the students will learn the correct criteria. A teacher- designed project is more beneficial to the kids rather than a student- designed.

Not everyone agrees with me, some people will say that a student designed project is more beneficial for the kids. They will argue, and say its summer the students should do their own project and do it in their own time. That wouldnt work because they dont know anything about the topic, and they will procrastinate and do it the last week of the summer making it rushed and it wont be beneficial to them at all. They might also argue that students dont want to be pestered about how teacher want the work to be and it is a time for a little freedom and they can do a fun project that they deigned all by them self. Pushing creativity is good for students, but in I feel like a summer project is something you do so you can have knowledge of the topic when school starts, instead of something fun youll forget about in a week or two. There are arguments for student based projects but in the end my opinion will still stand that a teacher- designed project is more beneficial for the students.

I feel like teacher- designed projects are the best for students for two reasons, It will make it easier on the students to learn about a new topic they never learned of before, and its easier for them in the summer. Some may feel that this isnt best and a student- designed project is more beneficial, but in the end my opinion will remain the same and that is, that teacher-designed projects are the way to go. 