State Senator,

I personally believe that not only our state, but our nation would be better off using the Electoral College voting. In my opinion elections based on popular votes would bring in more votes for a specific candidate due to the assumption that is's a fair way to vote and it all comes back to the voters. Yes, some other citizens might go against this claim, but they don't know what it's all about.

The Electoral College voting system has been around for a while

What is Electoral College?

by the Office of the Federal Register states that "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by popular vote of qualified citizens." Which proves that it's been around since the beginning of America's establishment. The process of Electoral College voting consists of the selection of the electors (the people who actually get to decide on the vote casted.) Under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution the District of Columbia is treated like a state, and is "allocated 3 electors" for the purpose of voting. The voting can be considered fair because "each candidate has his or her own group of electors", generally chosen by the candidate's political party,but state laws can vary that determine what or who the party consists of. Some voters may believe "the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational", from

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer Which brings me to my next point.

It all comes back to the voters. The represenatives from each state represent the voters from the sate they are chosen to do so. The voters vote on them. "Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming, represnting 500,000 voters would have as much to say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million", also from

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong . Rephrasing an expert from

In defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner It is the most thoughtful voters who get to decide on the election. I'm sure the states don't just choose random people, because the people that are elected by the state to vote are also from that state, and they are normal (more thoughtful) voters, who deserve to decide. "It can be argued that the Elecoral College method of selecting a president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope in carrying their state" for example Democrats in Texas, or Republicans in California, "knowing that their vote will have no effect" but that's their call the VOTERS call, if they don't want to participate in the voting it's partially their fault the candidate they favor doesn't get selected.

So yes, not only our states but our Nation will be better off if we keep Electoral College voting in place. Like I said in the beginning when I made my claim, elections based on popular votes would bring in more votes for a specific candidate due to the assumption that is's a fair way to vote and it all comes back to the voters. Research artiles and see for yourself. Eventually you'll swing over into the understanding.    