Dear Principal,

I think that what you are doing is wrong. Students should not be obligated to do community service if they do not want to.

I do know that community service is great for helping other people or just cleaning around, but some students do not want to do it and some have sports or other things to worry about and i just think it could cause so much stress to students. Community service should come from the heart no because one is obligated to do it , at least what you should do is tell the students that community service will give you extra credit , i am sure that many students will join immediately just because of that.

Here is one example why you should not make it mandatory for students to provide community service, well it would cause more stress to the students. Most students stress about homework, work at school , grades ,sports ,etc. , if they are obligated to provide community service then that would be just another thing to stress about , and i am sure nor you or the parents want to see a stressed or depressed child.

Another reason is because if students do community service it is because they want to, in order for you to provide some community service it has to come from your heart. The majority of students that did not want to provide community service will hate it and some may even hate you. Some students might even leave the school because of that. Some rebellious students might even mess up the work that others have done in the community because they feel they do not have to work.

I can give you many ideas though on how to get students to provide community service with out any obligation. For example provide a prize for the students that do more community service, that will have students provide more community service then they use to. Also you can give them extra credits for any class, the students will have credit for every day that they provide community service, the credits begin to stock up and the students will have the option to choose any class/subject that they want or need those extra credits for. As you can see i have some good reasons on why you should not make it mandatory, but if you feel like students need to provide more community service then use some of my ideas. As a student i think that if use you use at least one of those ideas that i stated then more students would join. Thank you four time and i hope you decide on what is best for the students.