In this essay you will see reasons for the people who think it was created by aliens, and the people who think that it was not created by aliens. You will also see textual evidence for those reasons that we have. In this article we will be talking about " The Face on Mars". So here our the reasons for us to think it was created by aliens and for it not to be created by aliens.

I believe that the face n mars was not created by aliens. I believe that because of how the "face" has evolved. In 1976 the face looked like a face. In 1998 it started to not look like a face at all. In 2001 it just looked like a rock. So i believe that it was not created by aliens but that it was just something the olanet had made itself. This has certainly got the attention of the people.

The "Face on Mars" is not a face. If you look at the pictures from 1976, and 1998, and 2001 and in the text it says that the photo from 2001 is the most recent photo that NASA has. It still looks nothing like a face so since the 2001 picture is the most recent it shows that it is just a natural landform. It is just a natural landform. On Mars there are natural landforms everywhere and the fade away. Here on earth natural landforms are created everyday.

This article it also states that the "Face on Mars" is really just a mesa. Which proves that the so called "face" is not a face and it is just a landform.

Others still thought it was a face. Those people thought that because of what the article says in parargraph 11. In paragraph 11 it states that " As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size, so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground, Egyptian-style pyramids, or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" So because of what they had said in that paragraph people believed that they had saw a face.

Those are the reasons for why people had thought that the "Face on Mars" was an actual face. Also the reasons why people thought that it was just a natural landform instead.      