Dear Florida State Senator,

We should work to abolish electoral collage, not just you and me but everyone in Florida and even in the united states. It is unfair to the great hardworking people of our comunity, what? Now they don't have a say so in who's running their country. This is all due to the fact that voters are not voting for a president any more they are voting for electors who then get to vote on our president. To me its not fair for anyone not us not you and not the president.

This electoral collage has been going on sence the founding fathers establisted it a long time ago. Which is saying a lot now that we have'nt tried to change it just like we have changed everything else they had set in stone a long time ago. To me it is just unfair, the people who live and breath in this "great" country don't even get to say who will manage them and make this country better.

The thing that doesn't make sence to me, probably because I can not vote yet, is the fact of we are going into the voting complexes (churches or schools) to vote on the president of the United States. But, insted they are actually just voting far a slate of electors who actualy get to vote on the president. It realy grinds my gears, so to speek it isnt giving us freadom in the most free country in the world it is taking away our civil rights as citizens to vote. The other thing that I don't like about the electoral collage is how their is an even number of electors. At least if they are going to keep the electoral collage they should have an odd number, just so their can't be a tie.

The electoral collage is unconstitutional and should be taken out of the system asap. It takes away our civil librities to make this country ours. As citizens of the united states we need to work to get it abolished and only then will we truely have a great union. So, what do you say Mr senator do you want to be in this same place 25 or 30 years down the road, or do you want to fight the good fight to stick up for what we as Americans beleave in?

Sencerly, PROPER_NAME            