Distracted Drivers

Many people claim having a phone while driving isn't dangerous. Nowadays accidents happen due to cell phones. We live in an age when many of us are excited by a call or text that we can't wait to answer. Texting while driving is a hotly debated topic that often divides opinion. It goes without saying that driving with a mobile phone is one of the most important issues facing us today. The following essay takes a look at both sides of the argument.

To start with our population on reasons why accidents happen are because of cell phones. First of all, it is worth considering that phones shouldn't be allowed on peoples hands while driving. Secondly drivers must have their phones on a phone holder to prevent getting pulled over and prevent an accident. Thirdly you must be focused while driving if you have passengers on board because you're putting their lives at risk. Therefore you shouldnt be holding your phone.

Another factor to consider is not just your cell phone but anything that distracts you like food, advertisements etc, can cause an accident. Last but not least that text or call can wait.

According to experts, more than 3,000 teens die to texting while driving. Research has found that driving while texting is six times more dangerous than drunk drivers. There are those who argue that phones should be allowed while driving. For example if an emergency occurs and someone is trying to get a hold of you, you would need your cell phone to stay in contact. Another example is if you are lost you can call someone for directions. There is always a solution to everything like having a car holder and putting gps rather than calling someone.

Although most drivers are in the age of driving, teens aren't supposed too. Teens have led to one of the reasons accidents happen. Despite the fact that they aren't supposed to be driving they are very irresponsible. On the other hand, adults are supposed to teach their kids the right way to drive, to always drive focus never look at other accidents deals in the street while driving always look ahead. However teens should drive with an adult past 7 pm.

As far as im concerned, we should always drive with a phone holder to prevent an accident. From my point of view accidents happen due to several other reasons but mostly because of our phones. Weighing both sides of the argument people have their own opinion on whether or not cells are distracting. My opinion about cell phones while driving is very dangerous, we shouldn't be allowed to grab our phones while driving. Now in georgia it's illegal to hold your phone, part of a sweeping hands-free law. Also to be careful on the road, you might run someone ever, you never know cause most people j walk. Whenever you go out on your car remember to put your phone on mute.                                        