In the passage "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. A positive aspect of driverless cars is Google cars have driven a million miles without a crash. The passage states, "Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues." According to the passage, a negative aspect for driverless cars is "Theses samrt-road systems worked suprisingly well, but they require massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical," so they would be expensive to upgrade.

My position on driverless cars is they would be more of a positive affect in the world. In passage states, "He envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system." Brin believes that the future's public transportation systems will all be driverless. Brin also believes such cars would fundamentally change the world. The passages states, "Television and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves."

To make the cars smarter, they need to have newer systems put into the car. The text states, "they needed a whole lot of senors." Google modified a Toyota Prius with position-estimating senors on the rear wheel. They also put a senor on the roof. Google had placed cameras and the rearview mirror. They placed four automotive radar sensors in the car along with a GPS reciever, and an inertial motion senor.

The passage "Driverless Cars Are Coming" states, "Senors are nothing new, of course." Automakers have been using senors for cars since the 1980s. They put them on the wheels for the creation of antilock brakes. The text states, "Within 10 years, those senors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the dangerof out-of-control skids or rollovers." The information from the brakes caused the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine.

The negative aspect of driverless drivers is why would anyone want a driverless car when that car still needs a driver? Huber states, "We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way." So some of the manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. The radar is a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. All-in-all to make a drverless car, it would be really expensive.