Summer projects are required in some schools so that students can keep learning over their break. I believe these said projects should be designed by the students and not by their teachers. One reason is students should be able to learn what they want. Another reason is the students will most-likely make their project shorter to complete which means more time to enjoy summer break.

Whenever you have a project it's always more exhaustive to complete when you are not passionate about the subject. When you are able to pick and choose the topic of what you learn though, you get inspired and are excited to do the project. I think that it is pertinent for students to have a strong passion for their work, it makes it far more enjoyable to do. For example, in my middle school, I was able to design my own project over the summer, and for the first time I actually had fun working, unlike my teacher made projects. It is highly necessary for the youth to learn attributes and skills they are personally interested in so when they get a job they know what their doing and are not filled with useless knowledge they don't need.

I also think that having a break is warranted if you are working hard, it helps rejuvenate and recollect yourself. Students need breaks and giving them an unnecessarily long project to do over their vacation takes that away from them. Families are also busy over break with traveling and seeing family members. Most of the time students lack the time to really put their best effort into their work. If you let students decide their workload and limit they will have a favorably less stressful summer vacation, giving them the rightful break they deserve.

I strongly believe that all schools that require a summer project should let their students decide what they want to accommodate their knowledge with not the teachers. Still, on the other hand, people might want teachers to create the projects, but students don't usually learn anything valuable to their selves if they aren't interested in the subject. So in conclusion, students should be permitted to mold their own summer break projects. Then at the end of the day, everyone is satisfied and able to learn what they want, letting students enjoy the vacation they are given.