Knowledge is power. Without it there can be no inventors, innovators, leaders, or progression of society as a whole. This concept is the purpose of education, the transmission of knowledge. Educating the younger generations is a major aspect of modern society. It is crucial for the progression of the human race. However, like all things, education is constantly adjusting to new discoveries and technologies. Online classrooms are being offered as an alternative to physically attending classroom sessions. Online education will benefit students much less than in class sessions by decreasing learning quality through ineffective education methods.

Lack of structure that comes with attending class from home will lead to an increase in procrastination among students which in turn will decrease their quality of learning. Five day school weeks with consistent schedules provide students with some sort of structure to their education. Without a schedule assisting students with time management, they become accountable for their own learning. This is an issue because most adolescents don't have a passion for knowledge or simply do not know why they have to go to school which makes it difficult to invest their time into something they do not really want to do. For example, I am passionate about lacrosse. I am willing and able to invest consistent time and effort into improving my stick skills, strength, and endurance. With school, on the other hand, I find it difficult to invest the same amount of time and effort into a class or specific assignment I simply don't have that much interest in. It is not until I am forced to complete an assignment by a due date, or study for an upcoming assessment that I put in the effort necessary to succeed. However, with a structured number of hours that I must attend school each week, I am forced to absorb the knowledge required to eventually complete the work due in my classes. Most students who are not super passionate about school would much likelier not pay attention in an online class, or not even attend altogether. Online sessions will be ineffective on student participation, leading students to a lower quality of learning or even complete lack of education. It is completely dependent on the student's thirst for knowledge, which may not be that important to them.

For the students who find some importance in education, it will be difficult to engage in effective communication without physical interaction with the educator which may increase confusion and lower learning quality. Student and teacher interactions in person can develop connections and a sense of trust that will help students better understand the concepts that specific teacher is teaching them. Online classrooms put a physical barrier between teachers and students which prevent any of these interactions. For example, my chemistry class does a flipped classroom, which is a teaching style where students are sent home to watch videos on the concepts of chemistry that we will later apply in class. I could wrap my head around some concepts, but some things just seemed unclear. When practicing writing out chemical reactions on my own, I had many questions that I needed to write out with my teacher in order to clarify. It was not until I came into class that I could sit down with my teacher and write out reactions with her that I fully grasped onto the concept. Similar to myself, it seems like most of my peers are hands on learners, where they understand concepts best when actually applying them and going through a process. This is an effective learning style consisting of developmental progression through the medium of a mentor, which in this case is the teacher. Online sessions lack this physical medium students can work with in order to fully understand concepts they are being taught, leading to ineffective education that will not benefit students.

Social interactions and collaboration with peers is a beneficial learning aspect that cannot be accessed at home. The classroom provides a social setting for students to work with each other, ask each other questions, and create connections that one otherwise could not at home. Class with friends makes education just a little more enjoyable. It is the slightest incentive for students to come to school with a smile on their face. I absolutely despise the subject of Calculus, but it is a class a have with some good friends and a teacher that I trust and respect. One morning I strolled into the classroom without a care in the world, until I was greeted with a test on derivatives that completely slipped my mind and I did not study for. One of my friends was in the same boat, which provided some sort of comfort. Our other friend quickly tutored us as we panicked to prepare for the test. We bounced questions off each other in quick, effective communication and suddenly I felt comfortable and prepared. I took my time, thought critically and made my way through each problem. I remembered my friends familiar voice and it guided me to completion. She was the reason I had passed the test. Communication with peers I have bonded with helped me to understand a topic effectively and efficiently. This is a huge benefit to education that is impossible to take advantage of through a screen.

The school system provides the adolescent generations with a structured path to developing knowledge as well as connections with fellow students and teachers that will greatly benefit them on their journey. Introducing online classrooms into education breaks the structure and neglects these important aspects to developing a quality understanding of knowledge effectively. Effective education is the gateway to a progressive future and the betterment of society as a whole. 