My thoughts on the google driverless car is simple. Once they are truly able to be autonomus and safe then you can put them out on the streets. So as of right now I think that they should not be on the streets. Stating my opinion and further explain I think that they will never get to a point full reliablity.

But once they are affordable for the average person. I know that people will but them like hot cakes. But what happens when an coustomer that has a self driving car hits a person without a self driving car; the car company and every one involved in the accident will go to court and fight. The car company will come out on top though; the big name car company will fight so hard that they will get a bill passed that bans all humans from driving!

This is also a reason that I am not for driverless cars. I dont want to be the person that is taken to the supreme court and goes against a big name car company, I dont wish that upon any one. I feel as If 90% is not enough for a car to be in charge. The car can not go through enough simulations to know how to travel through white out conditions, or even dangerous off road terrains. When you truly think about the cost and the time to get these on the road its not worth it. I would compare this to texting and driving how many teenagers had to die before we realised it was a problem?

How many will have to die for this inovation. We are not ready for this technology yet... Or maybe we are to prepared for this.

In this society hackers are becoming more and more dangerous. I know these autonomus cars will have to have google maps or be connceted to some kind of network. What happens when cars start getting hacked and maipulated what do we do about? What kind of insurance would be needed and how expensive would it be?

Even though I am against this, I still reconginze that there could be positives to this. Every day driving tasks would be handled in a fluid and orgainzed manor. When you are in the car you could truly connect with the people inside. Long trips would turn into exiting family times. There would be no need for all seats of a car facing forward.

Now refelecting on what I wrote I have realised that there is more that just safety in Inovative decisions. You have to consider what the majority of the people want. I know that many people will like this idea. My generation would be all over this, we are just a bunch of lazy tech heads. I think that self driving cars will connect with many people. Many people exept for me.