The article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" was a interesting factual article to read. My opion on driverless cars is they're not a good idea. I am against driverless cars. My reasons for this are an increasing rate of accidents, technology failing, and the cost. In the following paragraphs are reasons why I am against the ideal of driverless cars.

Starting off, my first reason for being against driverless cars was the increasing rate of accidents. Not all drivers pay attention to the road while driving (especially teens) and riding in a driverless car, coming into a situation that requires a human being to take control of the wheel can lead to accidents if they're not paying attention. The rates of car accidents are already high till this day, just imagine how high the rate would be having driverless cars. It may not even be the drivers fault, a glitch can happen with the car causing it to get into a accident injuring somebody, as said in passage 9; who's fault would it be then? The person or the manufacturers fault? That is my first reasoning opposing driverless cars.

Next, my second reason was the technology failing. We live in a society where technology advances EVERYDAY, but there is always a complications with technology. Updated technology isn't always perfect. For instence the computer system in the car could crash, shutting off the whole car, there might be a hay wire causing the car to spin out of control, causing an accident, and even a more dangerous situation the car could explode or catch on fire due to the technology. An example of today's most updated piece of technology that went bad is the "Hoover Board," many people could just be riding on it, and it could burst into flames. The same thing could happen with driverless cars.

Lastly, my last reasoning was the cost put into the car. Many companies say they plan to have driverless cars by the year 2020, the amount of the Driverless Car would be a ridiculous amount of money. If someone were interested into buying it the first thing, they should ask themselves "is it worth it?" Knowing the bad outcomes that could possibly happen. Not only would the car be super expensive, but also having to fulfill the tank with gas, and gas nowadays isn't the cheapest. But the most important question asking yourself before buying the expensive piece of technology, is it really worth how much it costs?

In conclusion, I am against driverless cars. The reasons are, increasing rate of accidnets, technology failing, and the cost. I myself would not buy this knowing the reprecautions. That is why I am against the ideal of Driverless Cars.