In the United States, every student is required to receive a K-12 education. Since technology has become such a big aspect of people's lives, many schools have started to offer online classes. This means that students have the ability to attend their classes from home. With the ability to learn from home, people have started to discuss whether or not this opportunity is beneficial for students. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because schools create a good environment for face-to-face help, there are less distractions in schools, and schools promote projects to improve life skills.

First, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because schools create a good environment for face-to-face help. Although technology has made many daily tasks easier, school is a place that shouldn't be taken lightly, and has endless advantages. One of the biggest advantages of taking classes at school is being able to receive help from peers and teachers whenever a student needs it. This may not seem like much, but having the opportunity to get face-to-face help whenever it's necessary can make a big difference on a student's academic success. Not to mention, there are minimal distractions in school that make learning easier than at home.

Next, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because there are less distractions in schools. A student's home is a place for relaxation and minimal work. When a person thinks about relieving stress at the end of the day, they think about going home. At home, it's easy to get distracted by the little things. It may just be a pet or the TV, but all of these things result in taking important learning time away from a student's day. At school, a student doesn't have time to get distracted. Lessons are taught and good amounts of work are assigned so a student stays busy. For example, if a student that learns from home has to write an essay, they are more likely to get distracted by the things in their home then get it done. However, a student that learns at school would get their essay done, knowing that it's easier to stay on task then get behind because of distractions. Having less distractions isn't the only positive of learning at school though. A student also gets to work on projects that will help them in their future lives.

Lastly, students would not benefit from learning from home because learning at school pushes students to do projects, which improve life skills. Projects have always been a way for students to collaborate with their peers. It may not seem like much, but projects teach teamwork, leadership, and knowledge skills. Projects also emphasize the importance of making friends and compromising with others to achieve success. Learning from home deprives students from working with their peers. The only way a student gets to be in contact with another person is if a student is video conferencing a teacher or staff member.

Some people may say that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Attending classes from home makes it easier for students to get an education without having to commute to schools. Not to mention, if a student didn't have to commute to school, they would have more free time to do extracurricular activities. However, students would not benefit from learning from home because schools offer face-to-face help, minimal distractions, and project-based learning that helps students learn essential life skills.