From the time we were young children, like around the age of five, we were brought up that school was a necessity and that we had to go. Me, being a black girl and all,my parents always reminded me that my assessors fought for us to go to school: "And you have no right not to go". Up until 2017 all we ever knew was that public school is the only way you can get your education. Now, all that's changed, there's talk about distance learning; which is a way students can attend class from home by online courses, or video conferencing. Allowing students to attend classes from home is a big mistake because it'll make cheating more frequent, it deprives students of a teacher forcing them to teach themselves, and it prevents them from obtaining social skills.

School is about educating yourself, so you can take on the great big world. When students decide to do distance learning, they take on the decision to learn everything themselves. Yes there are plenty of online videos and teachers you can watch in order to learn the information needed for testing, but who's to say that they're giving one-hundred percent correct information. There are literally whole human beings that will willingly teach over seventy-five students each day just for you're convenience. When I was younger my teachers used to score my writings with a three out of five or either a two out of five. That may not seem that bad, but from a girl who gets four out of five or five out of five on essays now, that's such an accomplishment. Of course I can't give myself all the credit because I know that it was my former teachers who built me to become the writer that I am now. Teachers literally made a writer out of a girl who couldn't even spell "great" correctly. Without teachers life is hard, and educating yourself will deprive you of the learning experiences like the ones that I encountered.

Having children to complete all assignments at home is very dangerous. Especially when they're left to test on their own. When left to test during distance learning there's nobody around to check whether you're actually learning the information or not. You could easily cheat on an at home test and not even know what you're being tested on. Once again the students partaking in this at home learning are depriving themselves of their learning abilities, this time by cheating. Cheating is never good, we learned that in school, and it gets you nowhere in life. At home distance learning opens the idea that it's fine to cheat when no one is watching. Do we really want the people that will soon lead this country to think that it isn't a big deal to cheat?

Adult figures, parents more than likely, had always made it clear that school is for work and not to socialize with friends. Well, I know mine did. My mom used to always get upset when she'd get an email home stating that I, Generic_Name, was being very talkative in class today. Besides the point, school made me become a social butterfly and it opened me up to a whole world of new and inviting ideas. It literally made part of who I am today. Without socializing and interacting with other students at school I would've still been lost or undecided in what I would like to do for my future. At first I was a shy little girl, but very talkative with only the people I knew personally. School taught me social skills at a very young age which allowed me to be comfortable around others, and it opened me up to be inviting to people I don't even know. See, children benefit off of public schools, but at home distance learning can't really benefit children in this area. Distance learning allows you to be by yourself, which isn't very good all the time. Too much time spent alone learning information by yourself can cause you to become a hermit, or even worse, it can cause you depression.

Some may say that distance learning is way more beneficial than public schools because you can learn at your own pace, you dont have to deal with any distractions, and it keeps you safe. While that may be true, distance learning can still cause major problems when you actually look at it. Home schooling, distance learning or whatever you want to call it is really allowing are kids to be lazy when it comes to learning. We are literally giving our kids a crutch right before our eyes and we don't even see it. Children need to stay in public schools and not participate in the at home distance learning. It isn't helping, nor benefiting the children of today's time. These we'll soon become the leaders of society. We need them woke an able to stand on their own two feet without this crutch that we're giving them, and to do that public school is the best option for the children of today. Not at home distance learning.                