Dear State Senator,

Honestly sir/ma'm i think that it would be way better if we just changed our election on popular vote instead of having it as an electoral college. Me personally i think that the whole electoral college thing is kinda dumb mainly because what it stated. That paragraph mainly talked about how the electoral college consist of 538 electors, and 270 votes are required to elect the president. Honestly it probably wouldnt be as difficult if you just voted on most popular. For example the "disaster factor" was named the single best argument and that was about how americans should be lucky that that 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century. Im not gunna lie there was a little bit of some negatives effect. For example if we would of did popular votes when president John F. Kennedy ran, he would of lost the election and had not became our prsident. Lucily we didnt change the system then, am i right. Although it has some negatives there is way more positive effects. Im not saying using the electoral college way is bad because they do have some good cause; for example there is atleast 5 good reasons. Hopefully you know all 5 but ill tel you my top 3 reasons on how the electoral college has some good effects. On good positive effect is how hey say it, "Everyone's President". What they mean by that is like how no region would have enough votes to elect a president. So a solid regional favorie like Romeny was in the south had no incentive to campian heavily in those states. another good reason was named "Big States". They meant like every big state like Texas lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the senate decreed in the constitution. One last reason was known as "Swing States". By that they meant like what had happened with Nixon and Clinton. They both had only 43 percent plurality of the popular votes while winning a major in the electoral college. But like i said there is still some negatives about it and my opinion like i said was to vote on popularity. So Mr/Mrs State Senator you got my opion, you should use it.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME    