In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author describes where the cars are now and how they are effecting society.

Even, after reading the passage, I don't believe that driverless cars should be a reality right now.

Maybe in a few years, when changes are made for safety precautions, but in the now, we can handle driving on our own.

Having the "smart roads" equipped with electrical cable or magnets, as General Motors and Berkeley engineers did in paragraph 3, would never work with rebuilding all new roads all over the world just for these cars.

Imagine the time and money spent just for these roads to be built.

And what will happen once the passengers are on a road without these "smart" adaptions?

Because of this, the next version of this driverless car is to rather equip the car with sensors and not the road itself as the Toyata Prius did in paragraph 4.

But no matter how many sensors, lasers, or recievers you have on this driverless car, artificial intelligence will never be as smart as human intelligence.

What will happen when a deer jumps out from a field, a pedestrian rides his bike, a child's ball bounces out from her yard, or a pothole comes near comes bouncing from her yard? Will the sensors and lasers notice the change and react as fast a human would?

Even if there is still a driver in the seat, as said in paragraph 8, what will keep their attention on the road and not fixated on their phone or other passengers?

No amount of buzzing or flashing lights will get the attention of the driver to whatever accident may occur quick enough to make a change.

If anything, the displays will make the driver panic in such a way that will make their safety decline further.

Driverless cars are especially targeted to keep those who would normally drive while under the influence of alchohol and others safe from them.

But once again, what if something should come between the car and where the car wants to go?

The "driver" under the influence of alchohol cannot to anything otherwise, especially with the displays distracting the driver further.

Without these driverless cars those under the influence would normally grab a taxi or ride home with a friend, but with the driverless cars, he/she would be a potential threat.

In conclusion, having driverless cars in the world would not be nearly as safe as human intelligence.

The driverless cars will be more of a distraction on to the passengers and essentially, will not help any of the passengers nor pedestrians around them.

There are much too many scenarios that could go wrong rather than if a human driver was actually in control.