I would say that we keep the Electoral College because it has worked over the past century so why change it now. The people voting don't always know what they want in a president they might be undecided and just choose the best looking one. I mean yeah some have their facts straight and know how the president they are voting is going to help the united states become a better country overall. When people have to much freedom they don't know what to do and do wrong choices so i think choosing a elector is a good thing they have studied the president and have heard countless promises that he has done. I mean he or she most likley will vote for the candiate running for president you did because he or she is a elector he or she gets the people who also voted for the same person as he or she wants.

I mean we people are still voting we still have the vote just that our vote goes to choosing a certain elector instead of just directly leaving it to the people to vote for a ceratin candiate running for president. By this the number is much smaller since each country is weighed and is worth certain points and decided by electors you choosed to trust to vote for the same president you did. You still are in control just that you choose somebody he/her is not likely to change his or her mind and vote for the exact person you want he or she to vote for. It stated in the article that "Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candiate's politcal party." I say that if the candidate political party chooses the electors then they must be good and the party must be sure the elector won't change his mind out of no where.

This does make the candiate running for president try to convience the electors he is the one they need and that he will help our country be better. This also helps the candiate running for president know what states he should go to since some states they already know they lost. It stated in the article that "A solid regional favorite, such as Romney was in the south,has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states that he knows he will win."So this keeps the president from having to go to every state because its just no based of popular vote and want every individual person votes for.

I think the Electoral college is great and well organized the process is good and the only thing is does is make the voting process more easier and ordered. I think we should keep it i mean it has had his troubles her and there but it has worked so good for such a long time. We don't want to change it and create choas since a lot of people are not use to change and don't take it quite well. I hope this is the way we keep on voting i think its great and that changing it would just make things harder on everybody.    