In 2002, a study showed that only 23% of Americans asked more than one person when seeking advice. However, asking more than one person for advice may get you different answers because people have gone through different experiences. They most likely had different outcomes, some good and others bad. Asking multiple people for their opinions can improve your knowledge because people have gone through different experiences, the elderly has lived through history, and even if people aren't there your peers post blogs and websites online.

To begin with, everyone lives their own life and makes their own decisions; therefore, they go through different journeys and down different paths. When I was little, my mother told me a story her parents told her when she was my age. It started out with my grandma, Generic_Name, being about twelve years old and not knowing what to do. She needed advice. My grandmother decided her best option was to ask multiple people and see what they had to say. Initially, she decided she would talk to her mom, my great grandmother, and she told her a story about what she did and how it went well when she went through the same experience. Next she decided she would talk to her dad, he told her the same story that her mom told her but from his point of view since he never had to deal with it. Her next choice was to talk to her best friend, Generic_Name, but she had an awful time with this when it happened to her, yet Generic_Name still gave her advice. Generic_Name was thankful she had asked three people because she received three different outcomes.

Additionally, an author once said, "Treat your elders with respect as they are older and wiser." The elderly has gone through going to school but while that happened and they were growing up they also lived through wars, poverty, some may have kids or even grandkids, and over the past about twenty or so years new ages/generations, and the upbringing of technology. The author mentioned "wiser", they have lived through so much and they were always learning something new. Therefore, they know a lot and can be another option for giving advice.

Lastly, whether the decision you have to make is life changing or a small choice there is always someone or something that can help. About two years ago my best friend, Generic_Name, called me and told me to come over as soon as I could. Not knowing what any of this was about, I rushed over there and she said she needed to talk. I listened while she told me this sad story about Generic_Name, her sixteen year old cousin, who was now pregnant. She continued to talk and asked me what I thought. I was speechless knowing that her cousin was thinking about getting an abortion. Generic_Name said that Generic_Name's parents and grandparents passed away in a car accident two months ago and Generic_Name was angry at the world so she went to a college party, had too much to drink, and met a guy. A month later, she found out she was pregnant and did not have anyone to talk to. She spent the next month looking up "How to take care of a baby", "Abortion", "Teen Pregnancy", and a lot of other things before she had talked to Generic_Name and asked for advice. Generic_Name had gotten some advice from blogs and websites online but she also wanted to talk to Generic_Name before she made a decision, but Generic_Name didn't know what to do, so she called me. The next week, we went to lunch with Generic_Name and had a long discussion. We didn't force her into or out of anything; although, we did give her our opinions. As we were leaving, Generic_Name mentioned that she was thankful that she looked up blogs and websites online and that she was able to talk to us. No matter how big or small the choice, someone is always there.

In conclusion, when you ask more than one person for advice it can better your understanding because people have had different outcomes with similar experiences, your elders are wiser and can be another option for giving advice, and if you do not have people to support you and give you advice, people in your community and around the world post websites and blogs online. Your peers, community, family, and friends are all there to support you and help give advice. No matter how big or small the decision is, someone is always there to help. Before making a life changing choice or decision ask multiple people for advice.         