Dear Principal,

I think you should allow students to have cell phones in school. I think that as long as they aren't using them in class it should be alright to have it with them. The only time students should be allowed to use them are during lunch periods, free times they have in school, in class if the teacher approves, but not in quiet places like the library. Students should be allowed to have them because in many schools teachers don't let the students use their phones because of either previous things that have happened or because they don't trust the students. Another reason they might not let students use their phone is because they just don't think they should. Students not being able to have phones in school can be a bad thing. For an example, if there is a fire or something bad has happened the teachers won't let the students call home or tell their parents they are alright. That would be bad for the students and the school because if the students don't call their parents they would be highly upset and it would be bad for the teachers and schools because many parents would be calling up to the school to make sure everything is okay. Another reason I think you should let students bring their phones to school is because if a student is in trouble or someone is trying to fight them they can call their parents and get picked up. This would help the students and principals/staff in the school because they won't have to deal with the drama. Another reason is because many students need their phones for numbers or directions to places they need to be after school or if they are leaving during school. My last reason is that if a close family member in a students family has died the parents can call their child to tell them. Cell phones are very important in students and parents lives. Now, if you have a child and something important happened or something happened that you needed to know about and the teacher wouldn't let your child call you wouldn't you be upset or worried? That's how many parents feel when they can't reach their child. Please consider this letter and think about how important it is for a child to bring their cell phone to school. Thank you for your time in reading my letter.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME