Why is the world the way it is? Is it this way because one person had one idea that the rest of the world followed or is it this way because multiple people have collaborated and asked for advice overtime? Throughout history many people have come together and shared ideas that have changed the world. For example, many scientists have invented things like the microscope and the space shuttle, and these inventions were created through a few people coming up with one idea and then asking for more opinions and advice from others. Because these incredible scientists worked together, we have these inventions in today's world. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better decision or plan because more points of view will be provided and less mistakes will be made.

One reason why asking for advice is very useful is because it can provide different points of view. For instance, when a student is choosing electives for school they might ask their parents if they are making the right decisions. Children and adults have very different perspectives, so the student's parents would most likely give different ideas then the student had thought of. Although people sharing ideas from different perspectives can sometimes lead to disputes and arguments, most people asking for advice have open minds and are willing to listen to different thoughts. However, receiving multiple points of view isn't the only reason people should ask for advice.

Another reason people should ask for advice is because asking can help them identify mistakes. People often overlook important details while creating an idea or making a choice, but when they ask for advice the people they ask can help them identify their flaw. For example, when people are planning a party they might forget to choose the kind of cake they are going to buy. When they ask a peer for advice their peer can point out their mistake, or the person planning the party will talk through their plan with the individual they asked for advice from and realize their flaw. Many mistakes will be avoided by people seeking for advice.

In order to make the best decisions possible, mankind must learn to ask for advice from others. Asking for advice can help change the world in a positive way because the decisions people make will most likely have a good outcome for the community around them. Seeking advice before making choices and plans is very important because mistakes can be avoided and different opinions can be heard.      