Scientists and more specifically astronomers are extremley fascinated in Earth's sister planet, Venus, as it is similar to Earth in certain ways, and is a close enough distance for travel. Venus was believed to once be very similar to Earth in terms of its geology, so therefore scientists are interested in discovering how the features have changed. However, the author of "The Challenge Exploring Venus," explains the great dangers that the planet offers for both humans and technology to explore the planet. The act of returning to Venus seems impossible due to the risks, although the insight that is wanted to be gained on the planet could lead to "intimidating endeavors." The author claims that the studying of Venus is still an active pursuit despite the dangers that come along with it. The claim is supported well by using previous experiences of missions and spacecrafts, as well as shocking factual statistics that catch the readers attention.

The author tells the story of previous missions that have been sent to Venus in hopes to persuade the audience that the planet's harsh conditions are too intense for even high technology to withstand. He mentions, "...no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." This quote uses ethos to ensure the reliablity of the author, and to emphasize that scientists are truly struggling to develop devices that are well enough developed to explains the dangers. The understanding that technology made by scientists who have succesfully researched across the milky way cannot withstand Venus's circumstanes demonstrates how dangerous the planet is.

The use of statistics is presented by the author to take a more logical view on their argument to prove the dangers of Venus. The article mentions that "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent blankets Venus." As carbon dioxide is waste product of human respiration, the inhalation of this gas would be very dangerous for life to visit Venus. It also says that "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Without shelter that can withold these extreme temperatures and amounts of pressure, the human body, similar to the spacecrafts, would be lucky to survive for more than a few hours. These numbers support the author's claim to focus on the horrific dangerous of exploring Venus to present a logical standpoint on this issue.

Throughout the article, it suggests that studying Venus is still a worthy mission for astronomers, however, the dangers that come along with these missions are extremely dangerous and life-threatening. The author mentions the curiosity that scientists have involving Earth's sister planet, and the desire to still visit Venus regardless of the harsh conditions. With the article's use of both previous experiences of missions and spacecrafts, as well as shocking factual statistics of Venus, the claim is very strongly supported with evidence.             