Schools provide students with an interactive and effective institution to learn and develop social skills. And while, as an individual becomes older and the material being taught becomes more complex, school can be difficult to keep up with, an increased workload and higher stress levels are an unavoidable part of life that comes with maturing. Students benefit from the face to face interactions they receive from teachers and peers in school, as well as the guidance it provides them with as they slowly move into their adult lives.

Many students dislike school because of the unnecessary and excessive stress they say it creates, however, whether it be online or in person, stress is something you cannot escape. Online schooling will not eliminate a students workload which is a main contributor when it comes to stressed out students, and while it may decrease their workload, once they enter college they may then not know how to manage their assignments properly. Society also places high expectations on students to excel in grade school so they can get into top colleges and be set to live successful and fulfilling lives when they enter the work force. These expectations do not change for students who participate in online schooling so the pressure they feel to succeed is not lessened. High school juniors and seniors often feel overwhelmed by the rigorous journey that is college preparation which is why they are said to the most difficult years of grade school. Any individual planning to attend college must go through this draining process and manage the difficulties that come with it. Therefore, this stress is an inescapable part of school and is not exclusive to any one type of learning.

Although learning from the comfort of their own home may seem appealing to students, being educated through a screen is not as beneficial as the real life interactions that occur inside schools. When in school, students have the opportunity to socialize and create bonds with other students and teachers, however, when learning online they miss out on an essential part of growing up and developing social skills. Human beings are naturally social creatures and sitting at home in isolation most weekdays is not healthy. Online students may also have difficultly adjusting to college life as they must now transition from online lessons to in person classes. Public schooling provides students with the guidance they need to get into college as they have access to more resources than those who do not attend school. Public and private schooling prepares its students for real world interactions and teaches valuable lessons that adolescents who study online will miss out on.

Students need the structure and interactive environment that public schooling provides, as it is an essential part of their character development and prepares them for their adult lives. Although the stress of grade school can be hard to manage, especially as you become older, switching to online schooling will not eliminate it. It is better to learn how to manage it at a young age than to become overwhelmed with it later on in life. Overall, online schooling is not as beneficial to students as public schooling and those who participate in it may find themselves lacking certain skills they need to lead successful lives.             