Are driverless cars good or bad? Reliable or unproductable? Can they benifit us in the future? Or will it cause danger?.

For many years scientists have tested cars that can make driving alot easier for us in the near future. I honestly think driverless cars are an unproductable invention and can cause danger. It seems to me that it may or will cause alot more accidents than texting while driving or drinking while driving. For example, say if there are driverless cars in the future, and you or a group of friends are going on a road trip. The car is on auto pilot and you are drinking or texting, reading, listening to music, and/or perhaps sleeping. The car may not signal or warn you that their is traffic, or on road construction uphead. The car may cause you to get in trouble for not paying attention and taking control when neccassary, and/or may cause a horrbile accident. This can and will cause conflict between you and the manufacturer. This can cause a huge debate on driverless cars ; are they dependent and reliable enough or are self service cars safer?.

Driverless cars may indeed help those who are in need of going from one place to another such as senior citizens, legally blind, etc. But it may also put them in danger without them knowing. Another example, if you are a handicap, legally blind, or deaf, you may be in grave danger. The car again is on autopilot and is driving through a neighborhood and there are signs everywhere to when and where to stop, if there is construction, or there are people crossing the streets. You come to a stop at a stop sign, you are not paying attention, you are oblivious to your surroundings when doing other things. The car will go head but there is a car coming from the other side of the street where there is no stop sign. You and the other person collide. Now remember, the car is supposed to be an upgrade, advanced in technology. The car has sensors to sense if there is danger but the car may have a flaw. This again will bring conflict and debate. This can lead people to believe that driverless cars are unsafe and unproductive and is a liabilty. But say you were paying attention to your surroundings, instictively, you would look left and right. The car will go foward but, there is a car coming from the other side (remember there is no stop sign for the other car to stop at) you and that person collide. Again, the car is to have warned you but if you were alert, you would have taken control of the car when driving through a neighborhood.

Either way to me, driverless cars are dangerous no matter what. There not industructible and cannot always be depended on. They may be smart and advance but even the greatest technology can be a danger and liability.   