Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Schools argue whether projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed. They both have benefits and different impacts on students. However, summer projects should be teacher-designed, because teachers can integrate what they will teach and they also have professional experience.

One main reason summer projects should be teacher-designed is that teachers can integrate what they will be teaching. A small, but very important thing teachers have in common is that they have a lesson plan. A lesson plan is what teachers utilize to understand what curriculum they will teach and how they will teach it. As a result, the teacher can use the curriculum as their foundation of the project. For example, the International Baccalaureate, IB, program requires students to complete a Summer Reading Project. As an IB student, I had to complete it this past summer. We had a list of books to choose from, and we had to write an essay about the message of the book and make a poster about what we learned from the book. What I didn't realize, was that the book had a connection to what we were going to learn in class. The project helped the students make a connection to the class and learn faster and more efficiently. This results would not be possible, if a student designed the project so this is why summer project should be designed by a teacher.

Another reason summer projects should be teacher-designed is, because they have more professional experience than students. Teachers most go to college to become teachers and be hired by a school. This means: they have a degree on education, are certified to be teachers, and they understand the subject better than students. In addition, they have experience from previous years and students. So they understand that students learn differently. Consequently, they can come up with a method to make the project educative and impactful for every student; regardless, of how different they learn. For these reasons, the summer projects should be teacher designed.

Some may argue that summer projects should be student-designed, because students understand each other. While this statement is true it is bias. It's bias, because students are often with their friend group which often understand each other. On the other hand, friend groups are all different, meaning they have different beliefs and values. Another reason, the statement is bias is that students have different learning styles. A student can be a fast learner and don't need to study as hard as others students; however, another student might need more reinforcement to learn. So if a student was to design a project it would be based on their personal preference and not about everyone. Concluding, that summer projects should not be designed by students because they can be bias.

As a conclusion, summer projects have to be teacher-designed. It must be designed by teachers, so students can learn efficiently and effectively. Also, it can help the teacher understand and get to know the student through their summer project. 