Dear State Senator,

You should keep the electoral college vote the same without the popular vote because the winning candiate's share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. Aswell as the electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate receives majority of the votes cast.

To begin, the reason is that the winning candidate's share of the electoral college invairably exceeds his share of the popular vote. for example in the 2012 election, Oboma received 61.7 percent of the electoral votes compared to 51.3 percent of the popular votes. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is very possible like the total number of votes-538-is an even number, but it is highly unlikely. It is less likely to have a dispute over the popular vote but it is more likely to have a dispute over the electoral vote. In 2012's election voters in toss-up states are most likely to pay close attention to the campaign- to really listen to the competing canidates- knowing they are going to decide the election. Causing the popualr vote to go up. When we as a community should not want to president be chosen by a popular vote but by the electoral vote, it is only fair!

Also, the electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate receives majority of the votes cast. For example, Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning the majority in the electoral college. Did you know that there is someone from a small state and they only get three electoral votes. Well, they are not treated equal and only the large states get more of the attention from presidential candidates than a small state ever will.

It can be argued that the electoral college method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. You should keep the electoral college vote the same without the popular vote because the winning candiate's share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. Aswell as the electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate receives majority of the votes cast. So I'm going to leave you with this. What will you choose? The popular vote of the electoral vote? It's up to you not.

Sincerly,

An american Citizen.            