In German suburb, this is a "car-free" place, this may seem shocking to many for people who use cars to go where they need to everyday...  Car ownership is only allowed in two places; large parking garages at the edge of development, where a car owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home.  Some say that it's good for the earth due to the bad pollution.  As I move along I will give some of my honest opinnion and some opinions of others.

Some countries around the world is trying to put an end to polluting the earth and one of the ways they did that was to ban driving cars.  People would think that as crazy but it is actually a brilliant idea because it would lessen the Ozone whole that is being crerated by polluting.  We actaully need this Ozone hole to protect us from the dangerous sun rays.  Another reason why they are putting an end to cars is the dangerous smogs that have been filling the cities.

My honest opinions on this subject matter is I think it's creative in a way but I don't like it just because of how much I have to travel everyday.  First I go to school of course, then I go home then I drive to practice which is a 30 minute drive, that also means driving all the way home too.  I also think this is creative in some ways because first it saves gas money since gas prices are going up soon due to economy.  Second of all it help lessen the pollution we are doing to the earth.

Some other people have writen their own opinions on this "car-banning" process.  A mother of two who is also a media trainer name Heidrun Walter gave her honest opinion of this "car-banning".  "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."  Another man name David Gold berg, an offical of Transportation for America said "All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change.

Although our development is changing it may have a good effective role on our earth.  Ask yourself next time is it really worth the drive?    