There is immense appeal to being able to spend the day at home and learn from the comforts of your living space while the alternative is being inside of a school building for seven long hours. Some schools have started to offer online classes or options for students to learn from the comfort of their homes. While this is not the traditional approach to schooling and learning, there are definitely a wide array of benefits which accompanying online learning for students. Further implementation of these online classes by schools would benefit students due to the benefits for busy parents, an increased ability for students to learn and work at their own pace, and accomodations for students to not fall behind or infect others while sick.

Children of certain ages and within certain family situations would benefit greatly from being able to learn from home and help their parents with household duties or other siblings. In lower income households or single parent households with young children, it can be incredibly taxing to work the appropriate hours to support the family while dealing with watching young children, especially if childcare is too expensive. With online schooling options, older siblings would be able to stay at home, get an education, and relieve the pressures upon their parent or parents through watching their younger siblings. Chores could be done throughout the day and errands could be run; more freedom throughout the day would enable teenagers to best allocate their time to maximize it to their own benefit as well as their family's benefit. However, some children from low income households depend on the school to provide meals for the children, so not physically attending school could have some serious detriment depending on the particular living situation of the child.

Additionally, the implementation of online classes would enable children to work at their own pace and consequently maximize their own learning. In a system which would allow for the child to budget their own time from the comfort of their own home on schoolwork would enable the child put in the appropriate time which they need rather than spending too little or too much time on a particular subject or assignment. With the online classes only being an option, there are certainly teachers from the school which would be available to provide the necessary supplemental support. Also, the online classes could serve as an outside supplement to in class learning. Extra resources available to students with such great detail as being an entire online course would be invaluable as a supplement to what a teacher could provide in the classroom. Virtual learning could also provide a connection for a more individualized approach. Everyone learns differently, so creating an online course tailored to specific individuals or with particular goals in mind would greatly benefit this group of stragglers within the student population. Online schooling would certainly work best for some students, but it would be more detrimental for the learning of others due to the diversity in the ways in which we learn.

Most significantly, the implementation of online classes would enable children to continue learning while sick and to not fall behind in their classes. Attending school while sick is something which schools attempt to prevent and discourage, but the pressure to do well in school and the great workload make it close to impossible to miss school days without that greatly impacting your grade. In turn, the negative impact upon grades and having an insurmountable quantity of work to make up leads to a great amount of stress and anxiety. Making the decision to attend school while sick to avoid the stress of making up the work might lead to others getting sick from the exposure. Some students have physical health or mental health crises where the student may miss a consecutive week or more of school, and the recovery from that is a tremendous pain that might continue taxing a student mentally and physically. Making this accomodation for students physical health, mental health, and intellectual success should be an easy decision on the part of schools which begin considering online classes.

In today's modern age with widespread technology use pervading every aspect of our lives, the decision to offer online classes should come as an easy one in order to accomodate students and promote greater learning. By offering online class options, schools would be helping out an important group of parents, allowing students to pace themselves appropriately, and prevent absent students from falling behind in school. Considering this plethora of benefits which students would reap from taking online classes, it is well-worth the time to develop and offer these classes for the sake of the students who would benefit from such virtual schooling. 