Dear Senator,

Most people hear the word "Electoral College" and think that it is a place.. But they're wrong, it is a process. The Electoral College is widely regarded as a thing that seems to belong to the past and not to fit in the present. The advocates whom are conflicting with others are saying that the Electoral College method isn't democratic in modern day society, which is correct. The Electoral College is a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens which was founded by the founding fathers.

The Electoral College has 538 electors, but to elect the President, 270 electoral votes are needed. One for each member in the House of Representives plus two for your Senators is what your state's entitled allotment of electors must equal and the number of members in its Congressional delegation. In the Constitution under the 23rd Amendment, D.C is given 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. "State" can also be used instead of using the District of Columbia. Each canidate running for President in each state has his or her own group of electors. The political party is who the electors are generally chosen by but they elect them by giving them different responsibilities. Every four years is when the presidential election is held. I believe that the senator should stick with The Electoral College to vote for the President of the U.S.

When the presidential election is all finished with, the governor prepares something called "Certificate of Ascertainment" which lists all of the canidates who ran for office in that particular state. The electoral college system voters vote not only for the president but for what we call the slate electors who eventually elect the president. Not always can voters control whom thier electors vote for and sometimes voters can get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate. Some people may call the Electoral College outdated, irrational and maybe unfair but I think it's a way to keep everything organized and it won't cause to much chaos, unless you disagree with it.

Slate of electors are trusted to vote for the President however, he or she is usually picked by the number of how many votes your electors put in for you.

Basically, everyone thinks that The Electoral College is just a big waste of time and outdated. But it's a process which elects slate of electors then those who are apart of that will vote for the president. In my opinion, I think it's a better way to handle things than to just ask everybody to cast their votes for just one person. Everyone can just work together and everything will probably work out just fine if each voter agrees on one thing!                                                       