Dear Principle,

To help the community or to not help the community, it's a question asked by many teenagers of this generation. Though most people would be disgusted by the idea of picking up trash at the beach or helping out at retirement home, I think that all kids should do community service to make their lives and the community a better place. For example, most of the movies or television shows people see, it always revolves around doing the right thing and making the right decision, but when the teenagers really come face to face with community service, most of the would be either annoyed or disgusted. They would think that doing community service takes too much time away from what they think they "need" to do or what they want to do. But have they ever thought about what a better community they would live in if they did community service? For instance if you love the beach, don't you just hate it when you just want to lie on the beach and relax or go surfing but always have to be around great number of sea gulls picking at trashes next to you and being pelted bye plastic bags in the waves? If the children of our generation loves the beach so much, they should just pick up the trash they found-or even threw themselves-then everyone can enjoy a happy and clean ecosystem/community.

Doing community helps everyone, including oneself and the ones around them. Especially since the children in this generation have been introduced to so many violent and/or inappropriate video games, television shows, and movies-whose only focus is to add excitement and get maximum audiences and money-they are bound to be corrupted, so in doing community service, it can right the wrong of the improper way of life that had been inflicted upon us by the media of today, the same media that would show and/ or sell anything in order to get the maximum audience and make the most money possible and have never thought about the consequences that would have in the future of the United States. So step by step, we should start shaping the future of this generation and the future of the United States by doing community service!!!

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME