Getting advice from multiple people can be unnecessary or vital depending on how severe the issue is, and not a lot of people see the part where it's important to get advice from several different people. Many people just think that they should get advice from one person, or even just get advice from himself/herself. But both of those solutions to needing advice can be incorrect if the problem is big enough. Sometimes, you need to have multiple people to help solve the puzzle. The reasons to that logic is simple, there are opportunities to get help in other ways, different solutions, and a chance to ask someone who has experience with the problem for advice.

Sometimes, someone cannot even solve a problem with the advice of others, which means that they could also ask for help from others. This can come in a few forms, depending on what the problem is and what is needed. It can be hands-on help with the issue, guidance to another person that can help more, or even as simple as some encouraging words, any of those can help solve a problem. For example, person one goes to person two and says, "Can you give me some advice on how to fix a flat tire on my car?" Then person two gives some advice. Person one asks for help with it because he/she didnt'd understand, person two declines. Person one goes to person three and asks the same questions, person 3 gives different advice, but person one still doesn't understand, so they go to person four, and person four offers to help person one. Person one and person four fix the flat tire, and that couldn't have been achieved if person one had just given up when he/she didn't understand person two's advice. Basically, getting advice from multiple can lead to someone just offering help.

Different solutions are, of course, inevitable, considering that different people have different experience and opinions on anything and everything. If someone were to ask one hundred different people what their favorite food is, they would probably get 100 different answers. This can be applied to advice because, if someone were to ask several different people for advice, they could get completely different advice from different people, and, chances are, some of the advice can really help instead of giving the person that needs advice useless information floating around. For a moment, imagine that it's time to vote for the President, and person 1 has no idea of who to vote for.

So person one goes back to his/her good friend person 2, then asks, "Person two, who are you voting for?" Person two replies with his/her chosen candidate, and person one asks several other people, and finally, person four tells person one about the candidate that he/she has chosen, and person one also votes for that person, because from what person four said, that person will do great things as President. If person one had just asked person two who to vote for, he/she never would've known that person four had chosen the candidate that was right for person one's beliefs. Another benefit to getting multiple people's solutions is that the different advice can be applied to the same problem until something works. For example, person one is trying to fix that pesky flat tire on his/her car, and then the advice that person two and person three gave. Because person one can't get person four to help, because person four is on vacation in Norway, person one decides to apply the advice of person two and person three to see if something works, and it turns out that person two had good advice once person one figured out what person two was trying to say. Basically, multiple answers can lead to the best answer and many solutions can be applied to the same problem until something works.

Finally, the chance that one of the people that you ask has experience with the problem. This is beneficial because, of course, past experience with the problem can lead to better advice than advice from someone that has never faced the problem. For example, person one, once again, is having trouble with the cursed car, so person one goes to person two, person three, person four, person five, person six, and person seven. Person two, person three, and person five all give some advice that they found on the internet, person four offers to help but really doesn't know what he/she is doing. Person six just shrugs and says, "I don't know what to do." But person seven was a car mechanic for a few years, and person one didn't know that. So person seven not only gives advice that helps fix the car's current problem, he/she also fixes it to the point where it doesn't break down twice every week. The point is, if you go to multiple people for advice, chances are, you'll find someone with hands-on experience that can help you with the problem.

The main reason to explaining all of this is to get to this one point, that seeking advice from multiple people can be extremely useful for a multitude of problems. From fixing a car that can't seem to stay fixed to not knowing who to vote for, multiple people giving advice can help a lot. The President of the United States has the cabinet, which is a group of people dedicated to giving the president advice. So, if there's a big problem that needs to get solved and the advice of one person isn't working, try one more person, and if that doesn't work, one more, if that doesn't work, keep going until it does, because there's a high chance that someone can help with whatever the problem is, even if it isn't your inner circle of friends or colleagues, the advice that you need could be close by and you could never even realize it, it could be at multiple points nearby, and you could never even know that several people is what you're looking for. Sometimes, if there's a puzzle with missing pieces, you need to ask multiple people to help solve the puzzle, because they could have the missing pieces in their pockets.