Don't you ever think of joining the Seagoing Cowboys? Well you should consider it. Everyone should join the Seagoing Cowboys because it's a great idea. I think you can learn so much stuff and have a wonderful time.

Joining the Seagoing Cowboys can be a terrific idea because you will have adventurous lives and so much fun! Luke had said" The cattle-boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy," He says." Besides helping people, I had the side benefit of seeing Europe and China. But seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special," he says." So was taking a gondola ride in Venice, Italy, a city with streets of water."You will travel a lot and see so many places. You could also try new thing like the food. Their are so much cultures, and you will get to see many more you may also try and wear the clothes they wear, and do stuff like they are used to doing.

If you join the Seagoing Cowboys it will be educational and you will end up finding yourself having a wonderful time. You will be looking forward to joining the Seagoing Cowboys, you won't even notice that the time flies by quickly. You may learn many stuff because you will be traveling to so many places, you won't even have to worry about gettiing lost because your team members will accompany you and, you'll even get supplies, if you need help they will help you they are really nice people and you don't need to have a worry.

Reuniting with the Seagoing Cowboys could be wonderful, you will have a great and adventurous trip. If you join the Seagoing Cowboys you won't even realize that the time flies by because of the wonderful time you'll be having. I think everyone should join the Seagoing Cowboys because it will be educational and you will help many people that need help and meet many people because, of the World War II and you will be able to experience outdoor natures that way you are not stuck inside the house playing video games or watching TV

and instead help those that are in need. What places would you visit if you wnet to China?