Reckless drivers are dangers, they have no care for the world or people who are in it. One point of evidence is that in 2013, BMW announced the development of the '' Traffic Jam Assistant''. So this means that when you are driving up to 25 mph you have a smart car , but when you go over 25 mph you have just a normal car . See the point that I'm trying to make is that when people had a little bit to much to drink and they go over 25 mph they're like a missle that can blow up at any time. Some sensors on the car may fail while you are driving , lets say if your driving down the street in a BMW at 20 mph and a car passes you and your not looking and you happen to run into it, its the cars fault and the owner because the driver should've been looking and the car should've stop on the dime. Because BMW developed this new System and its mention in paragraph 7 '' The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph , but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. Also mention by BMW ''They can steer, accelerate, and brake by themsevles. So if the driver in this situation was looking down at a phone lets say ,and runs into the back of someones car who's fault would it have been ? I would have blame the manfacturer company because they said that the car is supose to brake themselves if danger is near or coming up . So if the owner was hurt then it would've been on manufacturer company all because they said that this car had sensors that could alert the drivers. Also which leads to another point lets say that the sensors fail without the driver knowing and she was driving a little bit reckless then that would been her fault and the cars. So I think that people should stop driving so reckless and start paying attention to the road . Also I think that a new law should be passed saying that car companies should recall their cars every 5 to 6 years to upgrade the safety quality on their cars. This will safe a numerous amout of people's lives and increase the amount of cars being sold by BMW. 