Attending school practically takes up our entire day, and our entire lives. By the time we get up, get ready, travel to school, attend class, then come home to do additional homework, or entire day is gone. Additionally, we also spend five of the seven days of the week attending class, and those other two days of the weekend are overwhelmed with more homework. What about those who live far away? If they were at home, they would actually be able to get more work done as their commute time is absent. Where is their time allotted to spend time with family when your whole life is centered around school? Lastly, what about those who have a mental illness, that disables them to attend school for a whole day? Students would benefit to a great extent if they could take classes online, at home, because it would cut out commute time, allowing them to work more, would permit more time to do other activities like spending time with family, and would also benefit those who have chronic mental illnesses as these individuals struggle to spend eight hours a day physically at school.

For those who live a great distance away from a school, online classes would benefit them to a great extent. The commute time takes up hours of there day, especially if they ride the bus. School is only eight hours a day, but including travel time, the act of going to school can take up ten or more hours of an individual's 24 hour time period. This permits them from being able to get all there homework done, and can also make them more tired since they must get up early to travel, and then stay up late since they get home much later. This results in an unfocused student, who hardly pays attention in class and additionally, a student who doesn't get as much work done. With online classes, the travel time is absent. This allows a student to learn and work more. The student would have more time in the day to spend quality time working. This would result in a more focused, determined individual.

When your entire day is centered around school- the traveling, class, and homework- students have little time to participate in activities they enjoy and spend time with family, which is crucial for mental stability. Teachers preach of having good grades, extracurriculars, and family time, but school is eliminating these options for the majority of students. With online courses, students can take their time working on school, but would also have time to spend with family and do extracurriculars. This would result in a balanced lifestyle; a lifestyle that isn't overwhelmed with work. The balanced lifestyle would reflect in the student's learning ability, as they would now be more calm and focused to do their work.

For those who have a disabling mental illness, online classes would benefit them greatly. When a student has depression, anxiety etc., they often find themselves unable to attend school for a full day, or even at all. Likewise, if they are present, they cannot focus and by the end of the school day, they are so mentally and physically exhausted that they cannot get their homework done. Their grades suffer as a result. With distance learning, they can work at their own pace, taking the necessary breaks when needed. The individuals would not be concerned with falling behind, because they would be able to do the work when they were mentally stable. Mental illnesses are just as serious as physical illnesses, and the act of physically going to school can be detrimental to their health, and to their grades. Online schooling would allow them to achieve a stable well-being, and a higher state of learning.

The act of physically going to school does not benefit everyone, therefore, online learning would be a beneficial option. Distance learning would still allow for those to achieve an education, but in a more peaceful environment. It would allow students to spend more time on their work since travel time is cut out, and would also permit those to have a balanced life as they spend time doing extracurriculars, being social, and spending time with family. It would greatly impact those with mental illnesses, as it would allow them to work when they are in a healthy mental state, and allow them to work at anytime. This would result in a higher level of knowledge, a more stable mental health, and better grades. Some may argue that school is necessary for social interactions. This argument can be rebutted, as those who choose online courses would actually have more time to be social. Overall, online courses, would drastically improve people's grades as they would be more focused and have more time. It would also permit them to be social and to have family time, resulting in a more balanced lifestyle that would provide better mental stability. Online courses would greatly impact students in a positive way. 