Reducing the Toll on the Human Race with Driverless Cars

The development of driverless cars would be an amazing thing.

So many bad situations could be avoided with driverless cars because the human drving a car is an enormous variable.

The payoff of using driverless cars would be giant as well.

Granted, it would be expensive and the period of time it would take to completely phase out regular cars would be lengthy, it would be a worthwhile investment into the future.

The development of driverless cars would be an amazing in incredibly helpful step for society and the car manufacturing world.

Every year hundreds of thousands of people are killed in car accidents.

Many of those accidents are a result of neglegence on the fault of the driver.

Driving while under the influence, driving and texting, driving and making calls, driving and eating, driving and putting make-up on; all are things that cause car accidents that could be avoided with driverless cars. With driverless cars, passengers would be able to go on the road and not have to deal with the stress that comes with driving around on busy roads, or the stress that comes with taking into consideration bad drivers, other people driving under the influence, or just other drivers in general.

Driverless cars would eliminate the biggest variable regarding cars: the driver.

A driverless car would be beneficial to many people, but they would be even more beneficial to the companies and factories that construct and sell the cars.

They would be expensive to buy, but would pay off themselves every time an incident is avoided.

Not to mention, eventually the regular cars would be phased out.

This means that car companies who build and sell the driverless cars would be making a sensational amount of money.

Finding the equptment to build all the driverless cars would be expensive and time consuming, but the process would be worth it to have all the new cars made and on the roads.

Driverless cars would change the way the world works.

There would be no "new driver anxiety" when teens get their liscenses.

There would be a dramatic decrease in the death-by-vehicle statistics.

It would not be suprising if one day people no longer needed to buy cars, similar to the article when Sergey Brian said, "...such cars would change the world.".

There are so many options that arise when considering such an invention.

What is a city decided to have fleets of taxis and buses with driverless cars?

Driverless cars would be an added benefit.

Then no one would have top buy a car and spend the money to take car of it with upkeep, and car companies would still make a lot of money.

With driverless cars, the impact on the environmet would be very much less than those cars of today.

The options and pros are endless when it comes to driverless cars.

The world would experience a shift in function if driverless cars were introduced.

The number of deaths and accidents involving automotives would decrease exponetially and life would be a little less stressful for many.

The attack on the environment would be lessened, and roads would be safer.

There are pros and cons for any situation, but in the case of driverless cars, the pros seem to greatly outweigh the cons.

The quality of life would increase, and the variable of the human driver would be eliminated. Driverless cars would be an excellent addition to the car lots and would be an amazing tool for people in everyday life.