The electrol college system is an unfair system, people don't have the right to select their own president, they dont have the right to select a president. Because, when people vote they are technically voting for the electors for a candited. That candidate can be a democratic or a republican. In source two it states that electors can choose there opposing candidate. Which declines the the whole voting process. Why do we vote? we vote to select a leader who will defend this coutry and make america a place of oppurtunity. The most important reason why the electrol cllege is unfair because of the " winners it take all" rule.

We as american people cannot choose their own goverment, as it says in source two, that when voters vote they are voting for the canditates electors. Each state gets one vote and then the electors can choose who they want for president. In source two it states that the electoral college consists of 538 electors and the most amont of elecrtoral votes is 270, in order to pick an president. Also in source two it states that the number of electors we have equals to the amount of members of congress we have. I propose a new system by only letting the American people select our president by votes counted all up by each state, for example if we didn't have have electoral college,  then it would be a fair vote because people votes would count the number that adds up with all votes for one candidates that will oppose another candidates and there would be technically no tie it would either ,more or less, but if we still had the electoral college then the vote would not be equally fair becuse if the majority of a state for examlpe  chose republican candidate, then that would be vague becuse some people choose democratic and there vote did not really count. but without the electoral collge, than everyones vote counts and each candidates gets vote from every one, not only electoral.

In source two it says that electorals who have been select by the state can choose their opposing candidtade, which is more disatvantgeing to the american people and america's future.  for example if one state candidate was choosen for republican and they were "faithless" as it says in source two, and chose the democratic party it would be very unfortunate for the republicans because than there would be no point of the votes the republican supporters have voted for. It only comes once every four years, this is very important to the american people, on choosing who they want for the future of america.

In source two and three it states the rule " winner take it all" . The votes the other lose the,  winning can take it all, that vote that they take from the losing does not count Because the people really didnt mean to vote for the candidate they don't want or the candidate they dont support, its like your money fell on the floor and someone just took it knowing its yours.

In conclusion,  the state senators should eliminate the electoral collge because they count the majorty votes, and don't count other votes that is not popular as the other candidates vote. also because they can decide vote on an canditate they want based on their opinions and beliefs. and lastly because of the winner takes it all system which is bascially taking the losing candidates electoral votes.    