Dear senater ,

I know befor you were senator you voted just like us and you know how frustrating it can be somethings. The Electoral Collage sould be discarted and Presidents of the united states should be elected by popular vote. If we do the popular vote it will be more efficent and be easier to keep track of. We have to do it because The Electoral collage it's failed to elect a President , the masses (the people) don't get to pick the president, and its outdated.

Firstly, we need to abolish the electoral collage because it has failed to elect a President in the past. In the case of a tie in electoral votes it would be the task of the house of representatives the elect a president and the way they elect the presidnt is worse then the electoral collage. even thought and exact tie in the predidental elections has not occored so the catostrify of the house of representatives electing the presisdent has not happen yet ,but it is entirly  possible.

Secondly, we need to abolissh the Electoral collage because the masses (the people) don't get to the president. In the  electoral collage usage of the system resalts in the

People electing the electors ,to elect the president. And in this system the eletors can pull a switcharoo and vote for the other canadent if they so please, to betray the people by doing so. allthought its system has worked scince the founding of our country ,it is still quirky and disfunctionable at times. the electoral collage allows the electors to do as they please if a elector for florida promises to pick one president and gets all the votes to got to the electoral collage he can choose the Other canadent because his freind wanted him to. how stupid is that!

Thirdly, we need to abloish the electoral collage because it is outdated. in our day and time we have smart phones and aindroids that we can use to vote for the president in the peoples choice. there could be a web site that you can go on to submit your election and at the end of the election the compuster can tally us the number of votes to the exact amount so it would be the peoples choice. its  also outdated becouse we dont need one or a few guys to be sent somewhere to cast the vote of the people , we have so mmusch advanced technology that we can have any legal person who wants to vote can and actually have there vote matter insted of what the elector pick so it matters to those few poeple instead of every single person in america.

In conclusion, we need to abolish the electoral collage because it can fail to elect a president(which is almost did in 1960), the masses (the people) can't elect the president(they have to elect the electers to elect the president, and also is is very outdated. in my opion, we should also consiter tweking the electoral callage instead of just getting rid of it.                                                                                                  