Imagine you receiving advice from someone, but you go ask other people because you're not sure if it's considerable. What I would do in this situation is to not ask one person for advice, I would go to other people and listen to their opinions. Just by listening to different people's perspective you gain more information to help you find a reliable solution. For me, that is the correct choice because it makes more sense to absorb others advice to find a better choice. I believe everyone has the opportunity to seek others opinions to make a better choice by involving others, being curious, and relying on your peers.

By involving others, you can learn a lot of new things just by including multiple opinions. To involve other people you can start off by asking for their point of view, so they can end up changing your mind about your situation for something better. You could also involve others by using their opinion, and ask different people about that person's perspective, and see which one would lead you to make a final choice. Finally, another way to involve others to seek a better choice is by expressing your own opinion, and talking to another person to observe your opinion. I find these ways better to trust, so you don't have to involve only one person.

Being curious helps you find a better belief about a situation you are not sure of. To be curious you could go up to people for advice, and possibly give them options to see which one has a better meaning. On the other hand, you could be curious by listening to what is important or not, and by asking for examples if you don't quite understand. Asking multiple questions of the person's advice and finding the pro's and con's of the situation is another way of being curious. Being curious is the key to lead you to the right path to find a better choice.

Relying on your peers can help you find a better understanding of their advice. An example of relying on others is to build trust with a variety of people to make sure you know that person will give you a positive result. Another way to rely on your peers is to make sure you know them well enough to ask them for advice, and so that you don't go the opposite way of making a consistent choice. However, relying on your peers will make you feel more confident about their opinions, and consider making the right choice. Relying on others will help you follow success by considering others perspectives.

Overall, I think listening to other people's point of view is the key to help you make a better choice. Using your peers and your surroundings will get you to the right path. To make better choices, and using the opportunity to seek opinions is to involve others, be curious, and rely on your peers to find your solution. Have you ever thought about talking to other people to find reliable advises? Do you think this will help in the future as well?