Some believe that it should be teacher designed, but others say it should be student designed to benefit them and make the summer project less difficult for the students. Their are many more other opinion since most parents believes that students should not have a summer project since it will stress and pressure them too much over brake. Another reason is to allow the students to take a brake since summer brake is meant fro the students to relax. Some students need to go out of state for family or other reason to enjoy the time they have before starting the learning process again the following year and this will allow students to think of what they will do different in school compared to last year. If the school does decide to remove summer project it will also help the teachers out so they have less work and more time to prepare for next year enrolling students.

Their are many benefits to having the summer project and it being teacher designed since most students do almost all school work teacher designed so the students have some experience. Students also have more time to complete the summer project since they don't have classes or work during their brake. The students environment will be great for the students with the hot weather, great light, and more day time. They could also communicate with one another to talk about the summer project since they are not in a school zone so they are not restricted from using any cellular devices. With the summer project being teacher designed the students could email the teacher if they are having a difficult task finishing the project so the teachers feedback will be a great help to any struggling students that need some assistance.

Some students do benefit from the summer project but others don't even have the time to even complete the project at all. Certain students need to go out of the country to see family. Others start to get a summer job to save up money or for some other personal reason. They could get to lazy since they don't have any classes in the summer than they push it to the side or they do it the last week it is due. Students could also forget about the project over the brake.

Summer project could be a great way for students academically but is it gonna benefit them in the long run as they choose their own path. A majority of schools in the U.S don't even have summer projects for students to do over brake. Most colleges don't even look or seem interested if you done summer projects your entire school year. Even if the project is either teacher or student designed it won't really help the students after school. Future courses may not even need you do have a summer project done as a requirement to enroll into any courses.

In conclusion the summer project should be teacher designed for the students to make it easier to complete. Having it teacher based makes it more familiar to the students and more understanding. The summer project should be something optional not a requirement for any school. If the summer project was student based than some students may not try up to their own potential. Teachers are less stress over the summer with less work with the summer project and they can focus on future enrolling students.        