Title

Drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones while driving. Drivers should not be able to use their cellphones while driving, for the reason that the use of a cell phone while operating a motor vehicle is exceedingly hazardous for the driver, as well as others who are traveling along the same road. The use of mobile devices while on the road leads to distracted driving which means that the driver is less likely to notice road and safety signals, Pedestrians and the signals coming from other vehicles. Failure to heed these signals has led to injuries and death that could have been prevented had the driver not been using a mobile device while on the wheel. In the U.S., there are laws banning the use of mobile devices or the act of texting while someone is on the wheel.

The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the U.S. is caused by texting and driving ("Texting and Driving Accident Statistics"). Cell phone distraction rates are alarmingly high and can pose serious safety risks. You can be charged with murder for texting and driving. Texting is the most alarming distraction sending or reading a text takes your eyes off the road for a couple of seconds. Using a cellphone while driving creates enormous potential for deaths and injuries on

U.S. roads. In 2017 alone 3,166 people were killed in motor vehicle crashes including distracted drivers. Texting and driving is against the law ("The Dangers of Distracted Driving").

In an effort to fight these problems, more than 30 states now have a law when it comes to texting and driving("The Risks of Texting While Driving"). The penalties for texting while driving could include hefty fines, license suspension, a rise in auto insurance rates, and prison time. The consequences you'll face for texting and driving are similar to those you'd get for another of the most serious driving offenses. (DUI) sometimes drivers who keep on texting do not see any people or animals crossing the street so there is a tendency to hit somebody crossing the road. Texting while driving is bad because it can bring fatal damages towards life. It may ruin the lives of others or worse might cause your life to end. Texting is a huge distraction to all drivers. Numerous drivers do not take this life threatening habit seriously and try to argue that these are an exception to these rules.

Texting may be useful, but the use of it can also be very bad. You can not keep both hands on the wheel so accidents may occur. It may put you at greater risk because you fail to see important road signs and signals. Sometimes a stressful text can provoke anger, which might affect your driving behavior. Texting while driving is a horrible idea because you need to look at the phone as you type and read incoming text messages. The vehicle might run over hole or wrong rails which might lead to car accidents. Texting while driving is dangerous and does kill, and has many times. Using a cell phone particularly texting while driving requires the driver to turn his mental attention to the device manipulate it with his hand to look at it.

Texting and driving should be banned because it is a hazard, and is an alert that needs to be reduced. The first reason for texting or using a cell phone while driving is very hazardous to yourself and the people surrounding you. Texting and driving is the act of composing, sending, reading text messages, emails or making similar use of the web on a mobile device while operating a motor vehicle. Texting while driving is considered extremely dangerous by many people, including authorities and in some places have either been outlawed or restricted. No one should text and drive. Be an example for others and if you need to text or talk on the phone, pull over to a safe place. Set rules for yourself and your household regarding texting and driving, lead by example. Currently there is no national ban on texting or using a wireless phone while driving, but a number of states passed laws banning texting or wireless phones requiring hands-free use of wireless phones while driving.

Works Cited

"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgarsnyder. com, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. ht ml.

"The Dangers of Distracted Driving." Federal Communications Commission, 10 May 2019, www. fcc. gov/consumers/guides/dangers-texting-while-driving.

"The Risks of Texting While Driving." Digital Responsibility, www. digitalresponsibility. org/risks-of-texting-while-driving.         