There shouldn't be a discussion when it comes to texting and driving for obvious reasons. It's just as dangerous as driving under the influence. And there are plenty of ways to send a message using hands free technology. It also being illegal should really mean that you shouldn't be doing it. And you can also kill someone just to send a text message. But it is common in the United States.

Texting and driving has been banned in most of the United States there are only 2 states that haven't banned texting and driving. And of you get caught by a cop you will be fined up to $400. And that is a lot of money for just sending a text. And may also cause your license to get suspended. It makes sense because when you text and drive you are twenty three percent more likely to get into a car crash. That makes just as dangerous as driving under the influence.

A lot of people don't actually know how dangerous and common texting and driving really is. It makes up eighteen percent of fatal car crashes. And more than 35 percent of teens and adults admit to texting and driving. So even though people know what could happen they still do it either way. And more then ninety percent of people know how dangerous texting and driving is. People take there eyes off the road for four seconds on average which is long enough for you to swerve on to another lane. And at least 9 people are killed every day by distracted drivers.

There are plenty of easy ways to prevent texting and driving. One way is to have your phone out of reach and on silent so if you get a message or a call you won't be able to get tempted to reach for your phone. Another way is to use an app to block incoming texts or calls. Some apps can send an auto response back, letting the sender know that you are driving and will respond when you are not driving. And one way is to be committed to not texting and driving.

In conclusion texting and driving and driving distracted is a big problem that can easily be avoided. But people still tend to do it anyways. People should pay a fine if caught by a police officer. And should get there license suspended if they do it a lot. People should be more aware about the consciences that can be caused by this petty action. To keep it simple would you drive 1 ton of pure machinery at 60 miles per hour blindfolded.     