Have you ever asked someone for advice? If so you might have asked multiple people. Some people say that it is good to ask more than one person for advice for different things. When you ask your friends they might tell you something different from what a family member might say. Thats why you ask different people. You might need advice for many different things like relationship advice, how to take care of a pet, or what to do when you and your best friend get in a fight and you want to fix the problem but you do not know how.

For example you and your friend got in a really bad fight over the littlest thing like having the same dress. Now your friend will not talk to you because she had the dress first and then you got it. You may ask yourself what to do to fix this problem so you and your friend can be best friends. In your head you might want to get rid of the dress but you like it a lot. Now you go ask one of your other friends and they say just do not worry about it and find to go find a new friend to replace your best friend and you do not want to do that. So you decide to go ask your mother what should you do to stop the argument and she says to explain that you did not know she had the dress before you went to buy it. You decided to go with what your mother said and it works and now you have your best friend back!

Have you asked your mom or dad for advice with a relationship or with someone you like? You might think it is weird to talk about someone you like with your parents and that is okay. Since you think it is weird to talk to your parents you go ask your friends. Your best friend said to write a note and leave it on your crushes desk. Next you ask a person that you've known for a long time but you rarely ever talk to them, and they say to go up to that person and tell them. As you are on the way home from school you think how going up to that person might make you feel embarrassed and you do not want to be the laughing stock of the school so when you get home you ask your parents. Your parents tell you to think of a fun and clever way of doing it so they say to write whatever you want on a sticky note and put it on the persons locker. But you think to do what your best friend said and you write a note and you find out they like you back too.

Another example is when your parents said that you could never have a pet when you were a kid and now that you moved out you decide to get a puppy. You have planned this moment forever but you do not know what kind of dog you want to get. Say you were living in an apartment and the only breed of dog you cannot have is a Pit Bull but thats okay because you've always wanted a German Shepherd. So you find puppies for sale and go look at them and decide to buy one. But you did not do research and now you are lost and do not know what to do. You decide to ask your mom and she said to make sure you walk the puppy and make sure it gets enough exercise because it is a big dog. Then when you go get a check-up for the puppy you ask the vet and they say to make sure the puppy gets enough food, exercise, and water. Of course you go with what the vet said and now your puppy is the best looking dog in the whole apartment building.

Getting advice from different people is helpful most of the time except when they all say the same thing but you do not agree with it. Asking multiple people gives you choices and I do not know about you but I like to have many different choices. Some people might give you bad advice and other people might give you good advice and thats why you should ask multiple people for advice. If you ever need advice your parents are most likely that best people to go to depending on the problem. Your parents are almost always right for relationship advice and friend advice. But if you get a pet ask the vet.        