First of all, NASA only gets their information from research and cameras which they depend on to help them with their research too. According to the text it states,"New high-resolution images and 3D altimetry from NASA's Mars Global Survey spacecraft reveal the Face on Mars for what it really is: A mesa." Well, the Face of Mars does indeed exist but there is not any proof that there was life on Mars once because it seems impossible. To add to that it has been twenty five years since the discovery, and there is not a for sure explanation that is logical because some people think there is smething behind it.

Second, now to the conspiracy theorists, they think there was life on Mars like aliens. Anything is possible for one so they can't be entirely incorrect because even a few scientists got to thinking about the Face of Mars could be an alien too. According to the text it says,"Although few scientists believed the Face was an alien artifact, photographing Cydonia became a priority for NASA when Mars Global Surveyor(MGS) arrived at the Red Planet in September 1997, eighteen long years after the Viking missions ended." Even scientists believed it too and NASA has logical thinkers in their coorporation too.

Next, on April 8,2001 they got a picture of the Face,"Malin's team captured an extraordinary using the camera's absolute maximum resolution. Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." So overall the technology for the camera was very equiped.

Therefore, the conspiracy theorists may have some thoughts that make NASA ponder about. Such as, NASA could be lying to us all and making us to believe that there is no such thing as extra terestrial objects and such. Here are some interesting theories that government should give us answers on, is the world really round, do aliens exist, is NASA lying, is there really a so called space, could aliens be demons, and overall is the government lying and hiding a bunch of theories from us. In fact they may have those answers to our natural questions about life?

In conclusion, NASA goes by research and proven facts and conspiracy theories have nothing to back them up. There are so many questions about life and Man do not have all the answers. We do not even know of all the organisms that could be living in the ocean. We may never know these questions, but NASA goes by research, cameras, and approximations about these discoveries and us the people just have to believe in what they are telling us.               