Have you ever wondered what the electoral college is? If you answered no I would say me to, but in this essay im going to explain why i am for it. I havent heard of the electoral college till now. So sit back and read this.

I think that we should do the electoral college, so everyone has a say on who they want to be the state senate. Under the college system,  voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. While others might say no we need to get rid of the electoral college, because the senate might be bribing the voters, so he knows that he/she has their vote for sure.

This is where it gets tricky. Alot of people might disagree with you because you have a different point of view than them, but it is ok if you disagree with them, because its your vote that counts. This might be what they say "It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational". The biggest arguments are, because people say that one of the runners in the campaign did something they wasn't suppose to do.

At the most basic level, The elctoral college is unfair to voters. That is probaly something you would say if you was against the electoral college. It's ok to go for what you believe in. You might get judged but who cares it's your opinion don't listen to them.

I personally think that we should keep it. The Electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner. It's the electors that elect the president not the people. When your voting for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors. Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee. it's nearly impossible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. Believe it or not its has happened very rarely. It happened in 2000, when Gore had more votes than Bush yet fewer electoral votes, but that's the first time since 1988.

There is 5 reasons for retaining the electoral college despute its lack of democratic pedigree. It may have ripped some people off, but at least we got people as good presidents. You may not like them, but they have helped us over the years that we were in debt and need. Like right now the president's wife is helping the obese kids at school by putting in whole grains and healthier foods. Those are good reasons, but not as good as these.

Certainty of out come.

The reason is that winning candidate's share of the electoral college invariably exceeds more than enough. Because almost all the states award electoral votes on a winner take all basis, even a vey slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible. But the stakes are highly unlikely to happen.

Everyone's President

The electoral college requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. There is region that has enough electoral votes to elect a president. some people has no incentive to campaign heavily in the states that they are regionally favorited, becuse they will not gain any electoral votes by increasing their plurality.

Swing States

The winner take all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates. Voters in the toss up states are more likely to pay more attention to the campaign. So they know that they are going to know that they are deciding the election. They are also likely to be the most thoughtful voters.

Big States

The elctoral college restores somke of the weight in the political balance that large sates lose by virtue of the mal-appointment of the senate decreed in the constitution. The most popular vote in 2012 was by the state of Florida. Obama won that election with only 29 electoral votes. Bigger states get more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a smaller state does.

Avoid Run Off Elections

The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which the candidate recieves a majority of the votes by the cast. When neither of the candidates recieve majority vote it becomes more intense, because they start trying their hardest so they can win the election. Well there is the five reasons.

It can be argued but only one will be victorious. Will we keep the electoral vote? Or will we get rid of it? So if i persuaded you to keep it pick, then keep if i didnt, then pick get rid of it. Which one will you choose.    