It is much more enjoyable to have the freedom to explore individually. This freedom allows individuals to reach their full potential. Schools that assign summer projects should give students the privilege to explore their interests, while encouraging creativity. Furthermore, schools that assign summer projects should allow students to design their own project because all students are under different circumstances and students should be allowed to be creative, especially in environments outside of school.

It is inevitable for students to have different interests, hobbies, and circumstances. For example, some students may enjoy staying in the comfort of their home while others may enjoy the adventures of the outdoors. All students partake in different activities during the summer; it could include a summer job, sports team, or vacations. All of these factors influence a student's life, and this sets one student apart from another. Each student should be able to incorporate the experiences of their summer break into their project, eliminating the regulatory aspect of a teacher-designed project.

For some students, regulation and routine can be exhausting. The whole school year is an on-going cycle of the same routine, with little variations. Summer break should quite literally be a break from that, allowing students to stray away from the same routine. For this reason, schools should encourage creativity and free-will through summer projects. Furthermore, allowing students to design their own project gives them a sense of control which might encourage students to actually complete the project.

Some may argue that student-designed projects are a bad idea because students need discipline and the possibility that the goal of continuous learning would not be achieved is greater. This argument is false because discipline is not always effective. Guiding students down the right path while encouraging their own ideas is a more effective approach to helping students learn. Even though a clear outline of directions are given to the student, if a student finds no enjoyment in the process, then it is less likely the project will even be completed. The goal is not to control the student, but to aid the process of learning.

Simply giving students the freedom to design their own projects allows then to take advantage of their different circumstances and opportunities while implementing creativity. Assigning summer projects to assure students continue learning is an excellent idea, but allowing students to design their own projects may be more effective because all students are different. Anyone can complete a project with step-by-step instructions, but what matters is what is learned through the process. One set of explicit directions cannot satisfy every single students' needs and/or wants in a learning environment. In conclusion, the process of completing the project is more important than just getting it done.