In the article it talked about trying to travel on Venus. I would say to my best opinion one day we will have the technology to travel to Venus and stay their for my then a couple weeks and be able to learn more about Earth's sister planet. What i like a lot about this article it that it makes sure to talk about a lot of similarities it has to earth and as well as s lot of differences it has to earth as well. What I found the most crazy about this was that no robot or anything we sent to

Venus could survive the harsh conditions for more then a few hours.

When it comes down to it the aurthor as you can tell heavily supports the thought of traveling to Venus. I support It also because it never hurts to learn new things about someone or something, but I think the thing that is stopping us is the cost that it takes to send something up there and there is no point to just send someone up there to die. What i like about this article is that it talks about a lot of things Venus has in common with earth and a lot of thing Earth and Venus have thats different then each other. Somethings Earth and Venus have in common together is they are both reletivily the same and they are really close to each other in distance. But some differences are is Earth is ble top have life on it and Venus is not because the heat, pressure, and the chemicals in the air.

Dispite the want to travel to Venus and figure it out it seems highly unklikely because how dangerous the planet actually is. While traveling to Venus sounds like a really cool to do sometime down the future right now and I know we don't have the money to support a trip that far away even if its supposed to be close by. One of the main reasons I think scientists want to travel to Venus so bad is because they're always trying to learn new things and you can't punish anyone for wanting to expand there knowledge. In the end traveling there right now seems impossible because of the air, pressure and heat would kill any human very shortly afore setting foot of the planet, but i do beleive that one day we will diffinetly be there one day in the future.