I argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College,because the Electoral College is process consists of the selection of the electors ,which the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President , and the counting of the electoral votes by congress.

They get to vote who is going to be but, the Electoral College is consists of the selection of five hundred thirty eight electors. The majority of two hundred seventhy electoral votes is requied to elect the president. I think that is not going to be alot of votes of people who is voting for the person who they want. Is just voters vote not for the president , but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. Not always the voters can control whom their electors vote for!

The argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky, because the two thousand fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century. They was lucky that happen , consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. Perhaps the most worrying thin is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president.

The electoral college is unfair,outdated, and irrational. The arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality, and the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. There's five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president and those five reasons is certainty of outcome, everyone's president, swing states, big states, and avoid run-off elections. These five reasons have something to deal with Electoral College. Is just some arguments that they have of electoral college, in of defense of the electoral college.

Is just asking if the electoral college works? I think that it doesn't because they have arguments about it ,about they dont get that much votes. And that something is wrong with the electoral college. People should decide on what they want and that voters can control whom their electors vote! It can be a argued that the electoral college method of selecting the presisdent may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying thier state. Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference.                      