Summer is a great time for self education. Student designed summer education is helpful because students are aware of their low points, should be a variable in their success, and should be working comfortably during the summer. Teachers may know a lot about their students, but no one understands the students like themselves. If a student is struggling on something, they can work on it as a project over the summer. As the student, it's your job to complete a task, and you should have no complaints over a project designed yourself.

During the summer, students would need time to de-stress over school. Therefore, students should be able to construct projects that are comfortable for them. Some may say that all school projects should be designed by the teacher, however, they are not the students. Occurring over the summer, school projects should be designed by the student because of the students knowledge of their struggles, they are their own success, and it should be a comfortable leaning opportunity.

Being aware of your own flaws if something nearly everyone is great at, and working to better yourself is the next step in that process. When I was younger, everyone would assume that I was just a kid and didn't understand that I was doing wrong. Although I may not have taken action upon it, I knew that not doing work or submitting to peer pressure was bad. Student's understand their faults and they know what they need to work on to fix them.

Knowing your faults is one thing, but acting upon them is important. Many students, when given a choice in their work, will choose not to work hard or procrastinate upon them. I can attest to this myself, as I set many self projects for myself that I do not complete. Students who are hard working and care about their grade will complete their goals. Self made projects put the student in charge of their work and help them understand that they must complete it.

Summer is a break time off of school, therefore, students should not have to be given work that could be stressing or uncomfortable. Tens of thousands of students drop out of education due to stress and is part of the reason why there is such a large time interval between the beginning and end of the school year. Any extra work after school has ended should be kept to a comfortable, non-stressful amount of work. When students design their own projects over the summer, they make it comfortable for themselves.

The summer is a long break between school and students should have a say in any work that is assigned to them during it; this is because students are aware of what they need to improve on, should be in charge of their work and whether they complete it or not, and should be able to make their work comfortable. 