Dear Senator I am not in favor of keeping the Electoral College. We should not keep the Electoral College for many reasons. Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all agreed on one thing, and it was abolishing the Electoral College. Another reason being, under the Electoral College System, voters vote for a slate of electors, not the president and in return they select the president. Last but not least, the Electoral College is unfair to voters.

Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all agreed on one thing, and it was aboloshing the Electoral College. This was also agreed upon by many other citizens. According to a Gallup Poll in 2000, which was taken shortly after Al Gore won the popular vote, but lost the popular vote. According to the poll "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election not  the kind we have now." It is said that "this year voters are to expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again loose the presidency."

Under the Electoral College System, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in return elect the president. Because of this there are so many questions asked that are answered very broadly due to the fact you do not really know the correct answer. For instace, who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding the public office. Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, Sometimes the  State Party's central comittee, and sometimes the presidential canidates themselves.

Man oh man is the Electoral College unfair to voters! This may be an opinion, but it is on of many citizens who are all in agreement of it." All of the "winner-takes-all" systems in each state, canidates do not spend time in each states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states." In fact in the 2000 campaing there were seventeen states the did not see the canidates at all and it was said that voters in 25 of the largest media markets did not even get to see a single campaign ad. " if anyone has a good arguement for putting he fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters in ohio, they have yet to make it...."

As you can see I am in favor of changing the elctoral college to election by popular vote for the president of the United States of America. Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all agreed on one thing, and it was aboloshing the Electoral College. Under the Electoral College System they vote not for the president but for a state of electors who in return elect the president. Last but not least, the Electoral College is just unfair in so many differnt ways. These are reasons why I am not in favor of the Electoral College but in the favor to elect by popular vote for the president of the United States of America.            