As time progresses, so do classroom education and the technological innovations applied to it. While teachers search for helpful methods to engage their pupils in education, the world of science develops more and more inventions, such as the Facial Action Coding System, to improve standards of living. Despite its putative effectiveness in other fields such as advertisement or marketing, Facial Action Coding System technology possesses no place of value in a classroom and would serve as a hinderence to a student's learning process.

Although this software may serve as an effective source of profit for online corporations, it has no valueable place in classrooms. In the sixth paragraph of the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author illuminates the possibilites of success human-emotion-recognizing computer software provides in terms the world of marketing, describing how analyzing the emotional response to a Web ad popping up on one's computer screen can mold the variety of its future ads to a more preferred selection (6). While this software may be helpfully applicable to marketing schemes, its analyzation of human emotions would only deter from a student's learning in the classroom due to its possible misinterpretations and miscalculations. Verbal human communication is relied upon to determine what about a lesson plan confuses a student, and although a computer might register a student's confused expression and recognize that the lesson pace might be too fast for this individual scholar, the computer would be unable to pinpoint what exactly the student fails to understand. Other events may be weighing down heavily on a student's mind, causing their face to contort and convey the emotions brought on from factors outside of the learning setting. A change in emotion not caused by a difficult lesson plan would cause the software to possibly alter the lesson pace when the student did not require any adjustment and ultimately generate frustration in the already distressed student.

Although each day, more and more opportunities to develop and improve technology and learning are created, sometimes these brilliant innovations do not mesh well with education. Despite the proposed effectiveness this software can serve for marketing companies, Facial Action Coding System would only produce obstacles to a student's learning process, ultimately diminishing any value it could potentially possess in a classroom.