Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning. Should these projects be teacher-designed or student-designed? I believe these summer projects should be student-designed and not teachers. How would the students enjoy their summer and knowing that they got projects that is due before school starts again. If we call it summer break then the students shouldn't get any summer projects thats gonna ruin the break for them. Let them enjoy their summer break. I understand where they teachers are coming from and trying to assign the students these summer projects and making sure they are ready for their upcoming classes.

I choose for it to be student-designed, because the students already have 10 months of school that they do projects and assignments that stresses them out already. If a student wants to continue learning during summer then he can do summer school or online classes that'll help him continue his learning and staying on task. Students shouldn't get summer projects assigned to them during their break. For; example, how would they enjoy their summer break with their families, if they stressing about finishing the summer projects instead of relaxing their minds and spending time with family.

Summer projects are beneficial for students. At the same time it all depends on what classes you are taking next year. If you want to challenge yourself and take hard classes then be prepared to get summer projects to get you ready for your classes. School work and projects already causes enough stress for the students in general during school year, but getting summer projects doubles it up. Summer projects will take the fun away from summer and it wont be the same for the students. Students won't have as much time as they want to do what they want in summer, they would be stressing about something that they shouldn't be. They wouldn't get the point of what summer break is actually for.

I do understand why teachers believe that summer projects would help students continue learning. Summer projects does help students stay on task and busy and prepare them for their upcoming classes. Summer projects are beneficial but students don't understand that. The students been in school for so long that at this point they just want summer break to come. Summer is time where the students can relax their minds and be stress free for little. You also gotta understand that some students don't have the time for it. For; example, there are students that play summer sports, there are students that work in summer to provide money for them self or help their families out. How would they do that knowing they got summer projects due and stress about not having enough time to do it.

In conclusion

I believe that summer projects should be student-designed and not teachers. It should depend on what the student want for himself not what the teacher wants. If the students wants to to stay on task and continue their learning in summer break then they can sign up for online classes or ask for summer projects to do. Not all students have the time to do summer projects. Students won't have any free time to enjoy their summer or family vacation. Let the students enjoy their summer break without a stress and relax their minds.           