It is necessary for a student to keep their mind active over long breaks from school, such as summer break.

Some may say that assigning a teacher designed project is the way to go, however a student designed project would be vastly more effective.

A project designed by the students would guide them to putting more effort into it, it would help teach some independence, and would be less of a chore to the students.

Because the projects are student designed, the students will feel a greater sense of responsibility for it, and will put more effort into it, which will up the quality of the projects.

When a student feels responsible for a project, they will go to greater lengths to ensure that they do it right, and that it turns out good.

No one wants something that is entirely their own to turn out bad.

The students will have greater creative liberty with how they execute it.

This flexibility will accomodate every student, no matter how they learn best.

Wether it be writing a paper, painting a picture, creating a diagram, or making a website, the students would be able to learn in whatever way they do best, no matter what that way may be.

Students will be better at ensuring that all details of the project are included.

If they are the ones to decide what the project includes, there is no way they can fall short of the information required.

Making it a student led project will allow the students to take a significant amount of pride in it, that does not come with other projects.

Having the students design their own projects would allow the students to try new styles of projects.

Perhaps the teachers they have do not assign a specific type of project that a student really enjoys.

The students would be able to do that type of project.

The students could also have the desire to try a new style of project.

The projects that are assigned at school can often be redundant or generally overdone.

Having the students design their own project will allow the students to try something new and possible adopt a preferred way of completing projects.

Having the students do the projects that they want to so will also help communicate to the teachers what the students want.

When a teacher sees a new and unique way of leaning, they could potentially use it in the future as a new and more captivating way of teaching.

Having the students design a project will force them to come up with their own requirements.

This will be a wonderful chance for the students to obtain some independance that is not really offered at school.

Usually when assigned a project, there is a paper that has all of the requirements layed out in a convenient guidline for the students to follow.

Between the guidline and the teachers constant presence, the project loses a majority of its independance.

Having a project that is entirely up to the students will allow the students to learn to be more independant, which will come in handy later on in life.

Student designed means every aspect.

They would be able to base their project on whatever they want.

This would give them an opportunity to research something that they don't already know anything about.

Often students cannot pursure their interests because of all their other responsibilities.

Many students cannot take the classes that they wish to take becuase they have other classes that they are required to complete in order to graduate.

Becuase there is no determined subject of the project, the students will have the rare chance to research whatever they want to.

This could even be a time where the students could learn something that is not taught in school at all. This also applies to classes that they may be taking that they do not do many projects in.

This would give them the chance to use and display the knowledge that they already have.

Similarly to the style of projects, upon seeing all of the topics that interest the students, the teachers may be inclined to add some of the topics to their curriculum, which would once again encourage the students to be more interested in their classes.

When one student is interested in something, it is more than likely that other students will be the same.

Though it is important for students to work with topics that are already somewhat familiar to them, it's also very important for students to step outside of their comfort zone into something entirely new.

When a student begins learning about a topic with an open mind and a goal to learn, they may find more than a project, they may find a passion.

It's very important to allow students to explore new interests while still in highschool.

Being in the smae routine for years may put a student into the mindset that they should not change what they are already doing, or it could even discourage students from pursuing new interests.

It is important that students find these interests so that they will have an idea of what they want to do when they go to college, or when they step out into the world as adults.

Students should be able to design their own projects, rather than teachers.

Student designed projects will push them to put more effort into in, to achieve some independence, and to generally care more about what they are learning.

Especially now days, the curriculum in more so about teaching what will be on the standardized tests that we must pass in order to graduate, rather that the interests that the students actually have.

The mindset that we must prepare students by not allowing them to pursue their own interests needs to stop.

We should strive to make learning more fun and cater the the interests of the students.

When students know what they enjoy, they will be more prepared for the future in which they will not be stuck doing a job that they do not enjoy, to live a life that has little interest to them.

One of the biggest issues right now with highschoolers is that they have no idea what they want to do with their future.