Everyone makes millions of choices in his or her lifetime. While making these choices, it is not uncommon for one to ask others for advice. Often, one will consult multiple people. It is always an excellent idea to receive multiple opinions when one is making an important choice or decision because this gives one an open mind to all methods and ideas, lets one know what the most reliable choices are based on how many have suggested them, and all while still allowing the decision-maker to choose the best option for himself.

Consulting multiple people for ideas and suggestions allows one to have an open mind when considering every different method. This can be evidenced by my own experience. One time, I had to decide what to get with money I had received for my birthday. I knew I wanted clothes, but I could not decide which kind. I believed it would always be practical to buy uniforms for school. However, my friends suggested I purchased clothing such as merchandise, sportswear, accessories, even things that were not clothes! All of these suggestions baffled me at first, but then i realized they were actually fantastic ideas! Ultimately, I decided to compare every suggestion I received and decide what to spend my money on based off of that. I realized that buying uniforms would be a bit of a waste and that I already had plenty, whereas there was a bit of a dearth when it came to clothes I actually enjoyed wearing. Without my friends, I never would have realized that! Ultimately, I ended up purchasing whatever clothes made me happy, such as those I found aesthetically pleasing and those that reminded me of things I enjoy. Despite thinking it was impractical at first, I am still very pleased with my choice and I never would have made it without the consultation I got from others.

Taking advice from others also shows which method of action holds the best results. For example, a few years ago, I needed to decide which middle school to attend. All of my friends were going to different schools, so i did not know what to do. I decided to look into the schools themselves rather than which ones my friends were attending. I looked for a school that met my personal standards and one that adults I know can tell me about. A lot of people told me that Generic_School was in my best interest and most closely fit the criteria I was looking for. They told me about the positives and negatives of it and compared it to other schools. It took me a while to make the decision, but I am glad I did. No school is perfect but I believe that this one was the best for me. This proves that recommendations are always good things to take into consideration when making an important decision.

Receiving multiple opinions is also wise because it gives insight on other people's perspectives while still allowing the decision-maker to make the choice that works best for him or her. An example of this is one that comes from my own experience. When deciding what to do this summer, I was given three options. I had to decide between traveling to West Virginia, traveling to Colorado, or staying here in Virginia and attending the Generic_School. My sister reminded me that going to West Virginia has not been pleasant for the two of us in the because never had anything to do. Then, my mom reminded me that going to Colorado means I will have to stay with my grandmother, who may try to convince me to call my father. Lastly, one of my friends suggested I attend Generic_School because I will have friends going there and I will be given the chance to improve my art. In the end, I decided I would like to travel to Colorado. Even with the possible downside, Colorado is my favorite place and I would be happy to return again, as I have not been there in years. The guidance from others helped me make my decision, but it was still up to me, and I am happy I was given the option to travel where I would like.

In conclusion, getting multiple opinions on decisions before making them is never a bad idea. The things I believe, such as that multiple opinions provide open-mindedness, multiple similar reccomendations can be reliable, and that listening to suggestions does not mean one needs to follow them, have made me believe that it is always practical to take other ideas into consideration and decide which option works best in whatever situation one is in. 