Have you ever been stuck in a position where you need advice? Then even when you may get advice from someone and it seems helpful, it ends up not getting you anywhere. Getting advice from a lot people rather than just one or two could really help your situation a lot. First of all it provides more healthy opinions to your decision on how you go about your problem. Second you are then able to compare and contrast the opinions you are given to find what works best. And finally you get a wider range of thoughts and points of view that will open up your mind to more ways of fixing this problem.

When you are provided with more than one or two opinions it leads you to being able to decifer the right from wrong and what your next move is. Sometimes you will receive an opinion that is totally different from the others. This is actually extremely helpful and would help you open up your mind and realize more ways to go about your issue. One other thing that may happen is someone may tell you something that is against what others have been telling you. For example if most people tell you to talk to a trusted adult, and then this one person says to only rely on your friends. Then you may realize that not everyone you talk to knows what they are saying. My final example is the chance that if people are talking to you as if what they say are facts, sometimes you may need to double check on that stuff. Receiving more than one opinion works somewhat like a fact checker and helps you realize if someone may be telling you false so called "facts". Being provided with multiple opinions not only allows you to open up your mind it will really show you the right advice from the wrong advice. With only one opinion you wouldn't be able to recognize these things as easily.

Having multiple advisors allows you to compare and contrast the advice you obtain. If it seems like there is repeats or everyone is saying the same thing, then go with that thing that is repeated. When the majority think that it is the best possible solution there's a good chance it actually is the best possible solution. Another thing that may happen is the advice may go back and forth and you are getting a lot of both sides or both opinions. Then in this case you can see which side has more experienced people giving you that opinion. For example lets say I am doing a school project and want to figure out how to organize it. Would I use my two younger siblings advice even though they have never done this type of school work, or would I take advice from my parents and older sibling who have experience. The answer is obvious, even though there are almost an even amount of people on both sides, you stick with who has experience. Finally my favorite way of using comparing and contrasting the advice. If you have a bunch of different opinions and none of them really match up or there are no patterns and repeats, you get to make it. In this case you can pick and pull parts from all the advice and build your own advice for yourself based off of other people's ideas. Being able to compare and contrast the advice you receive gives you a big advantage on how you want to deal with your issue.

You would receive more than one point of view by doing this and therefor a wider range of ideas. This completely opens up your mind to may ways to go about this. You are no longer stuck to just your own point of view. This can also get you to act on your problem in a more creative way. This happens because when you are opened up to so many points of view it lets you be basically unrestricted in problem solving ideas. One other thing that goes along with this advantage is that you could lead to an invention. Inventions are just ways to get around a problem in life. When we receive multiple points of view like this is opens up our creativity and problem solving to a wider array of options. One of those options could be something totally new, which would be an invention. Receiving multiple points of view and a wider range of ideas is in my opinion the best part of getting advice from more than one person. That is because it can lead to so many good ways of fixing your problem and opening up your mind to realize new ways of solving your issue.

Getting advice from multiple people rather than one person proves to have a massive advantage. It leads you to a larger supply of opinions which help you narrow down your options. It allows you to compare your pieces of advice which leads to the best most specific way of dissolving your crisis. And last it provides with you with an open eye or a larger point of view on how you would like you fix this. In my opinion if you do not try to receive more than five versions of advice from others, then you are going about it the wrong way.         