Would it be safe to travle to Venus or what about to colect some samples of Venus like rocks,gasses or other things in Venus? Have people wounder how is Venus and is it simliller or different to Earth? We know that Venus is a planet and that Venus is closest to Earth but some poeple might not know how danger Venus has. Has any people or a ship landed on Venus or expernece how Venus feels or looks like on ground. Is it is real worth going to Venus and expercence there conditions or find any life forms in Venus?

Venus Is a similler planet like Earth but only its density and size of the planet. Venus Is a Extreme planet, the conditions on Venus are bad, in Venus almost 97 percent of carbon dioxide blankets Venus. The clouds in Venus are different, there clouds of highly corrosive sulfuir acid is in the atmosphere. On Venus the surface temperatuer avage is 800 degrees Fahreanheit acording to the artical. Those are some extreme temperatuers for a human and for a space craft to be stay in Venus. In Venus the pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience in Earth, humans or machines can not with stand the heat or pressure of the atmosphere.

Humands cant live in these types of conditions like Venus has a person can end up dead and a machien or a ship can melt. No even a space ship or human landed on Venus in these types of conditions. Samples have not even been taken like rocks or gases because of these conditions in Venus. These types of misions can be super risky to do becasue of they extreme conditions the planet has. Earth and Venus are different, Earth has less extreme conditions than Venus dose but later on NASA is trying to find ways to see how they can have protection on there spacce ships and people to try to get some samples from Venus.

This is why and how dangerous Venus can be and how there condtions are extreme. Peopel would not risk dying to get some samples from Venus or try to go to

Venus. This why its not worth to study and analize samples of Venus and later on they can try to find better material or things to help out the space ship and humans to try to land or analize any samples from Venus.