Knowledge, it is one of the most powerful things in the world. How do people gain knowledge? They gain information from their mentors, teachers, coaches, parents, and older siblings. People are always learning something new everyday, from how to do long division to how to make friends. The school districts are creating projects for students to do over the summer so they can continue to learn while out of school. Although some say that teacher-design is better and more effective, student-design actually can benefit the students more by opening up their imagination and also expands their creativity.

Summer is mean't for fun and laughter, not being kept inside all day working on a project the teacher assigned over summer break. The whole point of summer is being away from school and having a vacation. So wouldn't students prefer to do a project about something that they are passionate about? Indeed, studies show that when students do school work that they choose and are passionate about their work ends up being more creative and overall better performance. Students are just growing up and in school they aren't allowed to truly express themselves because they are either too shy or the class doesn't discuss their interests. Teenagers only want to do and listen to what they want, they don't want a teacher giving them homework over summer break not even to mention that it is not something they enjoy. Creating a summer project that the students can create on their own with their brilliant minds will not only increase there productivity level, but also make them love school more because they get to do something that inspires them.

However, students grow up doing what they are told by their parents and teachers. Having a teacher planned project can be very beneficial because students more times than not, when doing something they don't like, they end up getting offtask or going the easy way out. That is why they need to have structure and guidelines. What ends up happening is when a student is struggling they procrastinate or end up not doing it at all. This branches from when students have difficulty coming up with their own ideas and are stuck trying to figure out what to do. That is why having a teacher based project is more effective because students are given what they need all they have to do is complete the assignment.

In conclusion, students grow up with an endless imagination and one day eventually it dies when they grow up to become adults. That is why a student-design project can end up being more beneficial than supposed to having a teacher assign the students a project where they aren't going to have fun and in the end will probably forget what the project was about. Students learn better when they do something that interests them and benefit more from that then to do a project about the presidents.

Having a teacher-design project has minimal benefits, that is why having a student-design project, which opens up great minds and can help students comprehend better what they are learning when doing something they enjoy.