Dear, State Senator,

I think that we should not change the way we vote we should keep the Electoral College. Maybe instead of changing everything we should keep what we have. Most likely everthing will be a total disaster. If we change everything it will all fall under the pressure. We really dont need change in the world today as it is. It will be hard to get up after this big of a fall.

Well what is bad about the Electoral College is that it is unfair for the voters that is doing the voting. Because it is all about the system of winners taking all. Some candidates dont spend time in the states. If they really know that they do not have the chance of winning. They say that this stuff is outdated and irrational. They are thinking of abolishing the Electoral College instead of keeping it.

But on the other hand what is good about it is that it is widely regarded as an anachronism. It is a non-democratic method of selecting a president. But it is not a democratic in a modern sense. But it is good because the people vote for a trusted slate of electors. But the trusted electors vote for the party`s nominee. Even though the Electoral College has a lack of most everything.

Everyone has that one good argument. Everyone calls the Electoral College a disaster factor. It says that the people in America should consider themselves lucky. Well because in the year 2000 a election called fiasco was one of the biggest election crisis in the century. The legislature`s are technically responsible for picking the electors. Well also the electors can defy the will of the people.

Also this thing can be argued. Well about changing and also maybe keeping the Electoral College. Because there is some pro`s and con`s to this situation. There is going to be up`s and down`s when it comes to this topic. There might be many more to come in the near future. This topic is one topic that everyone is arguing about this day in time.

Well thank you for taking your time and reading my essay. This was a good topic to argue about. I hope my responce will help to understand my point of view of things. I really do hope that we do keep what we have going on with the voting thing. I really do not think we should not change anything. So have a good day and once again thank you for taking the time and reading this.                        