Cars have become apart of the everyday life of the average person. It's a mode of transportaion that everyone uses in every second of their life; though it is faster then walking itself, cars are not always helpful to us. Sources inidcate that, by limiting car usage it is possible to relieve stress and reduce pollution.

Limiting the use of cars can bring less stress to the everyday driver. When in a car, it is easy to see when the driver is stressed out. Stress accumulates with traffic jams or when someone is becoming infuriated by another driver, who is driving right in front of the other driver and going really slow. There are people who have seen there stress levels drop when they are not in or don't own a car. For instance, a community in Vauban, Germany, at least 70 percent of their residents don't own a car, while 57 percent sold their car to move there. A woman, Heidrun Walter, who is a resident there stated, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way"(Source 1). This verifies how people can get away from stress by just not having a car. In Bogota, Colombia, there is a day when automobiles are banned for a day, with the execption of buses and taxis. This day has become very popular, and is a "good opportunity to take away stress"(Source 3), as said by Carlos Arturo Plaza, a business man who rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife on that day. On this day millions Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work, leaving the streets free of any traffic jam, when a driver gets stressed out he most, as stated in source 3. This shows the number of people who participated in this event and also shows their, less stressful, alternative modes of transportation.

Along with relieving stress, pollution will become less of a problem. Cars are beneficial when it comes transportation, but they can cause harm to the environment as well. Pollution is a major problem in the today's world, and with the number of cars that are in use everyday it will only become worse. Smog or any other type of pollution can cause a city or even a country to take action. Such a Paris, Fance, who put a ban on driving to reduce pollution in their city, which rivaled Beijing, China, known as the one the most polluted cities in the world, as said in source 2. This strenghens the problems that cars pose on the world, these problems can lead to delivery companies losing money because the ban was put up and won't be lifted until the smog is gone. In addition, more information about car pollution can be found in source 1. There it talks about how cars are the "linchpin" of suburbs, and how they're "a huge impediment to current efforts to drasticallly reduce greenhouse gas emissions." In some places this is slowly resolving itself; places such as the United States have seen a drop in miles driven per person since it's peak in 2009. Sociologists believe that, "it will have beneficial implications carbon emissions and the environment"(Source 4). This indicates that, while it is a major issue it is not impossible to solve it.

Cars are an easy and fast form of transportation, but they can also cause harm to people and the environment. No matter how beneficial cars are to us, wouldn't it be better to limit the use of them? This way if cars usage is limited, then the less problems we face.            