A butte and a mesa these are all natural things on our planet Earth. So why do you think that the planet Mars also can't have these things. Earth is covered in these mesas so more than likely other planets including Mars probably have buttes and mesas, its just coincidentall that it looks like a face. With the other pictures it proves that the mesa isn't an alien artifact and just a natural landform.

If you go out to the Rocky Mountains and look around you can probably see tons of Mesas maybe not as big ,but they are still the same natural landform. The mesa is big and does look like a face at first glance ,but there is no way you can prove it. But for scientists you can back it up with facts not just opinions.

If you look at the image taken from the spaceship Viking 1 from 1976 you can see that only looks somewhat similar to a face. And then 22 years later a picture from a Mars Global surveyor you can see that it very clearly isn't a face and instead just a natural landform.

The only way that this could be an alien artifact is if the martians are inside of it or underneath it. That would explain how the camera can not see any other buildings around the object because they are all inside of it so no one is outside. They also could be inside of the butte because the planet is deadly for some paticular reason and they have shelter inside safely away. And another reason is because inside of the planet there may be some source of running water that is keeping them alive.

Although this could not work because they more than likely would have gotten a picture of a martian outside doing something. And they would need some source of water which has already dried up on the outside of the planet.

In the end it is not possible that the mesa is an alien artifact and is instead just a butte or a mesa that happens to like a face. Because the clearer picture shows that it now looks nothing like a face, water stopped flowing on the red planet a long time ago, and Earth also has these land forms all over the place.