Today I'm writing about The Challenge of Exploring Venus. Venus is sometimes called the "Evening Star". Its one of the brightest points of light in the sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. In our solar system, Venus is the second planet from the sun. While Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely.

First, there's a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. On the planets surface temperatures average over 800 degress Fahrenheit, and the atomospheric pressure is 90 times greater that what we expreinced on our own planet. These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth; such an enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liqefy many metals. Also notable, Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to our sun. Beyond high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather presnt additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface.

However, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atomosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. More importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. Or maybe we should think of them as challenges. Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to out knowledge of Venus.

Last, NASA is working on other approches to studying Venus. For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. Another project is looking back to an technology called mechanical computers. These devices were first envisioned in the 1800s and played an important rolein the 1940s during World War 2. The thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. Just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. By comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.

Finally, I'm talking about all the things i talked about in my paragraphs. I talked about Venus and it's nickname, the amosphere percent, orbiting and hovering and then the NASA.