People are on the argument that NASA would hide an aliean artifact. NASA is trying to cover the possabilty of this artifact being accrute. That NASA would like to have this information to them selfs. The supporters of NASA beleve that NASA would come out with their discoverys. Both sides have a piont of but NASA starts their project to debunk these theorsist.

NASA capters this photo of the red plant in the year 1976 and shows the photo to the public. This picture would become big" it became a pop icon and starred in Hollywood films,appeared in books, and ect. Then contriverse started on this could be and an ancient civilization."meanwhile,defenders of NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization. This wouldn't stop thorists, not in the slitest bit.

After the surveyor srrived at the plant on September 1997 ,18 years after the program ended. NASA said"We felt this was important to taxpayers" explained Jim Garvin. On April 5th, 1998 when the Global Surveyor flew over cydonia. Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture. This picture was 10 times as better as the original and shows a natural land form.

The picure showed better evidence that the theorist were wrong about an ancient cover up of anything. Garvin said"So,if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egtptian-style pyramids or even small shacks,you could see what they were. What the picture shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or meas. This debunks all explations of theorists every were. NASA has proven them selfs to not being the bad guys in a cover up.

In conclision NASA releases the picture to the press in 1976. Therists say thats NASA is trying to cover up their findings of this civilization. NASA finds out about what people are saying about a cover up .18 years later they are going back to Mars to take another photo with abetter camra. Everything is put to rest with the qulity of the new picture showing better textures and a clear image of this biome.