Arguements on whether the state senator should favor in keeping the Electoral College or change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States are occuring today. Each favor has its advantages and disadvantages, but we should favor in keeping the Electoral College. This is because less disputes are likely to happen and not voting will not effect the election.

On the other hand, changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States has some advantages. In "Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong", author Bradford Plumer claims "the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational" because "candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning." This means that the candidates focus on the "tight races of the 'swing' states." To continue, Plumer also argues that changing to election by popular vote makes every vote count;however, chaning to election by popular vote will cause mant disputes and it is not the right way to keep everyone satisfied with voting for a new president. Keeping the Electoral College is more realistic.

To begin, the Electoral College is fair to the states, leaving fewer disputes. In "Source 3: In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President", author Richard A. Posner explains that the Electoral College "restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution." The Electoral College gives larger states more attention from presidential candidates as opposed to a smaller state. Posner continues the idea with "the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election." To break it down, voters who pay close attention to the campaign will be the most thoughtful voters and they will recieve the most attention from the candidates. This reduces the amount of disputes because the presidential candidates will decide on who to give the most attention to.

In addition, the Electoral College method does not get affected by the ones who chose not to vote. In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President", author Richard A. Posner states that "knowing [the voters'] vote has no effect [gives them] less incentitive to pay attention to the campaign." But, "voters in presidential electons are people who want to express  political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide and election." This means thatchanging everyone to a single vote will have no effect, too because people will not put thought into who to vote, but they will just vote for whoever.

To conclude, the state senator should favor in keeping the Electoral College rather than changing to election be popular vote for the president of the United States because less disputes will occur and not participating will not be effective.            