Do you think students would benefit from being able too attend classes from home? In my option I would say of course. Because today you see many people allowing or wanting there child to be able to do there work at the comfort of there home. Simply because some kids learn better at home,in some cases it could be there is less distractions surrounded around them for examples class clowns,bullies,girls,friends and maybe even the class pet. But don't get me wrong there is some people who would rather learn from a teacher and be able to ask live questions. Maybe even find learning from home could be a distraction because of siblings and things of that nature.

The main reasons I feel like it would be a good idea is because I feel like everyone should have a option to send there child to a normal school or to do schooling online. Because everybody are not in the same shoes and when I say that I mean like as much as one person parent makes compared to the others. In example when kids don't feel compturble around there peers because of the cloth they wear. Maybe because of the way they look so they don't ask questions in class. So they don't wanna bring attention to them selves. But with a online teachers and being at home they will be able to contrate better and pay attention. Because they don't have anybody to worry about judging them for there answers or even the cloth they wear on there back. Also this is just one of my many big reasons I feel like this should happen

Another major reason I have in mind is that some students work to help them selves or the house hold. Because there parents may need just a little bit of help or sometimes students may watch there siblings while there parents are at work. If we did school online I know it would not last 8 hours of the day so that gives u time to rest before u go to work. Maybe even give you more time to put on the clock, also it could help with making a student better at being independent. If its like edunuity which are online classes because it shows dates and time frames for you to finish your work. It helps you learn time management and you choose when u begin your work during the day.

My next and final reason is if school was online we would not have to wake up early in the morning to attend school. we could start are online course when you wake up refreshed from a good enough amount of rest. You can begin to do your courses and maybe even the times when students are sick. Begin to feel better during the day or you where only feeling bad during the morning. Could go ahead and still complete the work that they would of missed. If you where in school and would have to do the work the next day after you feel better.

These are all my major reasons I feel we should do school online. I just feel as it would have a better impact on the students learning and independent skills. If we did begin to do online courses it should start in high school because that's when students begin to mature and they could handle doing work at home better.     