Today, we often depend on technology. From home to school to work, it is now an essential tool in our everyday lives. As the years go by, people are becoming more and more innovative in the ways they're using it. For instance, long distance learning is now being offered as a learning option for students. Although technology has drastically improved since it first became popular, it is important to acknowledge the fact that there are still imperfections that can negatively impact students' school and personal life. Internet crashes, hackers, and lack of social skill are only few of many hardships a long distance learner may face.

Many of us rely on technology without knowing the right procedure to take when it fails us. Say a student decides to enroll in the long distance learning program. It started off great until one day his internet crashes. He tried everything that he could think of, but he can't seem to fix it. He has no choice but to call his internet company for help. He's then notified that they won't be able to come to his home and assist him for another 3 days. That's 3 days of lessons that he will miss. Even when his internet is fixed, there's an high chance that he'll get hacked. There are over 300 million hack attempts a day! His identity and personal information, like his address, could be stolen and he could potentially be put in danger. On the other hand, schools usually have professional staff that specializes in computers and technology during all school hours. At school, getting hacked and internet crashes will less likely happen and if they do, they have the staff to fix it. You may think that going to the library or going to a friend's house is a perfect solution, but there is no guarantee they'll be available every time you have a technical difficulty.

Social skills are critical when it comes to school, careers, and everyday life. Being able to socialize comfortably and confidently is an important skill for success, especially if your career choice requires you to do so. People usually start building their social skills when they first start school, where they interact and communicate with their peers. Students miss out on this opportunity when they only learn by clicking and scrolling on a screen in the vicinity of their home. People often get comfortable with isolation and adapt to being alone and never learn how to communicate properly with others. Lacking these skills can effect the long distance learners' performance at job interviews and daily tasks that requires them to speak to others around them. This could result in them missing out on the opportunity to flourish in the career field they studied hard for and the opportunity to develop good relationships with other people.

With social skills, resources, and good relationships, students are more likely to achieve their goals. Being without these things, long distance learning students are set behind for the outside world. Therefore, all students should attend school the traditional way to obtain all the benefits and opportunities to be as successful as they can. 