The main topic of this story is that the Electoral College are not making votes fair for other people. So i will tell them what is really going on with the U.S.

To begin with, I personally think the Electoral College should change because over the years after people voted it seemed they wanted to change it, so they decide to cause a riot around there city, maybe the U.S. Some people do not like how the Electoral Law is set for our U.S. My opinion is that some of the people running for presidents usually get helped, not only by us, but by other members of the Electoral Collage. As you see the evidence is how you turn on the T.V at night and see what is going on with the vote and election. For example Afganiscan, they are destroying there country becuase of how much they dislike our president, because of a unfair vote.

Think about it would any of this happen if the Electoral College made things fair with making people at least vote twice? As you see how other people are getting deeply hurt of what you are doing. Now am not asking you to abuse this opinion just to make people happy, but the main topic of what i am writing you is to think and observe around you. According to everyone else opinion, i am not only speaking for me now, but people are thinking to redo the election. People all country would like to vote for the same president of the U.S i know there are some states that have a president but like im saying, they want to change that.

People can see that its up to us to choose who is president, but its not the members of the Electoral College job to add more credit to the person losing or winning. People are dieciding to make plans because they do not get things there way. Just like the riot in paris with the terriots, there had to be a reseason for it. Think about it why would terriots want to kill people? Not only for fun but because of the presidential voting. Every bad thing on the U.S is mainly about voting. Just like people holding up signs on the street to change there election.

As you can see the Electoral College is really selfish. They tend to pay more attensiion to themselves but not others. They do it for the money and the fact to usually get other people upset. The presidents that the Electoral Collage want to win they win. Its a fact that most presidents win to easy. They win with a plethora of help, not only with the U.S but with the members of the Electoral Collage.

In Conlusion, the electoral colage has to think about other people. They ned to focus more on the atmoshpere then sitting in one small room thinking about themselves.                                                                                    