Should there really be an Electoral College?  Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO have all agreed on abolishing the electoral college, and so do I! Not very many people really understand what the electoral college really is.

The electoral college was established into the Constitution by our founding fathers as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in congress and election of the President by a popular vote of citizens. The electoral college consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. Wherever you live your states allotment of electors is equal to the number of members in its Congressional delegation.

Each canidate running for president has his/her own group of electors. The electors are usually chosen by the canidates political party. But each state has different laws. It depends on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are. The Presidental election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. Whenever you vote for whom ever you want to be President, you are also helping choose your states electors. Whenever you vote for your canidate you are actually voting for your canidates electors.

Your governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertianment" after the presidential election listing all of the canidates who ran for President in your state along with the names of their respective electors. Also, the certificate declares the winning of the presidential canidate in your state and it shows the electors that will represent your state at the meeting of electors in December of the election year. Your certificate is then sent to the Congress and the National Archoves as part of the official records of the presidential election.

Now, im sure there are many many people that agree with me that we should get rid of the electoral college. Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the one we have now. Under the electoral college system, voters vote for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. The electoral college doesn't try to fix the problem of elections in which no canidate receives  a majority vote, they just ignore it.

I think that it is the popularity vote that should decide who gets the most amount of votes and decides who become the next President of the United States. I think that the Electoral college is unfair to the citzens around the U.S.

I always thought that it is us, the people that got to decide who we believe should become the next president, not the canidates electors. I believe that our votes should decide who become the next President, not the electoral votes.                            