Helping the community is a good thing, but people don't have to do it if they don't want to. But students should help out the community. i think since that we live in a good/bad community i think it would be good to help out the environment, or help younger individuals get a better education. Other community services require like babysitting, donating food, or donate money, not all community services are long and time wasting.

If all the students did community service, then the community would be way better for the young and the old. examples of a bad community for the young and the old would be like pollution in the air and on the ground, if everyone was smoking it would increase the chances of the elderly and young to get a lung disease like asthma. Or if we left litter on the floor babies could eat the litter and could go to the hospital or even die.

i recommend that everyone does community service even if the students don't want to, its good for the environment, the people, and the learning. If we did community service we would be a roll model for younger individuals and they would want to do community service as well and the cycle would keep repeating.

Though some of the community services we may do could be very dangerous. like picking up litter in the highway, some kid could walk out in the street to get a piece of trash then get hit by a car. I'm just saying that we don't use our heads sometimes.

But what i' m getting to is that community service would be a great idea for everyone to do. And there maybe some risks to this also. If we did do community service more people would come to this town and that means more students and more money for the school! which means we could improve some of the things this school lacks, like more space in the rooms, and a larger cafeteria. The schools budget would be sky rocketing. So were pretty much doing each other a favor like a i scratch your back, you scratch mine.

If people got word that were doing this good cause then the news would become an epidemic! more and more schools would start doing this making the world a better place to live in and there would be no more murder, robbery, or bullying. my point is, is that helping the community would be a great achievement for everyone.