Dear principal,

Many would seem to object to the thought of having to maintain a B average to participate in sports, but I for one, agree. Students may take it as unfair, but they do not realize that without education, they have nothing. To get into better universities, they will not accept grades that are not exceptional, let alone standard. I believe these students are trying to "just get by" in their class work, leading them to become irresponsible, lazy, and completely oblivious to the fact that the better jobs out there require more than a "standard" degree. Most school athletes believe that right out of high school, they will be drafted into a professional sports career, and for some, it is true. However, the statistics of ever making it into a professional league is slim, and for those who don't make it, and sadly don't care about their education, and end up getting a job that pays little to none and wishing that they did what they were supposed to do in school.

A lot of the time, my fellow students think that average is good enough, and it's sad to say that I know that some of them won't do well out of school. I know students who are going to drop out of school or not go to college, and it breaks my heart to see them make those mistakes.

I do understand that there are students who just don't understand the work, but a lot of the time, they don't get help with it, making harder on them self. Honestly, if you expect to do sports and get a good education, a C is not good enough.

I also think it is a great idea to not allow students to partake in school activities, such as dances and field trips, if their grades are not up to par. If students want to have fun they should want to get their grades up. We teens and pre-teens anticipate so much from the everyone and everything, but we don't understand when our parents or teachers want us to succeed.

To make a long story short, why should students be able to do what they want, if they are not doing what they need to do. Grades are just as influential as having fun so that's why I agree with you that they should maintain a B average to participate in sports and activities.