Often times, people don't ask for advice from more than one person, which can sometimes result in bad decision making. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because they can get different perspectives, receive help from people who are highly experienced, and be given the chance to have a brighter future.

One of the reasons seeking multiple opinions helps someone make a better choice is because they can get different perspectives. People can listen to others' point of view, which may make it easier for them to decide what decision they're going to make. For example, a month ago, I was in the process of selecting my courses for freshman year, but I was unsure if I should take regular Geometry or Geometry Honors. So, I found a time to meet with my guidance counselor and asked her for her personal opinion. She believed that it would be a mistake if I took the honor class because she was afraid that I would be overwhelmed with the workload. After some thinking, I decided to ask for advice from my math teacher, who encouraged me to enroll in Geometry Honors because she'd noticed that I've consistently maintained outstanding grades since the beginning of the school year. Finally, after listening to both sides, I decided to take Geometry Honors. Listening to different perspectives can be beneficial, but people can also receive help from people who are more experienced than them.

Another reason seeking multiple opinions helps someone make a better choice is because they can get help from people who are highly experienced in their field. Receiving help from professionals doesn't necessarily mean that they know what's best for someone, but they can certainly serve as assistance if someone is facing a problem. For instance, a couple of months ago, my friend Generic_Name was struggling with drafting her college resume. She was at a disadvantage because she didn't know what steps to follow to write her resume, and the worst part of it all was that her school guidance counselor was unwilling to take the time to help her. At first, she attempted to write it herself without any guidance, but then her old friend, Generic_Name, who already graduated from college and is now an English professor at Generic_School, was visiting during that week. He noticed how frustrated she was with her essay, and decided to sit down with her and give her some pointers. After finalizing her resume to the best of her ability, Generic_Name decided to make a copy of it to give to her English teacher, Ms. Generic_Name, who is a notable alum from Harvard University. Ms. Generic_Name gave her some feedback, but overall, her paper was ready to submit. Generic_Name sent it out to Santa Monica University, and received her acceptance letter a few months later. Receiving help from highly experienced people can also lead to a brighter future.

Lastly, seeking multiple opinions helps someone make a better choice because they can be given the chance to have a brighter future. By making just one decision, your life can turn upside down. For example, my close friend, Generic_Name, just graduated from CalTech with his Bachelors and Masters Degree in cyber security and software development. He's thinking of applying to Microsoft to be an engineering coordinator, but he's unsure if he will be accepted. He knows that hundreds of thousands of candidates apply each year, but only a small number of people are accepted. Generic_Name decides to ask for advice from one of his friends, Generic_Name, who currently works at Microsoft. Generic_Name told him that with his work ethic, he would surely get fired during his first week of the job. Generic_Name wasn't sure if this was constructive criticism, or if Generic_Name was jealous of him and wanted to see him fail. Generic_Name thought about it, and decided to ask his college professor, Mr. Generic_Name, what he thinks he should do. He told him that he would thrive working at Microsoft and he would regret it if he didn't apply. After much consideration, he decided to apply. Five months later, he received his acceptance letter in the mail and happily took the job. He is now well known throughout the country. If someone is given the chance to do something great, they shouldn't turn it down.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because they can listen to others' point of view, get help from trained professionals, and can be given the opportunity to have a successful future. People should take initiative to ask for help and shouldn't rely on only one person's opinion. 