Dear, State Senator

Some people in the America are worried about the voting for the president. Some people are in favor of keeping the Electoral College, and other are in favor of channging the voting system to popular vote. Going in favor of Electoral College has only one good favor like in Source 1 it says that "The Cerificate of Ascertainment also declares the winning presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors will represent oyur state at the meeting of the electors in Decemeber of the election year."

In the Electoral College there is somthing a bit unfair, if on of the presidential cadidate went after the bigger city's like Florida,Texas,or California (as showed in the picture in Source 3) the would have a big lead in the race for one of the cadidates. If one of the presidential cadidates got all three of them then it would be like a win-win for them. After they got those three it would be that hard to go after which ever state he want to get to vote for him.

Even though Electoral College is a good way popular vote would give a clear vote on who would win the presidential election. If we went with popular vote it would just matter on the people's vote on who they woluld want in the White House. If there is a tie, then the should find one person off the streets and ask them who would they want to win the presidential election. All they would have to do is give him a piece of paper with both names and he would pick one. If the state went to popular votes then Obama and Romney would most likely had a closer race then what it was. In Source 2 it says "According to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore- thanks to the quirks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct electin to the kind we have know."

But know that you know some people in America don't like the Electoral College and saw what they had to say mabye just mabye you will consider changing how we the people ofAmerica vote to choose who we want in the White House.    