There are many reason why Electrol College should not be kept, but it is the right thing if we change it to election by popular vote. This Reason why I pick this is because us people want the right leader to leads us on a good path thats why we are citizens our job is to vote to them.

The electrol college is not the best option because the electrol college doesn't give everyone an oppurtunity to select who they want as there leader, In article three where it says "Everyone's President" the author states that "No region (South,Northeast, etc.) has enough electrol votes to elect a president." This mean that most of the states in the south do not get the chance to vote for a presiden and this increases Romney chances of wining, and what if the candidate that wins with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president? The citizens of the United States will feel as if they aren't apart of this country, not giving the rights or freedom this country promised them. The citizens will feel like their votes do not count, when they have there opinion on something the new president will have no interest towards it, this means to us that he isn't really a president. In article last paragragh the author states "people who think that a single vote may decide an elcetion."In the past plenty of ties had happened before they handled this by the election would be thrown to the House of Representative.

Election by popular vote is fair in both ways they give the people a chances to pick who they want and who will make a difference to our country. Its not fair if we vote and if we don't have enough electrol college our votes don't count in our region, that takes away what we been living in this country for. In the past they agreed on abloshing the electrol college also the article states that "over 60 percent of voters would perfer a direct election to the kind we have now." As citizens it's important to listen to what we have to say cause we are the people who make up this country. They don't want election by popular vote cause they are afraid that a tie will happen because an election usually stops around 538 but it is highly unlikey to happen, it only happened twice in history for election by popular vote in 1968 by Richard Nixon and 1992 by Bill Clinton.

There are many reason why Electrol College should not be kept, but it is the right thing if we change it to election by popular vote. This Reason why I pick this is because us people want the right leader to leads us on a good path thats why we are citizens our job is to vote for them.            