Is Home Schooling For You

What is so important about home schooling?

I think that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students would not have the amount of social activity as others, they also would not learn the amount of information as they would in school.

Students would'nt benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students would'nt have the amount of social activity as others. studies show that five out of ten students are more distant just by taking classes from home. Being in a school can improve your communication skills that can be used in interviews, presentations, performances, or even if your just speaking to family or friends. It's one of the most important thing you'll need in life. Taking online classes at home is a totally different environment then being at school. At home you only have a few people you can talk to for help which could be your parents, family, or your teacher. School is different you have students everywhere, teachers, and friends that can help you with anything such as personal problems, injuries, and school work. Being at school can help you learn more life lessons then being at home.

Students would'nt benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students wouldnt learn the amount of information as they would in school. School shows you everything you need in life like Science, History, Math, a language, English, how to read, write, even how to cook. Learning from school can show you anything you want to know from the basics to an even deeper perspective.

Learning more than the necessary can improve you more as a student and as person. Will show you thinks you'd need in the future even things you need now.

However,

I know that some students are home schooled because of popularity, they might always be on the road to new places, medical reasons, or the environment just is'nt for them. Some students choose to not go to public school because of bullying and I understand that. Everyone has a reason to be home schooled but you should'nt be home schooled just because your "to tired" and you dont want to wake up early in the morning. Home schooling shows us more about our future. Whoever thought that students would be able to take classes from home or even through video conferencing?

Going to school will make you grow in a way you've never seen before. You'll learn more than the basics, you'll learn how to interact with people, and you'll learn so much more. Step by step you'll start to grow and learn new things on the way. Everyone is different and everyone will gravitate things in different ways.