For many students, missing school can be something that can put a wrench in their progress. Out of school, students miss assignments, lectures, and tests, which can be detrimental to their grades and their overall GPA. Some schools have decided to use distance learning as an alternative to missing school, by allowing their students to attend a class from home using video chats or conference calls, when they are at home. This allows students who are sick, or have emergencies come up, to attend classes and to not fall behind. Having the option to attend class at home has many benefits for students, and would help to raise many students GPA's, due to the flexibility that the distance learning would offer.

Some students have low immune systems, and are sick often throughout the entire school year. Because of the fact that we would fall behind, many students will go to school no matter how sick, in order to attend class and keep their grades up. This leads to overall low performance, and low sanitation, as germs from the sick students will be on everything that they touch. Those who do stay home however, have to go back to school and make up every missed assignment, test, quiz, and homework for each class that they miss. Some schools have eight periods in a day, meaning that the student would fall behind in all of their classes. Make up work takes a lot of time and piles up quicker than many think, and staying on top of old and new subjects can overwhelm some. If given the option to attend classes from home, more students would stay home and get the rest that they need in order to be healthy, because they would have an opportunity to stay on top of school, and not fall behind the rest of their class. Staying on top leads to higher grades and GPA's, as well as test scores and overall performance, as well as reducing stress for those who need to take it easy in order to get better and healthy. Mentally and physically.

One other benefit for students would be for those who have family emergencies pop up. Everyone has them, students and faculty alike. Some families live out of state or in other countries, causing students to be forced to miss weeks at a time. Throughout these weeks, the students would miss many lectures, assignments, tests, quizzes and important projects. Allowing those who are gone to stay on top by using a computer, would allow students to focus more on their family in a time of worry, instead of worrying how they are going to make up their test in their third period math class. The stress of having a family emergency on top of the already extremely stress inducing schoolwork, can become too much for many, leaving them exhausted and unable to catch up. The inability to catch up for some, can cause them to drop out of school all together, as the stress and pressure would build and build up. This can ruin students' futures and take a lot of opportunities out of their hands.

Furthermore, a lot of students live further away from the school, and a lot of the time, rely on the bus to get to and from school. On days where the student were to sleep in late, or the bus doesn't come, the student would have to stay home and miss class. While some have the option to ask a relative for a ride, others do not, causing issues at home and at school for those who are unable to make it due to transportation issues. Being given the option to work on school at home, students would not have to rush to find a ride if the bus doesn't show, and waking up late for the bus would not be as big of an issue. Students could thrive and grow instead of having to wait to make up the assignments missed. Family health would balance out and less focus on how much school that the student is missing will show. Students who are unable to drive especially would benefit from distance learning if they are unable to get to school.

On the other hand, some argue that students will use the distance learning less as a tool, but more as a crutch, so that they don't have to attend classes and can stay home whenever they want. People believe that the longer that students are required to show up and are given less options to make it up at home ,the more drive to show up at school will be seen. This however is not the case. Many students in the classroom, have stated that they wish that they could do more at home, so that if they miss school, they aren't rushing to get back on top. Many students begin to stop caring when they fall behind, which leads them to stop showing up and stay home. If offered a tool to stay on top while at home, they would not feel the stress or the pressure of missing class due to being sick, or the things thrown their way.

Distance learning is one of the best tools that could be used for those who need it. Life is full of bumps and turns that some do not always expect. These bumps and turns can take students out of the classroom and cause them to fall behind their peers. Stress and loss of the drive to learn are linked, and can be seen in any classroom no matter where. Throughout the years, technology has grown and evolved. Instead of complaining about the evolution of technology, teachers and parents should be able to embrace it, and the tools that it brings students. Distance learning has many more benefits than downsides and downfalls. More schools should implement it, to adjust and accommodate to the students' needs, instead of the students having to adjust their needs for the school system.