Cars are a big deal in our everyday society. We use cars all the time because they are what get us from place to place. As we go further into the future, more improvements on cars are being made each day. One major invention is the driverless car. The development of the driverless car is a good thing because it is convenient, safe, fuel-saving, and beneficial to our knowledge on cars.

Many people are always needing to travel from place to place and don't always want to drive. It's more convenient to just hitch a ride from someone such as a friend or a taxi. But sometimes those aren't always the most convenient options. Taxi drivers could take someone anywhere or your friend could be under the influence. Driverless cars are safer because they could take you where you need to go safely. They are also more convenient because sometimes people could be impaired and unable drive, so they would just have a driverless car pick them up instead. This way, it is convenient for people to travel without worrying if they are going to be safe or not.

A main factor in people buying cars is if they are safe. According to the article on Driverless Cars Are Coming, these independent cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. People could be safer in a driverless car than with someone driving a car. Safety is a huge deal in our society and people buying cars want what's best for them and their families. If driverless cars are safer, companies will have good sales and produce better profit. This way, the economy is being benefitted and so is society.

In the world today, we try to conserve our resources as much as possible. Fuel is a major resource that is used to power a lot of things in everyday life. By using driverless cars, we would limit our use of fuel to half of what taxis use, and that is phenomenal. Inventions like the driverless car can lead to preserving resources. Conserving our resources is an important thing we need to do, and fundamental developments like the driverless car can help us achieve our goal in doing that.

The research on these cars is significant for people in the future. Many years ago we would have never known all the important things about technology that we know today. By researching and testing the technology of the driverless car, we have produced more efficient knowledge for the future. Driverless cars need sensors to operate similar to a human driving the car, which is important to creating cars. Without researching and inventing these important products, we wouldn't have half the knowledge on cars that we have today.

Driverless cars are beneficial to us because they are convenient, safe, fuel-saving, and important to our knowledge on cars. Driverless cars can help people in society and people in the future. The development of these cars can influence people to create even bigger things in the future and that is incredible. The future is brighter than it has ever been, and the development of such a product has made this possible. The future is bright and driverless cars have led us further down the road to creating newer, better inventions.            