Dear senator, I heard that there are people thinking on wanting to keep or change the electoral college.

well in the electoral college you have electors,senators and we use them for when we vote for our new president. But what I think you should do is change the electoral college as it is now. You want to kno why well here I will tell you what I think you should keep it.

First, the presidential election is held every four years so you can vote for the president you want to vote for. Also when you vote for your candidate you're actually voting for candidate's electors. Some people that are voting don't know that they're voting for their candidate's electors. In some states they have different decisions in the electoral college. Like for example in state conventions,state party's central commitee,and sometimes even the presidential candidates. Voters can get confused on these kinds of things in the electoaral college because the electoral college sometimes hasn't made a decicion yet on how or what they want to do or say.

Next, the electoral college is unfair to voters because of th winner take all system. In each the candidates don't spend their time in the states that have no chance of winning. On the year of 2000, the campaign of seventeen states didn't get to see the candidates at all including Rhode Island and South Carolina. Not even the largest media markets got to see a single campaign ad. But in ohio they probably have a chance on having a good argument for putting the presidency in the hands of a small amount of voters. These are some reasons why some people might want to change the electoral college because it's unfair to some states and people.

In addition,the they're outcomes in the electoral college like in the year of 2012 an outcome happened. It happened when they were voting for Romney or Obama. Obama recieved a 61.7 percent of the electoral votes compared to 51.3 percent of the the popular votes for him and Romney. That happened when the number of votes possibly was 538 thats an even number of votes. But having an even number is kind of good but it's higly an unlikely number. when that happens the state creates a landslide electoral vote victory the state.

The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in where no candidate recieves a high number of votes. Like with Nixon and Clinton they both had 43 percent of popular votes. In winning the electoral college 301 and 370 votes there is pressure for run-off elections when tere is no candidate wins.                            