Imagine a city empty of cars and the sounds of bicycles and the sound of chattering children drown out the sound of the occasional motor, This is the city of Vauban. This "experimental" district on the ouskirts of Freiburg. Elisabeth Rosenthal, author of

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars stated "Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district...Vauban's streets are completely "car-free" —except the main thotoughfare, where the tram to downtown Freiburg runs. Car ownership is allowed but there are two places to park —large garages at the edge of the development where a car owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home."

This action has inspired some other areas to do the same, As said by Rosenthal, "Vauban, completed in 2006, is an example of a growing trend in Europe, The United States and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called "smart planning."". Now these have been a bit more of pre-emptive measures against Pollution and economic inflation there are those who have taken actions after the fact, Robert Duffer, author of

Paris bans driving due to smog has said "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." Now here is where Paris decided to do something silly. "On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-eruo fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day." as stated by Duffer. Now alot of people may not of heard about this or thought it was a joke, Duffer wrote "Almost 4,000 drivers were fined... 27 people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine." To the people who had heard of this such as companies who their main function is driving from place to place had complained, "Delivery Companies complained of lost revenue, while exceptions for plug-in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers." said by Duffer. All of these exceptions that were given out sound as though they are personal transport vehicles that the passengers could just as easily take the public transport.    