"Why should I ask another person for advice?", "Do I really need someone else opinion?" are all questions you may be asking when you are about to make a decide on whether you want to consult someone else in your final decision. People tend to hesitate before asking someone to help them because they are not sure if they want another persons view that is contrary to theirs. Having multiple people adding and sharing knowledge is a good idea if you want to make the most educated choice. It is crucial to consult more than one person for their opinion or advice about something when you are looking for the best choice you could possibly make .

By asking multiple people for advice or an opinion you will receive helpful bits of information along the way. Each person comes from a different background, they all have their own knowledge and ideas. Consulting different people will lead to tons of information on whether you are making the best choice. One example is that publishers make authors send their books to professional editors, editors advise the authors to add some of their ideas and fix any mistakes that are shown. This goes to show that having another person that will give helpful bits of information will help make a much better decision.

Talking to more people and consulting with them for advice or an opinion leads to more ideas. Based on what the other person says you can always make a decision on whether to input their ideas into yours or if you want to disregard their idea. For example when a student is about to hand in an assignment they always have someone peer review/edit to add ideas or tell them what they think needs to be fixed. Most students do this because they want to have someone else view and improve on their work. By inputting the other persons opinions and using the advice that was given the student will turn in the better version of the assignment than what the student was about to turn in beforehand.

When you ask another person for advice or an opinion you get a new outlook and perspective each time. Each person views something differently. Having multiple view points is important if you want to see how each person inter prates what you are saying, and see whether you like the way they see it, or if you want to change it to be perceived in a different way. Something doctors do is they refer you to another doctor to get a second opinion. They do this because the other doctors may catch something that the original doctor did not catch the first time. This example goes to show that everyone has a different outlook on things and see things that some people may not see.

It is crucial to consult more than one person for their opinion or advice about something when you are looking for the best choice you could possibly make. By asking them for their advice or opinion you will get a different perspective on your choice, you will also receive tons of ideas and information to help make a good decision. Having more people consult on a decision helps the person making the final decision narrow down and decide what choice they should make. Like people say "Two minds are better than one!".