Well i think that we should use phones but if anyone sees tell people to put there phone away.

They can use them when need to or on break to get a drink . They should not be able to have phones with them because they might use it in class or might take it out at class.

If i were to see the phones i would say put it back in your book bag and do not take it out. If i saw someone with a phone out i would get mad and might give the people a talking to also i might even say i need your phone fro the rest of the day. Tell them i will not give your phone back the next time and i will call home if i have to. Now i would make it a law not to have phones with students and also band the phones. One thing i do not get is why high school has to have boo bags with them .They should have the phones in the book bags . They should just leave the phones in there locker or book bag .I am going to high school next year so maybe they school make a new rule about phones. Now if it was something really bad then i can see having your phones with us and or next to us .My friend gets to have her phone with her at all times because she is able to have her phone with her but she goes to a different school and it is far away . when i get older i might want to help people with the same problem so i might protest and see what every school will say. I thin k they will think it is all right to have a phone in book bags just not with you at all times. I might tell people people that it is all right to be different and to not worry if you have to have a phone with you at all time and if not to aversive that we do not all need phones and to just be ok without phones. Just remember that some people may not even may not phones. Also be happy for what you have not what others have. I mean come to your senses that not all people are lucky for what they and some even want more then they want or need. Just remember what i said and take some advise and stick with people who need need more then we do .Iwant to help people when i grow up and show the time to care. i care a lot about people.