I would tell them that the face is not created by aliens because if it was there would be a sign of some sort like there could be possibley more then one of the faces. Also there could have maybe been a symbol of some sort that could tell you or us that it may be out of this world. So studies tell us it isn't a alien monument because well when you look at the picture or image that was taken in 2001. It looks more like a rock or a mesa not something made.

Yes it may look a alien or something out in space made it but there is so much more proof you would need to prove it. Just think to your self how could you have proved that it was made by aliens? What proof do you have? On my side I know it in fact that it could not have been created by a alien because of the pictures tooken. It just doesn't seem like it was created by an alien it just looks like a cool rock that is really out there not created by something from out there.

Yes I do see why you or some people would get that it looks out of this world, but just if you look into it it's really just a landmark on Mars. Yes there may be conspiracys and theories about how this rock or face was made, but there may not be any facts to prove it completly.

So in conclusion it is not a alien made face it simply in a mesa or a landmark on Mars. The proof is in the article when you see the 3 picutes that were taken to prove it wasn't a alien made artifact. No matter how cool it would be if it was not to mention that it could make NASA famous or rich it just doesn't have the proof you need to be a alien artifact. If you look more into the passage it even says it was not a alien made artiffact. Yes this face was very famous it even says "The "Face" on Mars has since been a pop icon. It has starred in a Hollywood film, apperered in books, magazines, and even radio shows." (5). See how famous that face was 25 years ago is amazing but it still doesn't mean it was a alien made artiffact. So in final say it is not a alien made face and nor will there be enough proof its just a landmark on Mars that was very popular to people everywhere!           