Imagine that you are a student, everyday you come home, do your homework, and think about how lousy your day has been, boring right? Well, having extracurricular activities after school can help with that. Extracurricular activities can help a student make friends, have fun, and put students in a positive attitude. Some students do not have many friends because they do not interact with people outside of school. When doing extracurricular activities, you are surrounded by people that like doing the same things as you. For example, I am a student that has made many friends from doing dance. Everyday, after school, I go to my dance classes and feel loved because I am surrounded by people just like me.

Having extracurricular activities after school can also put students in a better mood. People tend to be much happier when they are surrounded by people they love and are doing what they love. Even on very difficult days, doing extracurricular activities can make your day much brighter! I take dance after school everyday and no matter how difficult my day has been, dancing with my friends always puts me in a better mood.

While I think that having extracurricular activities after school is a great idea, some might think that it could take too much time and iterefere with homework time. Well, usually, students take a long time to do their homework because they do not want to. They want to have fun! Everyone wants to have fun, nobody wants to be stuck at a desk doing homework. Extracurricular activities are fun and do not take up a massive amount of time. Students will still have time to do their homework after having some fun doing what they love. Some people might say that some extracurricular activities, like sports, can cause injuries. Although you might get hurt, it does not happen very often. Not all extracurricular activities give the oppritunities to get hurt, but they all give the oppritunity to have fun!

Extracurricular activities after school can be very beneficial to ones life by making them live a happier life. You can also make many friends that have the same interests like you. Activities after school can allow you to have fun. Extracurricular activities can really change someones life for the better.        