Technological innovations have changed the way students learn. There are now more accessible and faster ways to acquire information for projects, homework, and for classroom learning. Computers, cell phones, and tablets are beginning to be used more and more by school systems .

These devices can be useful in the classroom, but they do not help with certain crucial aspects. Online classes are not as beneficial to students as classroom learning since it does not develop student's social skills, nor provide materials that are necessary for them to learn.

Students who attend classes from home do not benefit socially. Group work is important because students learn how to compromise, communicate, and get along with different types of people. If learning is done online, they miss out on the opportunity to develop their social skills. Social skills are necessary in day to day life since we are constantly interacting with other people such as bosses, coworkers, and strangers, for example, at a grocery store. Students should be able to develop those skills throughout their school years so they can be successful in the real world. Moreover, classroom learning promotes comradery and friendships. Having friends in class makes learning more appealing and interesting. For example, debates and seminars develop critical thinking skills since other students can have a different, challenging perspective to share amongst each other about a topic; this causes them to respect each others opinions and promotes communication skills.

In addition, schools offer free materials and services that are not available at home. A copious amount of books are accessible in the school's library and can easily be checked out without the student needing to find transportation to the closest public library. Devices such as computers, printers, and laptops can be used by students to complete and turn in homework. Various teachers in schools have gone to college and are experienced in their subject and can go more in depth into learning material if a student did not understand it. Teachers can also explain topics in a way that allows all students to understand it since people learn things in different ways. For example, auditory and visual learners benefit from online classes more than students who prefer hands-on experiences. Schools also have enough funding to be able to provide outside-of-class learning such as field trips to museums and inviting guest speakers.

However, online classes can benefit students who have a busy life, are in need of credits, or decide that they want to take classes that interest them. Those types of classes allow students who need one or two more credits to graduate when they are supposed to rather than stay another year in school due to a few credits. For example, in IB schools, required classes, like a language class, may be taken online if the student's schedule does not allow them to fulfill that requirement since it is full. It is also possible for students to take online classes in the summer in order to make space on their schedule for next school year so that they can take classes that are intriguing to them. There are students who need to provide for their families at a young age but still want a high school diploma. Students who have jobs can take online classes with flexible times, so they can easily fit them into their daily life.

In conclusion, online classes do not benefit students since they do not develop social skills and allow for them to learn how to compromise effectively with others which is essential in the workplace. Materials such as laptops, books, and expert information is not easily accessible to a student that is learning online and is possibly going to cost money for them to obtain it. On the other hand, students who have to work in order to support their families benefit more from online learning. Students who only need a few credits to graduate or would like to be able to take non-required courses during school would benefit as well. Better technology has allowed students to be able to have the option of taking online classes, regardless of their personal obstacles, and promotes the importance of having a good education to all young adults.         