The principal should create a rule for each student, requiring that they participate in at least one extracurricular activity. With the number of clubs available for students to participate in there is no reason that each student shouldn't be able to find the activity that best suits them. If each student was to be part of a club at their school, they would be given access to pursue their hobbies with their classmates. This safe environment to pursue interests and hobbies would allow students to explore all kinds of activities and try to see which activities they would like to dedicate themselves too. By allowing students to figure out their interest they would be able to show off their uniqueness and add diversity to the school. There are various reasons to mandate one extracurricular activity and the principal should have no problem enacting this idea. One of the most vital reasons is the fact that this policy gives students a way to build on pre-existing passions.

By enacting this policy of having each student participate in an extracurricular activity, each student is given an opportunity to explore any pre-exsisting passions that they have. If a student has had a passion ever since they were a little kid and know that they would like to join a club that builds on that, this policy would help do that. For example, if a student knew they wanted to be part of a club that helps them build on an interest of computer science they would be given the chance to join a club such as the Robotics team. They would be able to use their previous knowledge and joy for their topic, to elevate the team to greater success. If the school was able to bring a high number of dedicated students together to join clubs they would see vast improvements in the success of their activities. These students would be given even more motivation to join the club they love, bringing the best out of them and allow them to join clubs that they know they have interest in. Even though there are some students that know exactly what they want to do and want to dedicate all their time to one club, some students are not like that. Many students would like to explore various clubs and see which one is best for them, creating another reason to enact this policy.

With this policy students who are unsure of what their true passion is, will be more inclined to find which club they like and dedicate themselves to that. Without this policy students who say they want to join clubs at their school are not motivated to act on what they said, instead choosing to go home and do nothing. Currently there are hundreds students in school that say they would like to join one of the various clubs offered, but find themselves simply riding the bus home and spending the rest of the day on their phone. This occurs due to a lack of motivation from anyone in school urging the students to join an extracurricular activity. Parents can only do so much for their kids when it comes to what their kids do in school, and some kids find ways to get out of joining any clubs. This is why schools need to put this policy in place to not allow their students talents go too waste. Not only would this policy help students explore interests they have, it would help everyone see how unique and diverse each person is.

If each student was doing at least one after-school activity students will be able to show their uniqueness and collectively create a diverse learning experience for everyone at school. With every student participating in a club students would spread out amongst the various clubs offered at their school, creating groups of dedicated people who are trying to learn as much as possible to that topic. Currently schools face the problem of kids all gravitating towards the same clubs, such as Science Olympiad and Math Counts. If students don't get into these clubs or feel as though they aren't going to be able to do anything with these highly competitive clubs, they drop out and find themselves having nothing to do outside of school. Many students feel defeated and neglected after they don't do well in these clubs and find it hard to join any other club, for fear that the same tale may happen again. Because of this, hundreds of students intellectual abilities are being wasted. The current issue we face is a lack of students joining clubs after they are shunned away from another club, that is why we need the policy of at least one extracurricular activity per student.

The problem we face with not having a policy of each student participating in at least one after-school activity, is that we have students who are immensely talented who are not motivated enough to be a part of a club. If the school was to have this policy every student would benefit from it as they are given a far greater reason to join a club. With the various advantages of creating this policy and minor drawbacks, each school should at least make an attempt to enact a policy that would not only help students but the school as a whole. With students having the added motivation to join the clubs offered at their schools, with the added diversity to the school, there is no reason a school should make an attempt to complete a policy like this. The principal at all schools should try to implement a policy that makes students participate in the after-school offerings that their school has. 