How many opinions do you need before you can make a decision? Well, I know that for me personally I ask many people their opinions about my situation and about what actions I should take before my final decision is made. That's just how most people are, they ask many people, they get many opinions, and then they decide which they think is best. However, most people probably don't know why they seek multiple opinions instead of just asking one person. So today I'm going to tell you why you shouldn't just ask one person's opinion because it's so much better to get multiple opinions from multiple different people. Asking many people for opinions can help you make better decisions because it allows you to see the situation from many different viewpoints, it helps you find out what the majority of people think, and it gives you the opportunity to deliberate what option is your best course of action based off many more than your own reasons.

First, it allows you to see your situation from perspectives that aren't your own. When you just ask one person for their opinion on your situation, they might agree with you. But, you know what happens when you just ask one person and they agree with you; you go with your "gut feeling" and if you do that then there was no point in asking for an opinion in the first place. However, if you ask multiple people for their opinions then you get many different perspectives, so you can see the situation through the eyes of the person you're fighting with, or running a business with, or having a baby with, etc. That way you can make the better choice because you can now see from the other person's view and understand why they are arguing against you.

I often have trouble making decisions about anything, I could be asked what I want for lunch and an hour later I still wouldn't have decided what I want for lunch. For example, I didn't used to eat breakfast at McDonalds, but one day I was hungry and I couldn't decide on what I wanted for breakfast, so I called a few people and asked for a few opinions about Sausage Mcgriddles. Some people said they were terrible, so terrible in fact they would be comparable to eating dirt; however, many more people said that Sausage Mcgriddles were delicious, they said that biting into a Sausage Mcgriddle was like biting into a world of pancake, syrup, and sausage heaven; they said it was a whole breakfast in one sandwich. So, now that I had seen from both viewpoints of the situation I made the choice of eating a Sausage Mcgriddle; and in my opinion it was the best choice I could've made.

Secondly, it helps you find out what the majority of people think. To most people that sounds like a bad thing; most people hear throughout their lives the words "quality over quantity". Often times, this is true, especially when it comes to consumer goods. But, if the statement "quality over quantity" was always true, why is it not used on everything? Well, when it comes to opinions quality is only determined by your opinion of the opinion. That's why presidential elections use quantity not quality because opinions don't have an official quality. The same is applied to any survey or poll that exists, they all are based on the numbers. So, if the president, the leader of the country, is elected by numbers, why shouldn't you have your own little election when you are faced with a difficult decision and you can't decide what choice is better?

Thirdly, if you ask multiple people for their opinions, you're going to get many reasons as to why they think that way. When people face difficult decisions and they a few choices they often try to come up with their own reasons as to why they should choose any one choice. Unfortunately, people, like myself, aren't the greatest at coming up with their own reasons. So, when you ask multiple people their opinions, you can base your choice on more than just your own, most likely self-centered, reasons. But, if you only ask one person then you're only going to get a few reasons that are based on one opinion and when you can't come up with reasons yourself a few reasons and one opinion isn't helpful.

At last, you've, hopefully, learned and realized why you shouldn't bother thinking about just asking one person for their opinion. You should ask multiple because with just one opinion you can't do anything. If you just ask one person you only get one opinion, and with one opinion you certainly can't find the majority because it's only one opinion. When you ask multiple people their opinions you can find the majority, if you don't want to go with the majority you can use the opinions to look at the situation from a different perspective, and if you don't want to do that just list all the reasons the people had behind their opinions and then decide, in your opinion, which reasons are good, logical reasons and what course of action do they support. Now, I ask you one question, how many opinions do you think you need before you can make a decision?