Summer projects should be based on student designed. The students will be able to decide what they want to do, how they can do it, and it will give them time to decide what there project would be based on. Most students tend to actually do work when they are allowed to chose what it is. Students usually like making their own decisions. It helps them focus much more better and they will be having a great way to show the teacher they know how to do projects on their own.

One reason why I think student should design their project is because some students travel to another country. Sometimes to go visit family or to have new experience. If students are able to design their project they can make it based on If they went to a different country. They will be able to learn about there culture and how it is different from where the student is from. If they visit family from a different country they can have a little interview with there family and they can turn that into a project. It will give them so much options on what to do there projects on. Being able to pick your own project is such a better experience because you will be learning new things.

Another reason why I think Students should design their own projects is because teachers sometimes give their students a complicated project. Some students won't be able to understand what they are supposed to do. based on not understanding what the project is about they will end up giving up and not doing the project. Students making their own designed project would mean it would cause them to have to think more. They would have to gather a lot of information to make sure their project is good and filled with details.

Therefore Teachers won't have to do so much work. If students decide their project they would have to come up with many of decisions. Students would have so many great memories. Just by this one project many of things happen over summer it would be a good idea to use their experiences from summer on there project. As a student myself I would rather be able to pick my own project. It would let me learn new things and have much more better experience.

In conclusion, Student should be able to design their own project. It would be fun for them to learn new things especially when it's by there decisions. They are able to think hard and decide what to do their topic on.

They would have to put in much effort to be able to get a good grade. Teachers wouldn't have so much grading to do. The teachers will also be learning new things from the students. It's a once in a while when student decide a project. summer is supposed to be fun not stressful having a teacher design the project would make them give up and enjoy summer. Students should be able to decide there project especially since its summer. 