It is very usual for school systems to assign students with a project over summer break. It is common for this project to be a long grueling book report or an assignment to research some far off place or historical happenstance that took place hundreds of years ago. These projects are often neglected by students till the end of summer due to them not enjoying or wanting to do the project. If these projects were to have free choice for the student to talk about, research, or report on anything they want, it would most likely end up with the school having a bigger abundance of students doing their summer projects. This would happen because the students could report on something they enjoyed and wanted to talk about.

Starting off, If they have the choice on the topic the students are more likely to enjoy the project. Choosing the topic allows the student to truly express themselves and talk about something they enjoy. They won't feel as if they are being forced to do a topic they do not want to do. It will allow them to speak and explain something that they are passionate about. This will later help teachers learn more about what their students are interested in. If they are doing a project on something they enjoy it is likely they will put more effort into the project to make sure it is good work and not just some garbage quickly thrown together at the end of summer.

Also, Given the ability to choose their own topic students are more likely to actually do the project. They will have more motivation to do it because it can be on something they like. A lot of times teacher will get a lot of trashy work from students because they procrastinated the project all summer. The students will procrastinate the project till just a few days before school starts up because they do not enjoy the project topic. With the students given the ability to choose the topic there will be lowered procrastination in summer projects due to students enjoying the topic and wanting to do the work.

However, Students may still refrain from doing their projects. This is always true schools will always have some students who will not do their work especially summer projects. But, schools will have a raise in student participation with the summer project if schools allow them choice of their own topic. Schools will notice students doing their summer projects that didnt do them the prior year when the topic was assigned. As well as letting the students choose their own topic schools are letting the students let their teacher know a little bit about themselves with whatever topic they choose. This allows the teachers to better understand their students before the year really kicks off.

Overall, if a student is allowed the choice of topic for their summer project it would be better off for all parties. the students are more likely to do their project because it is something they want to do. Teachers would not be putting as many zeros in their grade book to start the year off. There would be an upsurge in the amount of effort students would be putting into their work. Teachers would also get to know their students in reading their summer projects and could use the information they learned about the student to better their schooling that year. All in all having a student choose the topic of their summer project would be a very positive aspect to a long timed disliked project. 