Dear state senator,

There has been some conterversy between whether we should keep the Electoral College or changing the election to popular vote for the president. There are pros and cons to each method of voting. The Electoral College has been around since the beginning of our country. Most of the time it is successful (there have been a few times problems have occured but rarely it happens). As time has passed and we enter a more modern age, people have started to feel that the Electoral College does not work and we should all switch to just a regular popular vote. However, even though there have been a few problems in the past about this system, the Electoral College is still the best method of voting.

It is hard to argue that there are some problems with the Electoral College. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." (Bradford Plumer). The public is starting to not like that their vote is not directly going toward the presidential vote but towards a group of electors that decide the fate of the presidency. "the Electoral College method is not emocratic in a modern sense." (Richard A Posner). The public is also starting to feel that this is not a true Democracy with this system. "Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." (Bradford Plumer). The public is starting to not like that feeling that the electors can just turn on the public and not vote for what some people want (and it has happened a few times in the past). "'faithless' electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." (Bradford Plumer). That is another worry of the public, no matter what party the elector belongs to, they can vote for anyone they want. "Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the elcetion would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president."(Bradford Plumer). The people are also not liking the fact that an elector representing a small amount of people has as much to say as an elector representing millions of people. All and all, it is hard to deny that there are a few problems with the electoral college and that this causes the public to worry come election time.

However, despite the worries and concerns that some people may have, the Electoral College is still the best method for voting. "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote." (the Office of the Federal Register). People must remember that this system is a compromise for the election and that any change could lead to problems among the government again. The public must also remember that "each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee".(Richard A. Posner). This system also can often prevent disputes. "A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible...but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share or the popular vote." (Richard A. Posner). Along with the fewer disputes, it also creates standards for the candidate. " The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal...This is a desirable result because a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president." (Richard A. Posner). Another benefit to this system is that it causes voters to pay closer attention to the election. "Voter in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign." (Richard A. Posner). Along with the more aware voters, the Electoral College is also very beneficial to the big states. "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution." (Richard A. Posner). And lastly, the Electoral Collee helps avoid run-off elections. "There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner." (Richard A. Posner). To sum it all up, there are many benefits to the Electoral College.

All and all, the Electoral College is the best way for voting. With this system, there are many benefits to the election process that people may not realize. With benefits like it avoids run-off elections and it makes the voters more aware, some people still beleive that a popular vote is still the best way. It is important to remember that there is a reason that we have certain methods, to benefit our country. And that is what the Electoral College is, a benefit to our country. So senator, and based on the evidence given, it is important to keep the Electoral College for all the benefits it brings and for the sake of our great nation that we live in.                             