Many have claimed that the human face found on Mars is an alien artifact, but how certain are they. According to NASA, the Face on Mars is just a rock formation that resembles the face of a human, but others may disagree. I believe that the Face found on Mars is just a natural landform. To further investiate this topic, we will begin by analyzing how the Face was formed and how it compares to lanforms on Earth, where it was located, and what causes others to believe that it is an alien artifact.

Some might believe that the so called "alien artifact" was lefted behind by aliens, but NASA unveiled an image of the Face and this is what they came up with. According to the caption of the image, it noted a "huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, annd mouth." This image was even compared to natural landforms found on Earth. According to the passage, the picture portrays the "Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa- landforms common around the American West. The passage also claims that the image reminds him of the "Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," and that the Face on Mars is about he same height of an isolated mesa- which is a landform.

The Face on Mars was located at 41 degress north martian latitude during the winter of April 1998. This time of the year was also considered to be the cloudiest time of year on the Red Planet. The fact that this image was found during the cloudiest time of year on Mars can affect the turn out of this theory. A few scientists believed that the Face was an alien artifact, and photographing the Cydonia became one of the biggest priorities for NASA. As soon as the Viking mission was ended, the chief scientist of NASA's Mars Exploration Program stated that they "photographed the Face as soon as they could get a good shot at it." I believe they did this to clarify their foundings.

As stated before, many people, including scientists, believe that the Face on Mars is an alien artifact and here are their reasons why. As the photo of the Face on Mars was being taken, it was claimed that the "camera on board MGS had to peer through the wispy clouds to see the Face," and according to skeptics, "alien markings were hidden by haze." This did not stop mission controllers, and they prepared to look again. Garvin states that " It's not easy to target Cydonia," and that its hardwork. Conspiracy theorists believe that the Face is "bona-fide evidence of life on Mars- evidence that NASA would rather hide." Now this may all sound convincing, but it was also added that you can discern things in digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size, causing false illusions.

In conlusion, after analyizing the data and research given, I believe that the Face on Mars is just a natural landform. Others may disagree, but it is all about your interprutation on the topic, and hopefully the evidence used to support my claims did just that.        