The Electorial College should be abbolished. Paragraph nine of The Indefensible Electoral Collede by Bradford Plumer states all the reasoning you would need."According to the Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanks yo the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." The Electoral College is not fair and we do not like it. we should have the right to have our oppinion out there and not tweaked around by people we dont even know.

Why you ask do i feel this way? Well my answer would be in paragraph ten of Bradfords section. "under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." Thats not fair! As an american Citicin i have the right to vote and if my vote is not counted for, well thats just not right. If i do everything im suppose to but yet dont get to voice my opinion whats the point? That is why!

To sum it all up i will give you one final reason why the Electoral College should be abolished. Paragraph 13 of The Indefensible Electoral Cllege. "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state, candidates don`t spend time in states they know they have no chnace of winning, focusing only on the tight race in the "swing" states." If i dont even get the chance to see who im voting for why should i even vote? If my opinion dosen`t even matter why should I care? The Electoral College is irrational. It`s unfair, outdated, and it needs to be brought to an end.

So can you explain to me how this is fair? Do you really thing that its okay to treat the american people like this? We are all equal through our freedon, tharefore we should be treated that way in every way. Thank you for your time.                                                                                                                        