Summer break is that time of the year where most students look forward to. Many are eager to sit back and relax, or enjoy their time with friends and family. Whatever it is, school is the last thing on their mind. It's the last thing on my mind too. Although that isn't always the case, there is always that one teacher that assigns projects over break. Summer projects are required through some schools to preserve their learning onto the next year. To make it more enjoyable, I believe that these summer projects should at least be student-designed for various reasons.

Summer break is the time where most students proceed to pursue hobbies, enjoy lifes moments, spend time with people that are cared about, and make memorial memories. Over break, students tend to discover their true passions and focus on what drives their interest. With projects being assigned, that can be tough and build a wedge between the situation. If summer projects were to be student-designed however, students can make it more personalized and just have fun with it. I believe making the summer projects more personalized to students, can really ease the stress and make it more enjoyable. Overall, it is summer break. As a student myself, a time where this applied to me was in the summer of my freshman year. My teacher had assigned a summer project where we had to determine the area of different shapes in any form. Art is a huge passion of mine and I wanted to engage more of it into my summer. I decided to paint an abstract painting with a variety of shapes; circles, triangles, squares, you name it. It turned out beautiful, I really enjoyed spending my time on something that was educating and delightful. Engaging learning with enjoyable hobbies can be beneficial for the teachers' satisfactory and the students.

For most people, finding hobbies that are interesting can be challenging. Knowing myself, I need a sense of direction to know what my interests. It takes a bit of courage to try something new and actually enjoy it. Student designed school projects can really help a student find his/her passions and learn something new along the way. An example of this is Generic_Name. When Generic_Name was younger, she stayed in a hostel and went to an all girls catholic school. Although the classes were given to her and the staff controlled her schedule, she found a way to have a passion for computers. Her summer assignment was to find am interest to occupy her for the upcoming summer. She began to observe her fathers work and grew an interest for how computers work. Today, she works in the computer coding world and enjoys every second of it. With enough interest, there is always something new just waiting to be discovered, who knows maybe you'll learn something new on the way. Student designed school projects can help one into discovering a new passion.

Although students might think making school projects student-designed is a good idea, teachers might not agree. Some students could take this their advantage, by making the project as simple and pointless as they want. This could necessarily not reach the teachers standards and question if the student even learned anything at all. Although this could be case, summer projects are indeed just summer projects and should not be taken seriously. Summer should be the time where students can have the choice of doing what they want. If projects are mandatory for teachers, then it can be arranged, but it shouldn't put unnecessary stress on students. Especially during summer break. Teachers should observe how well the student comes up with ideas and how well they execute their projects, it's more exciting that way.

Having being said, student designed projects are better for both the student and the teacher. It allows students to have more freedom and personalize their studies with their occupation. Teachers will also have the chance to determine the students personality and see what the student is like. It shows how bright a student's mind can be and how well their work ethics are. Teachers should give students a chance to show off themselves and appreciate for what they are able to achieve in. It can also be a fun learning experience for many. Not only will these student-designed projects continue their learning throughout break, it will also preserve any sort of creativity a student could withhold.           