Most students who attend a school would say that waking up early and getting ready is school's biggest problem. Some may say that the students themselves are the problem. They would do anything to change school so that it follows their rules, and online schooling would seem like a great idea to them. In the end, they must respect the importance and value of school over these beliefs. Attending classes from home relieves school of its contributions to an individual, reminding us that the authenticity of a school institution cannot be replaced.

Schooling through the internet, especially from home, can cause students to lack essential life skills. An example of an essential life skill would be communication. If a student is always talking to a professor from their home, they begin to lose their social skills needed to effectively communicate with new and ordinary people outside of home. This can cause awkward, short, and even meaningless conversations in the real world. Stemming from this, finding and making new friends becomes an issue that may take a long time to resolve. Workplace skills are also extremely important skills one can lack when attending classes from home. An educational institution progressively trains students with these skills, for they are necessary in order to succeed in performing well or getting a job. Having situations where these abilities are useful are mainly in the form of doing certain assignments with or without others, listening, maintaining eye contact, and being on time. Looking back, online schooling strips one of the ability to develop skills used in the real world.

Secondly, attending school from home by way of technology can be both physically and mentally damaging. The idea of looking at a screen for hours on end is a concept that many schools tend to walk away from because it is not good for your eyes. While looking at a screen can be engaging, it is true that it causes major damage to one's eyes, especially if one were to look at a screen in the dark or when they first wake up. After long days of school at home, your eyes can start to irritate and become red, meaning the body may want a break. Online school, however, doesn't give the eyes the rest they need to function at maximum capacity, causing health problems in the long run. The technology needed for online conferencing can also ruin a student's ability to sleep well. Technology can be addicting and can keep students awake for long periods of time without rest. If students are attending online school for a few hours a day, use their phone for another few hours, and potentially engage in any other screen, they can lose sleep. Getting enough sleep for normal schooling is already a problem, so online school may not have the ability to fix that problem. The home is a comfort zone for everybody, but it can lead to a strict mental mindset. It doesn't allow people to grow to their fullest potential because they're at home most of the day, isolated from the rest of the world. One only grows by way of leaving your comfort zone, trying out new things, and going to other places. The mindset it can create can be a problem when moving on to other potentially important parts of life. The physical and mental association this type of schooling can have on a student can be devastating, to say the least.

Lastly, online or video conferences promote the development of bad habits. While schools have students pledge to an honor code, cheating is inevitable in almost very student to step foot in high school. Without the physical supervision of a teacher, cheating can become a staple in one's everyday school life, if it hasn't already. A student can potentially use an online source, secret notes, or another person in the room to help them with their assignments. Cheating is essentially a form of lying as well, which is a reason why it shouldn't be done. A second bad habit that could develop would be procrastination. Procrastination is already seen often with students who go to a regular educational institution, so online education would make matters even worse. Having potentially flexible time frames can cause students to want to postpone doing their work for another time. This can eventually add up to a student having an enormous debt of assignments, waiting to be completed. Following this procrastination, a third bad habit, laziness, develops. Some may say that being at home makes a student feel comfortable and stress-free with their environment, but that feeling can get out of hand. I used to take online religious classes at home for an hour a day during five days of the week. Personally, I got too comfortable and lazy with my schedule and environment to the point where I eventually stopped taking these classes completely. I would sometimes be too lazy or distracted to get ready for the class. Other times, I would postpone the class to another day as a make-up day. In the end, my laziness and empty will to take these classes ended that schooling. So, developing bad habits is bound to occur when attending classes from home.

Attending classes from home is a misunderstood way of receiving education. It is not only physically harmful to you but it can also impact the future of your life. There is a reason as to why classrooms have existed for centuries. School institutions are meant to be a safe way of giving a students the traits they need to succeed in life and live life to the fullest. The idea of attending school online takes away almost all of the contributions a classroom can give. In the end, attending school online isn't really a form of school.