Dear Senator,

I feel the need to eliminate the Electoral College process of voting and just have a regular election where the President with the most votes wins, as simple as that. Each vote counts as one, and there will be more or less votes depending on the state and its size and population.

Just like Source 2, I feel "The Electroal College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. " "Abolish the electroal college!". When you vote, you vote for "a slate of electors, who in turn elect the President" (Source 2, Paragraph 2). Why can't it just be a regular election where you either bubble your democrat or republican representative instead of being so complicated and misleading. This can get people confused, and get them to vote for the wrong candidate without them even realizing! "Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes." (Source 2, Paragraph 2). In the 2000 campaign, 17 states didn't even get to see the candidates in a campaign ads; they focus on the "bigger" and more important swing-states to win. Each person should count as one, and each state should be as important as the other, just varying in the number of voters they had.

In Source 1, it says how "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress." You're electing electors instead of just who you want for President. To top it off, you can't even control who your electors vote for! So people can vote for an elector thinking that he's going to vote for the Republican party but then he votes for the Democratic party. This process can be very misleading. "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always.". The disaster factor as mentioned in Source 2 could aways occur.

Some counter-arguments might include the certainty of outcome, and how the Electoral Vote might be greater than the Popular Vote. But at the end of the day, the people are nominating their president, they don't want others to do it for them. The Popular Vote representing our country as a whole with all individual votes added up should be the deciding factor. A tie is almost impossible in that circumstance also, because what are the chances out of millions of citizens the number would be perfectly split in half. If a president appeals for a region, then  let them vote for who they believe is the better candidate. At the end of the day, the majority wins. Swing states won't have to be a factor without the Electoral College, and big states are just counted them same, one point per vote. Run-off elections won't be necessary if the highest percentage president wins, even if its not majority.

So, hopefully you see my view on this issue and the Electoral College can be eliminated.

Sincerely,

Gabe    