Obvously the aurthor must be a fan of scientific and that's great because I am to! The aurthor feels as if, there is multiple things you can do in life and thats means if going out your comfort zone to do it then so be it. In the story and as I was reading it, he really wants to find out more about earth and its "neighbors", as I should say. Venus and Mars are close to earth, but venus is closer, and the reason I say that is because of size and density. In the text, it says that we as humas, we have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on this cloud-draped world and the reason being is because we and he also, wanted to find out more about venus and how it works and many diffrent features.

Venus has a thick type of surface to it. It has a thick atmosphere of 97 percent of carbon dioxide blankets. In the atmosphere of venus, there is a type of acid called "Sulfuric Acid" and this acid is basically the determination of the temperture for this planet. The average temperture for venus is 800 degrees Fahrenhiet, and the atmosphere pressure is 90 times greater than what it would be on earth by its-self. Venus also has the hottest surface temperture of any planet in our solar system even though we have mercury closer to the sun venus is still hotter. The reason people and scientist are so fasinated with venus and how it works is because it was one of the closest to being more like earth and it has some features like it to. This planet has more like valleys, mountains, and craters and as a author he wants to find out about more of the festure and how this will benifit him more in life if he were to continue searching about venus and earth and how they are diffrent and similar to each other. By the 1800's the" mechanical computer" that was made for visual insight of venus and other planets around and near earth. These devices made caculations by using gears, and tool like things that hepled scientist in the 1800's up and somewhat past the 1940's.

So in this passage, the author gave me some information about the earth, venus, mars, life, merchury, and etc. The author basically is saying at the end of the passage, that if you were to go out your comfort zone to go explore things like earth and scientific material things, that it would'nt hurt and now that I know I feel as if the author will end up exploring more about venus and that is has some good feature and bad features and the same with earth but in reality it isnt bad.              