Dear Principle, 2/4/11

This world is turning into a darker place. The problem is that people don't care enough. We see homeless people on the side of the street and no one stops there cars. We tend to ignore what is bad. Out of sight out of mind. I think that is ridiculous. We need to help others. If we don't then who will? All student should participate in some form of community service.

Lucky for us we live in a pretty good town compared to others. In Africa people are starving and here people are dieting. Everything can improve though. We still have poverty. If we help those around us we will make a ripple affect and can help the world. Ann Arbor has a lot of good opportunities to help our community. Food Gathers is a great program that I have worked with many times. They take food that is being thrown away and sort out the good or bad. Then with that food they make meals and feed the hungry. I think we could get groups of student to help out there sometimes. It could be a fun field trip that also teaches valuable lessons. Many organizations like this are beginning to pop up. We all need to help though. One person can create a ripple but a group can create a wave.

Another growing problem we have is laziness. I'll admit I'm lazy sometimes too. When students say its a waste of time to help those less fortunate we have a problem. You don't need to spend hours but only a minute to help someone out. If someone is so busy with school work and extra curricular activities then they can go online and donate money, even just a dollar. Everyone can help they just need to know how and be motivated.

When you help someone else you don't just help them, you help yourself. Helping those less fortunate is a humbling experience. You learn how to be a better person and you want to try harder in life. I once worked at a soup kitchen. I saw kids just like me with parents just like mine and they were starving. I am lucky and I learned just how fortunate I was there. I know that if some of the 'bad' kids went, they would appreciate what they have and be a better student. School isn't just about math and writing its about preparing you for life. An experience like this would defiantly teach you a life lesson.

Community service helps everyone. We can make a impact in our world by starting with just you and me. We need to motivate people to help, convince them that if they don't no one will. I strongly think that all student should require to perform community service. At least an hour of our time every month. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME

Eighth grader

SCHOOL_NAME      