State Senate

In my favor i do not think that the Electoral College should still be a process. Most people in america are not so pleased with how the Electoral College works. Manily because the Electoral College, in a way, get to pick if they want this person as the president or if they want this other person as the president. The people of America do not really have their own choice. Now, if we would go from having the Electoral College and change to have election by popular vote for the president of the United States. The people in America would be much happier. I think that the Electoral College is not fair to American's. We all need to be able to select as who we want as the president of the United States.

"The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president." Found in " What Is The Electoral College?" by the office of the Federal Register. As you see there are 538 elector. All 538 electors have to conversate about who should be the president. The Ellectoral College has complet control over that. People could want this person, but then here comesnthe Electoral College. The Ellectoral College can change who the people vote for. All of them have to deside what should be the outcome. Its never really the people choice. Its the Electoral College's choice. Americans should be able to chose in which President they want for America.

Some people want the Electoral College because they think that they solve all the problems, then there are the people who know their rights and want to be able to have full popularity vote of who their presedent is. Most of the time te popularity vote is changed by the Electoral College, They chose what they think is so called "right". The Electoral College has a mind of its own. People dont have their rights with the Electoral College. Thisprocess is not the way things should be. American's need to have or at least know their rights. That is why people in America are not so happy with what the Ellectoral College picks. The total vote for one person chould be 46% and a total vote for another person could be 42%. Ellectoral College has controle over that again. If the electors chose the person with the 42% they can bump up the percentage to be higher than the other one. That is not fair to the people of America. We do not need the Electoral College. The people of America should have full popularity vote of who the peresident of the United States should be.                            