Dear, State Senator

With the elctoral college vote most of people are not getting what they prefer. For the the electoral college vote, voters vote fro not the president, but for a not slate of electors. With the popular vote people are actually getting what they voted for.

The best argument against the electoral college is what we might  call the disaster college. Consider that state legislatures are techanically responsible for picking electors and that those electors that were voted for couls always defy the will of the people. Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now.

Some mat argue that they like the electoral vote but majority of the people would rather have the popular vote. It does not make any sense to me how the president with the votes does not win the presidential election. The electoral college is unfair for all voters that vote. When you think of a vote and how it works you would think by the most one with the most votes wins cause that pretty much means that most of the people would rather have the most wins over the win that had less votes but more electoral votes.

The electoral college election consist of the 538 electors. All you have to do is win most of those votes and you win the election. It is pretty unfair for the rest of the people that are votting for presidential election. The majority of the 270 electoral vots is required to elect the president. When you vote for the president you are also voting for your candidate and the candidate's electors.  Electors are people that are not holding public office. To be elector the state chooses and sometimes state conventions, state party's central committee, and the presidential candidate themsleves.

They should not really even call it the presidential election casue when you vote for presidential candidate you are actually voting for slate electors. Each party selects a slte of electors trusted to vote for the party's nminee and represent them. In 2000 Gore the popular votes which means most people would have rather had him then bush but bush won the electional because the electoral votes. There is really not a reason why the people should vote because either way the electors are choosing the preisdent. The people are showing who they want but really does not matter that much. The only reason why people vote for the poplar vote because the if there is tie between the electoral vote it goes to the popularity vote.

In conclusion, I think we should change the electoral vote to the popular vote because the majority of the voters should get what they voted. I think it is unfair for all the people that vote and does not really do anything unless there is tie in the electoral vote. The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational to all the people.                             