"Do you want to be apart of a Electoral College"

Electoral colleges. Do you know what this means? An electoral college is a process of multiple facts. Not a place. As everyone thinks Electoral College sounds decieving because the word "college" in the name but apparentley thats not true. The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the President and votes by the people of America. Dear Senator, this is where I begin rambling on and on about how the electoral college is wonderful and great. But I am just going to let you in to alittle bit of knowledge behind the thinking, before you get your fingers in a knot. I propose that we shall keep the Electoral college in order to keep things fair amoung the country. Lets get talking shall we.....

The Electoral college is all high and mighty and is a process that consists of the selection of the electors. During the meeting of the electors, they discuss the presidents and vice presidents that are trying out for there 'role' in society. They also align the counting of the electoral votes by the Congress men. If you did not know Senator the Electoral College or as we call it "EC" consists of 538 electors in the so called 'pole'. A majority of those electors are 270 votes that are required to elect the President. There is one allotment for each member of the House of Representatives adding an extra 2 for your senators, like you! As you can see the "EC" has alot to offer and your even included. Why would you want to get rid of something that your apart of! Wait a second you don't know the rest of the story do you. Well now I understand why you wouldn't want them to just be another organization. Am I Right?

Each canidate running for the high quality name known as "The Presdident" in your state has his or hers own group of electors. They are usually chosen by the political party, but the state laws vary from time to time. Fun Fact for Mr. Senator- did you know this is in the 23rd Amendment? Oh silly me your the senator you should know this! Continuing on with our little debate here there is an important part of the Electoral colleges that you must know. Every tuesday after the first monday in November is when these elections occur. And if you didn't think that the citizens have a say in this at all, well you are mistaken! The citizens help choose the your states electors because when you vote for President your actually voting for your canidates electors. So they do have a say in this partake.

"Winner Take All" sound familiar to you. Maybe not but I am going to explain it anyway. The Winner Takes All System awards all electors to the winning presidential canidate. Except for the unlucky ones like Maine, and Nebraska they have something called the "Proportional Representation". All said and done the "certificate of Ascertainment" is introduced after the elction has partaken in. This lists all of the canidates who ran for President in your state choosen along with the names of there "side kick" the electors. This shows who will be in your country running for president and elector for the next 4 years until the next election.

Of course the "EC" has some problems which of course you would like to hear so I will state them as well. Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, and the US Chamber of Commerce want to abolish the "EC"! They are not alone on this one. Whats wrong with the electoral college you say? Under the "EC" voters vote for something other than the president but for the slate of electors, who then turn over andelect who "THEY" want to be the president. This is why we have the voting we have today so each person can vote on who they want and still be treated the same. But it can also make a crisis to.

Allowing the people to vote for whoever they want to is not a good idea. It can lead to bigger problems and issues. Voting for yourself can be very, very stressful. Adding on top of more strees. Of course its easier this way but your electing who is going to be the "President". Someone who controlls your country, tells YOU what to do, and makes new laws. It shouldn't be as easy as writting on a piece of paper who you want to be president. There should be some type of way to make it alittle more precise. This is why there is the Electoral College. All you have to do is get with someone you trust and vote for them to be apart of the canidates electors. Then all they have to do is vote for who they want to be president and see what happens. Its just as easy as what we have now but alittle bit more neat/clean. I Know I am spilling alot of information onto you about the "EC". And the advantages and disadvantages of having it. But I ask you to read this letter and think about what role YOU play in this election. Write back to me in your response of the actions you are going to be risking.

Sincerely,

Yours truly(Ms. Schoenthaler)                                                     