As modern technology progresses, more and more of our everyday activities are shifting from manual and on-paper activities to automated online functions. A key example of this in modern society is something as normal as email. In the past, people communicated via letters which had to be mailed to each other, taking weeks to deliver;

however, the modern day email technology allows us to deliver messages to others in seconds. As we progress further and further into the future, more and more of these essential daily activities transfers from manual/ in person contact, to automated and online activities. The next major milestone of this online revolution is to make digital and online education and teaching more wide scale so that every student and school can benefit. Many schools have began to offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Student's will greatly benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it allows students who are not comfortable or focused at school to work diligently from an undisturbed and comfortable situation from their homes, it allows for more feasible scheduling situations, and allows students to be more organized thus resulting in better quality work.

Student's will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it allows students who are not comfortable or focused at school to work diligently from an undisturbed and comfortable situation at their homes. A person's workplace means so much to their work efficiency and quality. Many people often find this comfortable and safe space within the constraints of their own homes. Working from home brings in a couple essential factors, that a lot of times are hard to find at schools which range from comfort, focus, and familiarity. One basic aspect that is often pointed to when talking about comfort at school versus comfort at home is the amount of noise pollution. While at school, you are often surrounded by twenty five to thirty other students who are all chatting and creating noise pollution in your work environment. However, while working at home, there is rarely any noise pollution because of the vastly lesser amount of people in your work environment. This more focused and comfortable work environment can allow students to strive and gain success rather then be out of concentration and disturbed at a school.

Student's will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it allows students to follow and create a more feasible and flexible schedule. Many students in high school participate in a variety of after-school activities and hobbies; however, since school takes away so much of the normal student's day including commute to and from school, it is often hard to schedule and plan all these essential activities and hobbies. Personally, I partake in a major robotics and STEM club known as FTC. At FTC we retain extremely knowledgeful information about creating, programming, and experimenting robotic designs which we compete at competitions using. One of my major struggles is balancing school and FTC because I have to go to school for seven to eight hours and then find space for time to commit to FTC as well as finish my studying and homework. Allowing students like myself to attend classes from home through online or video conferences would be extremely beneficial to the way I schedule my everyday activities because digital schooling would cut out essential time-consuming factors such as commute time and block switching thus providing me with more time to dedicate to my hobbies and extra-curricular activities.

Student's will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it allows students to be much more organized through digital tools and resources. Attending school in person often means you will receive a tremendous amount of hard-copy and paper handouts. However, digital schooling and online schooling often uses digital copies of these handouts and online resources such as Google classroom and Google drive. The various resources allow the everyday student to be exponentially more organized as rather then creating countless physical folders and carrying around hundreds of papers, you can simply have access to everything you need from the touch of your phone screen. Digital education also allows students who have trouble asking their teachers questions in person while in front of many other students to articulate themselves personally to their teachers without being seen by their classmates through several available functions that come available with digital educating.

Online education from home and teaching through video conferences and other online tools can greatly advance teaching and education as it allows students to learn in a comfortable environment, allows students to maintain feasible and flexible schedules, and allows students to have a much more organized education. Currently, we are heading in a path were all aspects of our daily life are being digitized and improved through online functions. Our education and learning is only the next aspect to make that leap to the future!