Dear senator, I am PROPER_NAME and i'm writing to you about the issues of the electoral voting process. Im in favor of changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States for a couple of reasons. First, I will know who I am voting for instead of thinking I am voting for the person I wanna vote for, And second the votes will be fair

To start off with, If we keep the electoral voting process then we will continue not knowing who we are voting for , The text asked itself a question "Do citizens sometimes get confused and vote for the wrong canidate?" And the answer was sometimes this process is to confusing for thed citizens to understand and it is not fair to use we have the right to vote but who are we voting for? What are we voting for? If we don't know who we are voting for then why vote. I understand having electors reduces the chance of having a president who can't carry our state,Eventhough the text says is takes away the chance I still think it reduces it I mean look at the Bush family they did a horible job and guess who elected them the electors. But still we have the right to vote for who we want but thats not the case, The case is that we vote for the the electors to represent our vote. I also dont agree with the winner take all vote because is I vote for someone i want me vote to go to that person not switch over to the other because he or she has the majority of the votes.

For my next statement, I will be addressing the fact of unfairness the winner take all rule is not fair as a add on the bigger the state the more electoral votes it gets is not for every state should count as a equal amount of votes because its like the little states doesn't get any say in who gets to represent us. "Do you have a older brother or sister? If you do then you know how it feels to get the remote tooking away from you and not get to watch what you want." And that is the same case here.

So I urgue you senator to help us citizens toi change the way the voting process is set up so we can understand who we are voting for and help us make a fair choice so our vote can stand for something.

From, PROPER_NAME from SCHOOL_NAME                           