"SLAM!" Generic_Name throws the door back behind her. Generic_Name's mother flies down the stairs so fast, she nearly face plants into the wall ahead. "What's the matter honey?" "Ughh! My new principal just announced that all students are now required to participate in an extracurricular activity everyday after school, and i don't have any interest in that!" Generic_Name shrieks."Well why is that such a bad thing?" her mom says calmly."That's the point! i don't want to waste my time after school on something stupid like that. I would rather be relaxing by myself after all of my homework," Generic_Name answers irritably. "Come on, you could make new friends, and might surprise yourself with new interests."I think it would be really good for you," her mom explains. "Well I disagree," Generic_Name responds. "Please would you give it a try? I see opportunity for you here. I really do," Her mom pushes. "I don't need more people or friends in my life. Besides, none of the activities offered sound appealing to me at all," Generic_Name says. " How about cross country? You know your dad and i used to do it when we were younger, and when you were little you always talked about how you wanted to be a runner like me when you got older. Just try it, and if you really don't like it, i'll go talk to your principal about the requirement," her mom offers. "I don't know," Generic_Name contemplates. "Think about all of the great opportunities and things that could come out of this!" Generic_Name's mom says positively. "Please?" her mom tries one last time. Generic_Name sighs. "I guess," she finally agrees. Forced extracurricular activities will benefit students in many ways, especially by motivating ones that do not typically do activities. Our school should continue to require students to participate in extracurricular activities because it provides balance in their schedules, helps them to build new friendships, and gives them the opportunity to try new things.

The first reason our school should continue to require extracurricular activities is because it provides balance in students' schedules. Balance is one thing that is very important, especially when it comes to middle and high school; colleges look at whether a student can manage an activity with all of the school work as a big factor in the admissions process. For example, My older sister applied to UVA last year; She had straight A's, a great GPA and SAT score, but got denied because she wasn't a balanced student. She claims that if she would have had a required extracurricular activity, she would have had a better high school experience because it would force her to have a little more fun, which she needed at the time.

Another example of the lack of balance is that my older brother comes home stressed and angry everyday because he's so determined about keeping his grades up in high school. His favorite sport used to be football, until his classes started getting harder and he stopped playing. However, next year he is going to step down from one of his hard classes, so he can play football again and still keep his grades up; therefore, he will regain his much needed balance again. If our school continues to require these extracurricular activities, it will prepare students for high school by showing them that they need to have a balanced school-work life to both mentally and physically succeed.

The next reason our school should continue to require extracurricular activities is because it helps students build new friendships. It is very important to have good friends throughout middle school and high school because you will need people to talk to about things, support you in situations. and even just to share laughter and spend time with that aren't your family. For example, when i started middle school my parents made me try out for track, which i really didn't want to do. After a few days, i had made so many great friends that i could not only hang out with at practice, but i also then knew them at school. To this day, i am even better friends with those people, therefore, i can't imagine what my life would be like if i hadn't tried out for track. Another example is my older brother made his closest friends, Generic_Name and Generic_Name, in football when he first started high school. Before that, he didn't have many good friends; football really changed his life in that way, for i never see him happier than when he is with them.

The final reason our school should continue to require extracurricular activities is because it gives students the opportunity to try new things. If you aren't required to do something, most of the time you probably won't do it unless it interests you; however if you are required to do something, you will be forced to do it no matter what, but you might surprise yourself, and find interest in that thing after all. Like mentioned previously, my parents made me try out for track when i first started middle school. At first, i wasn't the biggest fan of the idea, but i decided to give it a try; i ended up surprising myself, and Absolutely loved it. I was one of the best sprinters on my team, and found running to be a great way to release my negative energy from the day. Another example of this is my friend Generic_Name; she had no interest in sewing at all, but her mom forced her to try the sewing club at her school. Vivian ended up really enjoying it, and found it very therapeutic, as it was a great way to let out her stresses from the school day.

Squeak! Generic_Name's front door's hinges make a sound as she opens it. The stench of sweat fills the kitchen as Generic_Name and her friends topple in, one after another."Oh my goodness you girls stink!" Generic_Name's mom laughs and plugs her nose. "Did you have a good run?" She asks. "Yes we're loving it!" Generic_Name exclaims with a huge grin. "I knew you would," her mom winks at her.

By continuing to extracurricular activities, schools will positively benefit students by providing balance in their schedules, building new friendships, and giving them the opportunity to try new things.