Why do nothing, when you can do something that will help you no and in your future?

Students should be required to do at least one extracurricular activity.

The principle's choice to have every student to do an extracurricular activity is a good choice because students will get to connect with others who have their same interests, Students get to meet kids that they normally wouldn't meet just in school, and students will get an example on what it is like to work with a team or group.

First, it is good for students to participate in one extracurricular activity because students will get to connect with others who have their same interests.

People that have your same interests are different than people that you hang out in school.

You hang out with people in school because they have the personality that you enjoy to hang out with.

But, people with the your interests will understand you better and you will always have something to talk about.

The people in your group will talk about the same things that you do.

For example, a student wants to join the soccer team, and he doesn't know anyone.

The student can is always able to talk to his teammates about soccer because they are on the same team.

Then eventually, the student will no longer have to only talk about soccer because he has finally fit in to the rest of the kids.

Finally, the kids that have the same interests as you will also be the people that you will talk to the most in or outside of school because you like to talk to them about your sport or group.

Next, it would be good for students to do an extracurricular activity because they will get to meet people that they normally wouldn't meet when you are in school.

Joining a team or group will be nerve racking at first because you might not know anyone that share the same interests as you do.

But when the team/group finally gets to talking, they will have bonded so that nobody could break them apart.

It is important to get those types of relationships because if you ever need help to do something, then your team/group will have your back no matter what the problem is.

In school, you choose who your friends are, and once you have your group, nobody else is allowed in.

But when you join one a sports team, the student council, or the yearbook staff, then you set aside your school friends and you allow yourself to gain different friends.

People that you once thought were "weird", or "annoying," are now your friends because you realized that they actually have the same personality that you do.

Finally, it is important to do at least one extracurricular activity because students will get a taste of the real world in having to work as a team to get things done.

If students don't get the opportunity to work with a group, and to work as a team, then they wouldn't be prepared for life when they are older.

Learning to work with people is one of the most important things you need to know how to do.

So the sooner that you start, the better the future that you will have.

If you don't know how to work with people, then the path that is in front of you is rough because nobody will want to hire you, nobody will want to work with you, and nobody will have sympathy for you.

Nobody will hire you because they will look at your back round and see nothing in you that will help them in their work space.

Nobody will want to work with you because you will be mean and do little to no work.

Finally, nobody will have sympathy for you because they know that you had every chance to be successful, but you chose not to be.

Most people don't want that, do you?

In conclusion, it would be smart for the principle to implement that students have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students will get to connect with others that have their same interests, students will get to meet other students that they wouldn't normally meet in normal school time, and the students will get an example on what it is like to work as a team and to prosper at doing your work.

Starting with an extracurricular activity now will not only help you now, but it will help you later in life too.        