Would you want to keep the Electoral College or change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States? I would want to keep the Electoral College. I would want to keep the Electoral College because it keeps its process organized, it helps people vote, and it helps people out. If i were you id pick to keep the Electoral College. So let me tell you why you should pick to keep the Electoral College.

First of all, you should pick the Electoral College because it keeps the process organized. If you didnt have the Electoral College than you'd probably be confused about a lot of things. You wouldnt know where to go to vote. Also you probably wouldnt know where the section of the electors is. "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. If you didnt have the Electoral College you wouldnt know anything of that, so pick to keep the Electoral College.

Second of all, you should pick to keep the Electoral College because it helps people vote. If it wasnt for electors you probably wouldnt be picking a President or none of that because the electors set it all up. The Electoral College tells you where the meeting is to vote. The Electoral College has 538 electors and there has to be a majority of 270 electoral votes to elect a president. So there is no reason not to pick to keep the Electoral College.

Third of all, it helps people out. It helps people out by telling them what to do, where to go, and who to vote for. If there wasnt an Electoral College it would be harder to vote. If its in the Constitution that means it will help you. The Founding Fathers put it there for a reason. So if i were you id pick the Electoral Collge i wouldnt pick to change the election by popular votes for the president of the United States.

Last but not least, I think you should pick to keep the Electoral College because it keeps its process organized, it helps people vote, and it helps people out. Why would you pick to change the election by popular votes? What good is gonna happen? Nothing. It would be better to pick to keep the Electoral College. So you should without a doubt pick the Electoral College.    