Dear State Senator,

The one word used throughout this whole article ; catastrophic, which is whats best used to describe the electoral college. The United States of America, born and based off of popular soverignty, should be just  that ; decided by the people. The electoral college has only been a hindrance since its arrival, confusing American Citizens left and right, becoming an issue to voters/interested future voters, and disallowing a fair chance of a voters vote to be of importance in their state, and to their country. The electoral college should be disbanded and reiterized by popular vote because of TWO main reasons:it does

NOT

allow for a simple method of voting, and it does

NOT

allow for every vote, and voice to be heard in the United States presidency election, tarnishing this countrys' right of democracy, causing outrages all over the country.

To initialize this one-sided argument, lets begin with an important factor that the electoral college cannot be trusted on achieving, the fact that every vote counts. With over 300 million people now in the United States, under a unified country that promotes and exemplifies democracy, we have not been democratic in the sense that peoples vote doesnt even go to their president, only to another mind that can cast you away as if you were not important. As stated in Par. 7 Source 1 an article by the Office of the Federal Register "Most states have a winner-take-all system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate." These are the minds that are sometimes chosen at random, or by other factors to represent you, a choice you werent allowed to make. The winner takes all method only takes away from states like Texas and California who know their vote doesnt matter because these people will always agree on democratic or republican, and what is currently used in our society. This damages thousands of voices, thousands of votes that could have matter, but seemingly don't. Just like  how schools have implemented the 'No Child Left Behind' policy, we should transcribe this to leaving no american citizen without a voice, only dependant on what state their in.

Theories on how a single vote doesn't matter have been given, as stated in Par. 23 Source 3 by Richard A. posner "Voters in the presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.", who also comes to contradict themselves originally with "Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43% Percent plurality". In that instance, that one vote could've made a HUGE difference on our future. On top of that, so many voices in states that arent swing states (States that could go democratic or republican, and aren't fixated on only 1 party) that have been silenced could add up to be a tremendous amount of 'single votes', changing this nations history drastically.

Furthermore onto this argument ; one thing is known as a world wide factor that applies to almost everything that we do. Simpler, is better. If you take your precious time and read all Par. 1-8 in Source 1, what you will gather, is that an extremely over-afflictionated method is used when determining our next president.  Step by step instructions on selecting, choosing, voting, controling, and nevermind the problems it has already caused from the confusion of all these instructions. Something that can be fixed easily by one thing: overriding, fixing, and changing our way to popular vote. This would furthermore simplify our country way of voting, attracting more voters, and overall satisfying many people.

Some have also stated that this is necessary to providing a more organized form of voting. Key knowledge that must be analyzed is that: just because a service is organized, does NOT mean its correct. Referencing to Par. 11 Source 2 Bradford Plumer describes on how "The American People should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election in a century; the system allows for much worse." and "that those elctors could always defy the will of the people." in Par. 9 "according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al-Gore-Thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency." Many problems that would not ocurr if our way of voting were to be simplified into popular vote.

To summarize, and simplify (what should be done with our voting ways) this letter to you, we should remove the electoral college overall and implement the popular voting, to which our country is based off of. This is the most profound way of fixing the problems that we face: the unsimplicity known as our current voting ways, and the restablishment of our original, and hopefully still true government of Democracy, and Popular Soveriegnty.    