Have you ever wondered how someone close to you was feeling, at any moment of the day? This new Facial Action Coding System can help you do exactly that. The system will be useful in many ways, but I think it can be very useful in the everyday classroom. Teachers have always wondered how their students were feeling at all times during their lesson, and this software can help them reach out to their students tremendously. It can help with their lesson plan, their attitude, and their teaching style, making it a good work environment for the students.

Teachers make a lesson plan for the week and it can change depending on the circumstances. Imagine being a teacher and being able to read the students' faces an emotions. In paragraph 6, it states that "the software can recognize when a student is becoming bored or confused." This can allow teachers to analyze the situation in which the classroom is in. If the students are generally happy, then you can go along teaching and educating them the same way as you did before. Now, what if the students were not so enthused about your lectures? If the students show a monotone facial expression, or maybe a bored and sad one, then it might be due time to go and fix your mistakes, make the plan more exciting, and get them excited about learning. This can improve their confidence and allow them to have a bright future.

The way students act in class often create a chain reaction, making the teachers either pleased or digruntled with the way the students behave. If the teachers can read their expressions, change their lesson plan, and create a greatly improved learning environment, then everyone can go home happy. The students will listen more intently and the teachers will not have such a hard time dealing with their attitudes. In this scenario, everyone can get along well together and enjoy their time in the classroom.

In paragraph 3, it states that the software can "classify six basic emotions-happiness, surprise, anger, digust, fear, and sadness." Picking up these emotions on a student can change the way a learning environment works. If the student is showing signs of negative facial expressions and emotions, then the teacher can alter their style of teaching. They can create a warm and fun learning environment for the pupils, which can lead to them successfully gaining the knowledge they need to move on in life. The way a student acts in the classroom can affect many others around them and their attitude towards learning. If a teacher can detect even the slightest bit of negativity in the classroom, they can stop the spread and do their best to make learning fun and relatable for the students.

This new software could be innovative for the way classrooms work in the future. If students could be educated the way they would want to be educated, yet still get the knowledge they need to succeed, then the future generation could be unstoppable. In paragraph 9 it states that "making faces can reveal so much about the science of emotions." There are no limits to what the next generation can do if it all starts with teachers being able to read the emotions of their students. The future starts here with this idea, and this software. 