Dear Senator of Florida,

I belive the electoral college should be abolished as a process over all. The electoral college should be abolished because it does not benefit the U.S. in anyway and has caused multiple problems in elections over the past years. The electoral college should not be a part of the U.S. Constitution and it only causes issues while elections are present therefore we as a country should elect by popular vote.

The electoral college should be abloshied because it has caused multiple problems over the past years during elections and could continue to cause problems. The electoral college process consists of selecting electors, as you know, but those electors do not always vote for their partie's candidates like they should. This process causes the popular vote to not always guarantee pesidency to a certain candidate even if they have the popular vote. In 2000 Al Gore had won the popular vote but lost presidency because of the electoral college. Not only did one inncident occur but multiple occur because of the electoral college. As stated in paragraph 11 of Bradford Plumer's article, in 1960 segregationists in Louisiana's legislature almost succeeded in replacing Democratic electors with new electors who opposed John F. Kennedy so if Kennedy got the popular vote he wouldnt have got the presidency. Like Bradford Plumer clearly stated "the electoral college is unfair outdated and irrational." The electoral college should be abolished so that problems can be eliminated and elections are fair.

The electoral college should not only be abolished, or destroyed, because it causes problems but also because it does not benefit the United States in any way. The outdated, unfair system just hurts the U.S. government and the country as a whole, it does not benefit our government or citizens in anyway what so ever. Under the electoral college system voters are voting for a slate of electors who don't always vote for their own party candidate rather than voting for the candidate they want to govern our country. 60% of voters would prefer direct election and popular vote anyway so why not throw out the old worn down process that dosent work and replace it with something the people of this country actually want, popular vote. Some people might say we should keep the electoral college because each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee so nothing can happen but according to history things can happen such as in the 2000 election. Why keep a process that the majority of the citizens of this country don't want and a process that just causes issues.

The electoral college is a thing of the past, a has been that almost no one wants around. Popular vote elections would be more fair and will not have mistakes during elections like the huge mistakes the electoral college system has proven to display. The citizens of America want the electoral college gone and popular vote elections should be what the government is aiming for so we do not have mistakes in our elections and so the U.S. can benefit from actually having a working election process.                    