There are alot reasons to keep our the despised method of choosing the President. The First reason is because Certainty of Outcome, in the text its states that "The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. Another example from the text is "Obama, he recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney... because all of the states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis.

Another reason is that the Electiral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal,in that case, no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president, a solid regional favorite such as Romney was in the South , has no reason to campaign in those states because of the poor economy and because its not a wealthy state, he wont be able to campaign heavily. So he left with no votes and would have to find his Electoral College votes in a more suitable area. In the text its states that "It is a Desriable result because a candidate with regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president."

Also the Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance the large states by population lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment Senate decreed in the Constitution. My proof is in the text "The popular vote was very close in Florida in 2012 nevertheless Obama who won the that vote got 29 electoral votes. A same victory by the same margin in Wynoming would net the winner only 3 electoral votes."So, other things equal, a large state gets more attention compared to a small state.

And Finally the Electoral College avoids the problemof elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. For example "Richard Nixon in '68 and Bill Clinton in '92 both had on 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the in the Electoral College.

In Conclusion I think that the we should keep Electoral Colleges and changing to election by popular voting to vote for a President.    