Have you ever needed to make a difficult decision in your life? Many people have, whether that person is a small toddler deciding if he wants vanilla or chocolate ice cream, or a teenager in high-school deciding on the college he wishes to attend. When people ask for advice, talking to more than one person can help someone make a better choice. You can learn how to make the better choice suitable for you when you talk to other people with more experience and wisdom than yourself. Additionally, more people can give their own ideas and inputs into the said situation, and be able to help you look at the decision to be made in many different ways and perspectives. Thirdly, asking many people what they would do in the same scenario might tell you there might be a clear majority leaning towards one side of the choice. Asking multiple people for advice in a difficult decision can lead someone to make the choice that is best for them.

When come across a difficult decision that you may not have experienced and went through before, there is a high probability that there are other people who have been in the same place. These people will be able to offer their own experience in this decision, the decision they eventually made, and the conclusion they had arrived to. For example, a toddler choosing between ice cream could ask others what ice cream flavor they prefer, and choose the ice cream the majority of people seemed to like. Meanwhile, a teenager deciding on a college could ask adults who have recently graduated from the schools he is choosing between, and question them about their own first-hand experiences in that college. Most of the time, you will not have had enough experience to make a compatible decision yourself, while there might be other people in the world who do, and can help guide you through choosing the better one of your choices.

While trying to make a difficult decision, your point of view of the problem can be limited as you are only one person. However, after asking more people for their own ideas and inputs into the situation, you will be able to look at the decision in a more broader view, and also how it can be made in many different ways. After asking other people what they think about the decision, they will be able to give you their own ideas and thoughts that they have, and the different pros and cons that come along with it. In each difficult decision, one of the elements that make the decision so difficult is the many pros and cons that correspond to each side of the decision. The decision is then comparing which side has the better pros and the least cons. Talking to other people might enable them to see the problem in a different way that you might see it, which can add to your list containing the pros and cons of each side of the decision. Having a more complete list can let you see the problem in a different way, but also guide you into knowing that you have made the better decision after considering all the different aspects of it.

Asking many people what they would in in the same scenario of a difficult decision might also tell you if there is a clear majority leaning towards one choice, which could then tell you if there's a clear choice to be made. Making this choice would make one feel more better and confident in one's self, knowing that there are many other people who agree with making that specific choice. However, if one wishes to use this strategy, they must also make sure that they are asking people who have experience and past knowledge in the decision to be made. A high-schooler who is deciding between two colleges and wishes to ask others on the college he should attend should not ask random strangers walking down the street. Instead, he should ask other gifted students, prestigious educators, or other intelligent adults who might know how to make a better decision than the student himself. However, even after receiving plentiful advice from others, one should know that you are still the person who should take all facts into consideration, and then make the final decision based on your thoughts and ideas.

In conclusion, when people ask for advice, talking to more than one person can help you make the better choice. You can learn how to make the better choice most suitable for yourself when you talk to people who may have more experience and wisdom than you, and more people will be able to give their own ideas and inputs into the situation to help you look at the decision to be made in many different ways and perspectives. Finally, asking many people what they would do in the same scenario tells you if there might be a clear majority leaning towards one choice. Having a clear majority lets you know that this is what most people would do in the same situation, which leads you to feeling more comfortable and confident after making that decision. Though many people have to make difficult decisions throughout their lives, asking more people for advice in this decision will lead them into making the right one for themselves.