When ever a president gets elected in the United States of America, the votes that they recieve are from the electoral college process. The electoral college has 538 electors, each state in the United States of America has a certain amount of voters, one state might have more than others. For example, The state of California and Texas have the most votes throughout the whole country.

Some people don't really agree with the electoral college process because they belive that if you vote you are voting for electors of your state that eventually vote for you at the end. For example, if you lived in Texas and you wanted to vote for [John] Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. And everyone's question might be "who are those electors?' The electors can be anyone not holding public office. That's why there's a 60% vote against the electoral college.

The electoral college is widely looked at as a person, a non-democratic way of selecting a U.S president that is going to be overruled by saying the canidate who recieves the most popular votes is the winner. It is the electors that elect the presidents, not the people. But each party selects a slate of elector's trusted to vote for the party's nominee, it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral votes doesn't win the popular votes. This happened in 2000, when gore had more popular votes, but yet he had less electoral votes than George Bush.

I think the electoral college is a fantastic method of electing the United States of America's president, because for instance, let's say a person older than 18 who is allowed to vote and knows nothing about politics goes ahead and votes for the presidential canidate that has better hair, or maybe because he's taller, or he has a nice voice, then the next thing you know that the president knows absolutely nothing about the government or politics and votes a president based on their outside characteristics and not by the presidents knowledge or his intelligence or ability of helping the country out. And it's sad because at the end of the day the president that they chose can become so mean, rude,and clueless of what he/ she's doing. So then at the end we the people are stuck with bad leader for example, like Cuba, and north Korea and other harsh leader that are the president or maybe even  country regret having that disrespectful person that they chose just becasue of his characteristics on the outside instead of paying attention to the presidential canidates knowledge, and thats why we should still stick with the electoral college method.            