PROPER_NAME

MONTH_DAY_YEAR

SCHOOL_NAME

Limit Your Own Damn Car Emis

Limiting car usage is something that we all need to do. There are numerous ways of doing this; a person can car-pool or use other means of transportation. Today my sister and I created a mess of emissions just getting to school to take this test that is completely worthless. I do not gain from this test, nor do my proctors who have to dilligently coach a hundrded students through a bogus set of instructions for this bogus test. Those emmissions are still rising. For each one person in the room where i'm taking this worthless test, hundreds of cubic feet in carbon monoxide gas have been released into the atmosphere. When this test is over it will be sent to some place, probably in the northern part of Florida for a bunch of people to grade. Test by test. They too must create huge emmissions to get to the place where they grade this test. Or do they? We have no idea who created this test, why we're taking it, or even the slightest insight of who's grading it or if it will even be graded! We're like a bunch of helpless test animals deprived of sleep because we have to write some bogus test. I look around me in this room and there is at least 40 people who I can see are pouring their hearts out on this test. I did yesterday, and for what? I cant be proud about this essay I just wrote, or even share it with my family, there is hardly even a record I took this darn thing. They tell us that we're setting the bar high for other schools but for what reason. Why would you strive to be better than someone who has writen their sole out on this essay. Its supposed to be special with origionality! These are supposed grades that you ace because you wrote a beautiful essay you cherished, and took pride in and even brought in other authors to make your work stronger, then you hear that that essay you submitted was to set the bar high for people we've never met. What kind of sick mind creates prompts for sudents to devote themselves to school and greatness and makes them take this whole thing just to see how it went? Why dont you make this thing worth a goal? Give us an incentive! It's so rediculous that I have to sit here and write about car emissions when I dont drive. You should turn this around on yourslef and ask why you did it. Why the hell do you need to test us on the daily basis like this. This test is an outrage and a discrase that should not even be thought about. I have better stuff to do. I want to learn about the things essential to me, not some foney worthless writing essay about car emmissions in France. This whole thing is so irrelevent to me it's sick. For me to use up energy and valuable time is something like this is not in charactar for me. And to think I have to sit here for another hour and thirty minutes. I feel sorry that my school and I have to put up with this crap. This test was a giant waste of time, you dont deserve my response and screw you for putting me and 500 other people through this. Before you even try to do this again ask yourself if what you're doing is right, if it's worth other peoples while. I want someone who made this test happen to read my little rant to see how students really feel. I know I speak for many of my peers with this writting. If you're just reading this and have nothing to do with me receiving this test, no hard feelings. Have a great day and thanks for taking your valuable time to read this. I hope its more compeling then reading about car emissions. :^)            