Ever been rushed around? Have had so much to do in so little time? What if you had to do a extra activity on top of that? Would your life be hectic? I disagree with making kids do extracurricular activity For example, time is something that passes all the time. Not all of the students can get a ride, adding this will cause the student to become more stressed. In all, adding extracurricular actives is a bad idea.

Time. 24 hours a day. Students spend seven through 8 hours a day at school. Should be getting at least eight hours of sleep. This is leaving on eights hours to do homework, chores, ride or walk home, and spend time with family. If you add an extra activity this will take away from time at home. Some of the activities are fished late at night or are held in a place far away so it will take awhile to get home. This makes doing homework hard or even sleeping hard. If a student comes to school sleep it will make the work that they are doing decrease. When this happens the grades will drop slowly but surely. When they see that there grade has dropped this makes them upset and stressed. Creating this viscous cycle. Forcing kids to do after and during school activities will make free time vanish into thin air.

buses are the way students get to and from school. People who live far and close can take a bus. Even walk. If someone stays after school there is no bus to take them home. The either have to walk or find a ride. Some parents are busy or can't pick them up. What do you do about this? Giving a bus to take one or two kids home wouldn't make sense. If you do this option it will take awhile to find someone to do it or to find out if the kid has permeation from the parents. If you give students the choice to do things after school they can figure out if they need a ride or if they do not need a ride.

Sols, testing, homework, grades, home life, drama, and family. All of these things are stressful. Life moves by so mast. Stress comes in and out of our lives all of the time. That is normal for humans. Even if we don't have stress in our lives homework and testing can just make you stressed. Making kids do something that that they don't have time to do creates a lot of stress. Students should be able to chose what they want to do. If they can handle doing extracurricular activates then they can, it shouldn't be a must. Making kids do something that isn't needed will drag them down making them now want to come to school. School should be a place of safety were kids can chose what they need to succeed in life.

Making kids do extra activities will make students have less time for home, not all kids can get a ride home from school, doing this will ad more stress. Do you have enough time?             