Dear Mr. Senator, I am not in favor of the electoral college because it doesnt allow the peoples vote to be sincere "we the people" is what our country is based off of and by having the electoral colloge set in place we cannot be the people. We are endowed certain rights and freedoms by the government and getting a vote is one of them but with this electoral college propaganda we cannot not give our sincere vote that counts. Truly I do not understand the electoral college to an extent that some do but i dont have to. I know enough to know that this system of voting is unethical and not right. Anyone in there right mind will know this is a terrible system of voting.

For example barrack obama should not have won and wouldnt have won the second time if it werent for this scrub system of voting.

Much like taking this test we are waisting our time. We are endowed by our creator certain unalianable rights that cannot be taken away. There is a lot wrong about our government and elecoral college doesnt strike the surface. It is foolish to think electoral college is the biggest problem america has. Not just america but the world. The world is falling apart and all these hypocritical media people are freaking out over the electoral college. They need to grow a pair and take off their mini skirt and open their eyes a little bit. Riches on earth mean nothing. Moth, famine, and thieves destroy here. But riches in heaven is what matters. This country would never even have became independent if it was run by the people who are running it now. First of all this country was founded on God and now the government wont even allow us to have a Christmas party in schools because the word CHRIST is in it. They want us to have a "holiday" party instead. they will all see one day. On judgment day. All we can do is pray for them because thats all that can help these distranged men. Love Joy Peace Patience Kindness Goodness Faithfullness Gentleness and Self-control ol ol. Love joy peace patience kindness goodness faithfulness gentleness and self-contol o ol.

Ok i am missing weightlifting class to write some bogus essay that doesnt even count.  really  you are really making us do this?  this school district sucks and everyone knows it. everyone.

its time to let go of the mini skirt and grow a pair. and become a school district that actually allows us to learn.     