While the idea of driverless cars appeals to many, is it really practical for modern day America? Sergey Brin has proposed and imagined this utopian idea. The creation of these seeming easy cars would actually make everyones life harder, not only on the roads, but in the court rooms as well. These cars would obviously be extremly costly to make, and would put stress on all tax payers if roads were to be remodeled. The idea of driverless cars is impractical and shouldn't be taken seriously.

There is a quote that states, "Be careful what you wish for becuase you just might get it." What this quote boils down to is that as much as one might want something that aesthetically pleases them, it may turn around to be a truly awful mistake. Driverless cars cause more trouble then they are worth. A prime example would be, if a driverless car were to be made, having to switch the roads and the designs of them. Tax payers already pay for the seemingly never ending road repair, let along new roads for cars that arent even a necessity. Many engineers at Berkeley attempted to use magnets in driverless cars that could read in binary code. They discovered there needed to be grotesque and expensive changes to pre existing roads, making the whole ordeal impractical. After realizing that roads were too hard to deal with, money wise, Google tried to make cars that were smarter. With all of the upgrades required to make a smarter car, the cost of the driverless car wouldn't be fathomable. How are people supposed to drive cars when they cost too much to own and take care of?

Another huge problem with the new cars is whither a human in the "driver seat" would be assisting or driving. If a car could go forward on its own, but can't drive under certain conditions, how is it really a driverless car? If a person in the car were to fall asleep while being drove by the car, then there were to be an accident that the car couldn't handle, how would the car alert the person it was time to drive. There is a big reason as to why people dont hop out of bed and into a car. The brain needs time to adjust and wake up before attempting a process that can quite legitimately kill people. A single car accident can kill many people. Pretending that driverless cars are a toy isn't an option. People with health problems wouldn't find a driverless cars helpful either. Awareness of people who cant feel vibrations, cannot hear, and cannot see, would all be in danger riding in this type of car. Without being in control of the wheel and acceleration at all times reduces the feeling of needing to be alert in the car, causing more careless accidents that could have been avoided if the car had an alert and ready driver.

If one of these careless accidents were to happen, who would be to blame? With the idea of driverless cars, sprialing and time consuming court cases come along. When accidents happen, usually the two drivers are taken to court, with the exception of car recall cases. When two driverless get in an accident it leaves the question as to why two, in fact driverless cars, would hit each other. This also brings up the question as to if they are even driverless cars. A driverless car would technically have to be driverless and not need a human assistant to run properly. Thus saying, more car companys are more likely to get sued in the court of law for murder, vehicular manslaughter, and many other charges most car companies don't get hit with using regular cars.

Another pretty famous quote states, "If it's not broke, don't fix it." Today's cars are fully functional and drive almost perfectly on the roads we have now. To switch the great thing that is going on now would be useless. In this economy, America does not have money to throw around. To mass produce driverless cars is and forever will be unconventionally excessive. In order to save time, to save money, and save citizens from dreaded jury duties, driverless cars should remain in the movies.