Imagine living in a world where everybody thinks alike. A place where everybody has the same political views, the same views on relationships and even ice cream flavor.

A world that lacks different kinds of people with different mindsets is no world at all. Without unique mindsets to guide you through the highs, lows and small mysteries of life, we would all be at a roadblock. Weather you seek advice from outsiders often or do so once every blue moon, every person you ask will answer your question differently, with a unique thought process of their own. Seeking multiple opinions can guide someone to make a better choice in various ways, such as opening their eyes to something they hadn't previously thought about, and having them realize what someone else would do if they were in that same position, taking multiple opinions into consideration is beneficial to all of us.

Asking others simply for their input on a subject can deeply affect the way that you may view something. Outsiders viewpoints on a subject can change our perspectives drastically, opening our eyes to a new and different way of thinking. Every single one of us has had something in our past that affects our decision making process, weather its based on our experiences or how we were raised. It may be that you think through things with more caution, or don't think through things at all and thats why you are so spontaneous. I once asked a friend if I should get a necklace with pearls on it or a necklace with golden stars on it. She told me the one with stars on it because she enjoyed the way it looked on me. I then turned to my other friend who was known for thinking through things with a bit more caution and logical thinking. She started to ask me questions, "What necklace would you get more use out of?" "Which necklace could you wear in all of the seasons?" "What necklace is the most similar to a necklace that you already have?" With her advice I then realized that I owned necklaces that were similar to the stars at home and I would get much more use out of the pearls because they went with all of my outfits and were always classy. I would have had a necklace with golden stars on it, that I may have not gotten much use out of. However, with the input of another outside source I was able to eliminate that situation from happening. Though this is an example on a small scale with little actual effect or strong importance, the same thought process applies to something on a larger scale. With more viewpoints and opinions comes the idea of higher knowledge and with knowledge comes more implied power.

Realizing that everybody has unique and different viewpoints can be extremley beneficial to all of us. When we take advantage of many unique view points it helps us to make a better choice. Hearing the thoughts and opinions of others opens our eyes to ideas that we may not have previously taken into consideration, the viewpoints of others may even make us realize what someone else would do if they were in our position. Everybody has a past that affects and alters the way that they make everyday decisions or life changing decisions. However, with the help of multiple people's opinions, it can lead us down the pathway of a better decision. Next time you need help with picking the better choice, seek multiple people with different view points to really find the true right choice.