Wouldn't it be great to be able to drive to places without anyone actually driving? I think that would be fantastic! Today, I am going to talk about driverless cars. I think that driverless cars should continue to be developed because, they would make the world a more productive place, the cars are still in development and they would be cheaper in the long run.

First, I will talk about how they would make the world a more productive place. While we are driving we spend so much time paying attention to the road, but what if didn't have to? We would have that time to do other things, like maybe work on a new great project that could change the world. With driverless cars, taxi drivers wouldn't have a job. That means that they would have to find something else to do. They could become doctors and bring us back to health; They could become officers and protect us from the dangers in the world.

Next, I will talk about how they are still in development. I think that a lot of people are judging driverless cars by the way they are working now. We shouldn't give up on them so soon; Scientific discoveries happen all the time. Someone will find something that completely changes driverless cars for the better. Besides, they already show so much promise. In test drives, these cars could survive more than half a million miles without a crash. Mercedes Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have driverless cars by 2020. Let's wait until then to judge driverless cars.

Lastly, I will talk about how they are cheaper. The driverless cars that Google cofounder Sergey Brin foresees would use half the fuel we use today. Fossil fuels are becoming an issue, but what if we had one less use for them? Without the need for so much fuel that wouldn't be so much of an issue anymore, and we would have more time to plan for whenever the time may be that we run out of fossil fuels. Also, if we perfected the driverless car there will be a lot less crashes. Without so many crashes we wouldn't be paying for repairs as often. We also wouldn't pay for the medical bills and such associated with an automobile accident.

In conclusion, I think that we should keep working on driverless cars. We should keep developing them because, they would increase the world's productivity, they are cheaper in the long run and because they deserve a chance. It would be great to be able to drive somewhere without anyone actually driving.