A classroom is possibly one of the most diverse places we can have in today's world. There are students with different ethnic backgrounds, different spoken languages, and different emotions. Regardless, all students gather to learn new material used to help them in the real world. However, certain material presents hardship with some students and ease with other. Being able to understand exactly how a student feels can make their learning significantly easier. Though some problems may occur, it can be invaluable to a student. The FACS technology can be utilized in the classroom in may ways with few downfalls.

In the world like the one today, reliability and consistently are key. People today enjoy things that are useful and fun. The children of this generation especially want that. Before the children can age and make something with their lives, someone along the road has to teach them. Education is something that starts young and is so important and valued so heavily that without it you are looked at as irrelevant. States hire teachers and put trust in them that they are able to teach the children and provide a good base to go out and experience the real world. Teachers have so much weight bearing down on them. A teaching job is argueably one of the most mentally exhausting and frustrating. Some students do not care about grades while some graduate with a 3.8gpa. Imagine how different this world could be if everyone was able to graduate with a high gpa and go to college and proceed to make their lives meaningful. Thomas Huang, of Beckman Institue for Advanced Science at the University of Illonois was one such person. Along side Prof. Nicu Sebe of the University of Amsterdam, Huang may have created one technology that can be the change. These scientists create the FACS, or Facial Action Coding System. The computer is used to read human facial motion and determine emotions. Prof. Huang even has gone on record to say that it can be beneficial in a classroom. This statement is true beyond a doubt. Students emotion's change from minute to minute. There are unlimited benfits with only a few cons. The main con is that the machine may take time to read a face and by the time it has been read, the emotion can change. Also, this technology can be expensive, especially for a school with hundreds or even thousands of students. Despite that, the machine can understand students that day. With a better understanding for the student, the lesson can be adjusted to make it more comprehensable. Since most classrooms are not this dynamic, every student moves on to doing the same thing at the same time. This technology can change up the questions so that an advanced student may move on faster than one who is struggling. Perhaps one of the most important things people need to be aware of in the education system is the student's emotion. Like stated previously, emotions change. So if the computers sees a student with health issues such as depression, it can aid the student in getting help. Parents, teachers, and other school administration need to be aware of the student more than the cost of things. Even with the cost the computer's benefits are easily overshadowing it.

Teachers and students rely on technology so often and for so many reasons. Whether it be school work or just for entertainment, there is no harm to add a feature that reads emotion. The price should be looked at as just a number, and human emotion and feeling should out rank that in importance. The FACS computer is someting that schools need to be looking into for the care of their students.   