Even though technology is a huge part of the world today to help with certain problem and can be really helpful to people. The author describes the FACS or Facial Action Coding System as a technology to shows a recognition to facial movement. In today's society we know that its alot of emotions being shown throughout the world no matter what's the case is. For example, emotions are hidden by certain people or even people that don't show emotions at all. To support my claim is that no matter if parents or anybody tells them something they will not show any type of emotion any type of way, so they use equipment or something such as the FACS technology program.

The author says that from using the FACS experiment that it will make you feel sightly happy. In my opinion that is not true because that when you are down or upset you wouldn't want to do a experiment just to make you feel happy because you would think the experiment was nonsense. The author also provided us with is that if you raises your eyebrowns when your suprises and around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger is true because the FACS could shows and tell your emotion at anytime and any place.

When looking at the Mona Lisa painting it was sucessful and was one of Leonardo da Vinci's biggest accomplishment was the painting of Mona Lisa. Some of the new comptuer software that can recognize emotions, It was sucessful because the software is the latest innovation from Professor Thomas Huang of the Beckman Institute for Advance Science at the University of Illinois with collaboration with Professor Nicu Sebe Of the University of Amsterdam.

Comparing school computer and FACS is that school computer can recognize if a students is bored , or even confused about a problem there doing on a website such as Mindplay, Khan Academy , Carnige Learning, and etc. The FACS is extermely helpful and useful is because the FACS materials can be expressive for video games or video surgery. It can also help with human communication that aew nonverbal including emotional communtication. By according to Dr. Huang notes he says " So computers need to understand that too.".

Your home computer or work computer cannot modify Mona Lisa smile. To support my claim is in pargraph 7 it says " Your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile. " But you can write down some simple instructions that "encode" the different emotions.

The author says in Pargraph 9 us that the FACS can give you happy face that it can acutally be useful.

It can be false because a fake smile is when you mouth widen alittle bit with no teeth showing , and when using the FACS it can probably not show it.

The FACS technology can be very helpful for counselor, teachers , deans, doctors and even more. When someone is mentally challenge or mentally disabled the counsleor can uses the FACS to identify the mental person emotions. It can be helpful with teachers and deans is to identify the different or emotion the child has. For examples, say a child is got bully in the cafeteria for his lunch money and he just walks out the cafeteria with a frown on his face and he doesn't want to show his emotion toward the dean and/or teacher so thats when they can used the FACS technology to figure out there emotions.

The FACS is very helpful for humans that performs the same impressive "calculation" everyday. Of course, most of us can probably tell how a friend is feeling by the look of there face , you can probably tell by the look of there faces when they are happy, sad, worried that why Lenardo da Vinci made the Mona Lisa picture and his crew from making the FACS technology. The author is giving us the mood of encouraging because without the FACS technology then we would never know how people feel when it comes down to the people that don't show emotions.

In conclusion , FACS is very useful in many different sceranio. If it wasnt for the FACS technology then we wouldn't know how kids,adults,students,teachers and etc feel. Another thing is that the FACS technology is very helpful because that it can tell if a student is bored , and/or even tired. While a regular computer can tell if the student is bored. I would reccomend this in schools,hostipals, doctors office , or even in the dentist area.   