Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing? my opinions students should be benefit from being able to attend classes from home because, sometime students doesn't have time when students free they will be done online class or homework, test,assessment. some students doesn't have parents so,they need to work and make money pay for rent and food. some time they will be sick and they won't attend class. some time students take action and going to visiting some place they will be attend online classes. now every area social online. Students use phone they will looking for YouTube,and they learn some think there video. when students doing online classes attend if they didn't know that they will be taping the Google and students get some information.

First, students should be benefit from being able to attend classes from home because, sometime students doesn't have time when students free they will be done there homework,test, assessment. some word students doesn't understand but they will be taping on the phone and translation from another languish or they will be looking for dictionary. where students doesn't matter because they will be doing online class any area, any place. example:-1. students traveling to bus workplace,rest time, talk to another person. many parent think students does,t leading any think at home they are always use the phone and play game, taxing masses,talk to another person said parent, But not like that one because they will leading some think there. student taxing another person students learning to spell correct. when student talk to friend the will learn to correct tone.

Second, students should be benefit from being able to attend classes from home because,some students doesn't have parents so, they need to work and make money pay for rent and food. Students work a lot so,students not attend classes. i know how will be going to schools they leaning a lot. when students not understand teacher enplane every think and explain math. at schools have time what time students enter the class what time go to next class and what time lunch every think teacher make time table. students follow the rule. some students it's fine this rule some students it's not find this rule. So, students at home take online classes they will be make a time table. Schools have teacher to learn and at home we have friend,brother and sister every body teach them. if students does't have a family they will call the friend and talk and discourse to the project and homework. My be they doing go to Google and taping problem sentence and students gets some answer. Students learn to fast looking for video.

Third, students should be benefit from being able to attend classes from home because, some time students will be sick and students won't attend classes. if that time students have online classes students doing homework and project,assessment at hospital and at home. Students sitting in the hospital they are boring if students have some attend class they are doing some online classes. And they students have time going to fast. Students attend classes finish they doing some plan. But, students doesn't to make plant January is to rarely to know this information because, students plan after depend school on there teacher and consular. And summer , winter vacation too and there plane my be change. So, students,would benefit from being able to attend classes from at home.

Finally, students should be benefit from being able to attend classes from home because, now every area social online. So, some time students take vacation and going to visiting some place and they will be attend onion classes. students use of cellphone with at home and work traveling time so students attend online classes. schools have five day a week a class so students want to spent time with family. students want to go to vacation with family looking for new place. students want to all the time free. they don't want stay one place. When students will be go to new place students mind fresh and they think they will be doing every thing. So online classes should benefit for students. When student mind fresh there mind new think they learn new word. So students active doing every thing and students tell there friends and they will be decide go to there pace. There are learn for social and active physic subject.

In conclusion, students should be benefit from being able to attend classes from home now every area social online so, use of cellphone and computer,lop tap with doing attend the classes at home. we are looking for video and talk with friend,we are learn some think there video. if students have online classes students make some plan going out side with family and friends and students doing to attend online classes. Now students very smarts because students attend online classes and students no depend any body all.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               