Generic_Name

Mr. Generic_Name

English 8 Honors 11 March 2020

The Importance of Seeking Multiple Opinions Before a Decision

Nowadays online shopping has become more and more common, resulting in the majority of people to refer to the web when purchasing items. However, the items shown on websites may not always be parallel to what it is like in real life. Making a first-hand decision can often lead to something that is unwanted, not satisfactory, or a waste of money. To prevent this, people should seek multiple opinions to help them make a better choice now and possibly in the future. This is why asking advice from more that one person is beneficial and how it helps someone gain the confidence to know that the decisions they make are correct.

Most of the times the choices someone will make causes an effect on another thing. When a bad decision is made, this can lead to circumstances that someone would rather stay away from. For example, a person has spent money on something they wanted, but later realize it was bad quality and it was not what they expected it to be. This does not only put them in a place where they have something that is disliked, but now they have also wasted their time and money when that item was bought. Instead, that person should look up that item to see what other people had to say about it or ask peers who have purchased that item their thoughts on it. This will not only bring them to a choice that they will not regret, but it will also save them from wasting time and money.

The choices someone will make are usually decided on their point of view, meaning that their decision are based solely of what they think. When someone goes to multiple viewpoints, they can see the different perspectives on how people view things. This will lead them to be more open-minded on what they choose to do. Having a more open-mind can then lead to better choices and wisdom for the future. For example, if someone knows that a specific company provides low quality items, they can know that in the future they should not buy items from that company. This means that what a person learns from making a good decision from others opinions now, can also help them make other better decisions in the future.

Many say that you should "follow your gut," but this can lead to many difficult positions. Instead, someone should always seeking multiple opinions to help with choosing what to do because it can insure that they make the best choice. When a person makes a right decision, this does not only give them a decision that they will not regret, but it will also save them from wasting time and money. Choosing the right thing to do now can also help them in the future when making decisions related to their past scenario. The decision someone makes might seem small on the outside, but truly when a good choice is made, this can change a persons life for the best. That is why making a right choice is important, and a person can only make the best decision when they have talked with more than one person.         