Dear state senator,

Everyone has their own opinion on whether or not you should keep the Electoral College or if you should change the election to popular votes for the president of the United States. My opinion is that you should change the election to the popular votes.

To begin with, The Electoral College is a process. In the article "Does the Electoral College work?" it states that "the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens." The Electoral College process consists of picking the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for the president and the vice president and then the counting of the electoral votes by congress.

Next, The Electoral College has a few things wrong with it. In 2000, Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency to George W. Bush because Bush recieved 271 electoral votes to Gore's 266 electoral votes. Over 60 percent of voters would perfer a direct election to the kind we have now. When voting you don't even get to vote for the president. You vote for a slate of electors. It would be nice to actually be able to vote for who you want to be president. The Electoral College is unfair, outdated and irrational.

Also, If you were to change to the popular vote, it would be fair. Everyone would get to put in their opinion on who should be the president of the United States. I think that if everyone was to be able to individually vote for their president, there would be less chaos and arguements about the election and also the new president. But, it is possible that the winner of the electoral vote won't win the national popular vote. But, it is very rare. Some people don't bother voting because of the fact that their vote will have no effect. They have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote.

In conclusions, I think that changing to the popular vote instead of keeping the Electoral College would be the best thing for the united states. Everyones vote will count, it would be fair, and more people would pay attention to the elections and vote. Like Bob Dole said, "Abolish the Electoral College!"

Sincerly, a concerned student.     