The election of a president is a very seriouse thing that could ruin us or improve us we should start to pay attention to Mister State Sentor it could make a future for some people or cause war between people. We should change the system were people can vote for there president not there state electors. Plus, some people don't know this is going on they belive that they are voting for the person to change the state not an candaite of the president.  We should not have people who don't know what there doing in congress and that we don't have segergation in the state.

To start off with, we should not have people we don't know there doing in the congress. In source 2 it states that,'' ... that they can be anyone note holding a public office .... some times state convention ,sometimes the state party's centeral commitee, sometimes the presidental canidates themself'', that is very bad that they can just choose anyone off the streets and don't care, this could be bad for the economy the people thee took off the streets they might not even know how to do there job because they were not trained to do such things, and then they have patry's centeral commitee,or the state convention we should have a direct vote not other people who might not be even on our side and want only power.

Next, we dont want segregation in the state, it casually states that,'' segregationists in te louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in the replacing the democratic electors with new electors that oppose of a Jhon kenndy'', If that have happened then we would be in chaos everyone would be aginst each other and there will be alot of pain and suffering for the people because of there race,and religous belife we would no longer be a great nation.

To conclude my essay, that we should not have strangers we don't know or don't even hold a office in our conress to be a state ellector that don't know what ther doing that is how we end up with alot of wars or no money and that we don't have segergation in the state that can lead into more problems . I just want to end with a qoute that agree with even if you don't ,''the electoral college is unfair , outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly asserations without much basis to start in reality...''.    