The auther supports his idea by writing a paraghragh and putting in ideas or what people reserach. The author starts the paragragh by telling us what is venus is and what conditions that the plants has what earth does not have. The next thing is that the author said that Venus is the closest planet to the earth in terms of density and size and occasionally the closest in distance too. The next thing that the author puts in the paraghragh is that venus go around the sun in diffrent speeds then the earth. I think we should explore venus because venus might have the material that earth has not the second thing is that venus might have new creature that we never seen before that can with stand the conditions that venus has. The third thing is that venus never ben explord before so we might see thing we might not have seen on earth. The next thing I want to say is that we can use venus as a waypoint for space ships to go back and refule and get things to explore new planets but the conditons on that planet IN the paragragh it said that venus has sulfuric acid in the air is 90 time denst as the atmaspher on the earth. The second thing is that the artical said venus average tempoture is over 800 degrees fahrenhiet and venus has the hottest suface tempoture on anyother planets in our solar system. The third thing is that venus weather presents thing like eruping volcanoes powerful,earthquakes, frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. The artical said that peopel try to get to the surface of venus and it was not working until they made a robot that can with stand the surface for three weeks. The next thing is that long time ago venus use to have thing that earth have to but over time they distaper and have the same surface like earth the nexts thing is that they were thinking to put a huvering vehicle like a plane that can huver over the clouds that can scan the surface with out have something happening but they cannot take samples so they have to get close and personale. so the nasa is tyring to get samples from venus and worrking on the computers that can scan the suface. Thats the thing I can sume up from the paraghragh.