In the 1960's driverless cars seemed more as like a futuristic fantasy rather than reality, but in todays world, they just might be the next big thing. In the late 1950's, General Motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track (Ph. 3). Although this was the first concept of a "smart car", the roads would need an unrealistic upgrade that would cost extremely to much. Today however, we have the technology to make real driverless cars. The toll of human error has been evident in the auto-age as more accidents happen every year. The use of driverless cars, or at least almost driverless cars, will be benificial to the future as less accidents will happen, preventing more casualties.

Today, many cars all across America and the world have road assistance and antilock breaks, but this still gives drivers the oppurtunity to make a mistake and cause an accident. For example, BMW created a system called " Traffic Jam Assistant". The car is capable of handling situations at speeds up to 25 mph. This is not bulletproof though, as the human driver still has to be alert when navigating through construction and accidents. Developers though, are getting closer to having real driverless cars. Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90% of the time (Ph.10).

Technology today makes creations and inventions capable of almost anything. We have had extreneous experience with sensors and radar, two things that are almost required for a driverless car in the upcoming future, to make one. In the 1980's, more than 30 years ago, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes (Ph. 5). With all of the experience gained, we now can make real driverless cars. Infact, we all ready have. Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009 (Ph. 2). Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but roadblocks and problems do lie ahead for a true "driverless car".

Traffic laws are written with the asssumption that the only safe car has a human driver in contral at all times (Ph. 9). As a result, many states restrict the use of driverless cars on the roads. As driverless cars are a relatively new idea, restrictions will be diminished in due time. Opposers of driverless cars have also made the claim that liability will possibly be the dimise of driverless cars. The discussion of whether or not the human in the seat or the car manufacturer will no doubt be on the minds of lawmakers, but they would quicky come to the conclusion that it would be the driver's fault, since the driver bought the car and knew what he/she was getting into. Manufacturers would also make a liability agreement required in order to driver the car.

Although driverless cars will not probably be 100% driverless, the creation of almost driverless cars is not far down in world history. The use of driverless cars, or at least almost driverless, will be beneficial to the future as less accidents will happen, preventing more casualties.            