Driverless cars are becoming more popular in today's society. Driverless cars can be very useful to people today. They can help prevent many accidents on the roads today. They can be used by someone from every age group that is able to drive. Young adults, middle aged people, and the elderly can all use the driverless car to help improve the roads in today's society.

For example, many parents might feel better knowing that their child is on the roads using a driverless car that is less likely to cause an accident. Teen drivers today are distracted when they first begin to drive. With a driverless car, however, teens could possibly get distracted but would not cause an accident. The car could continue driving for them. If the cars could accelerate for the driver, they could also prevent the driver from speeding. This would prevent many young adults who are less experienced on the roads from being pulled over by a police officer and given a ticket. Many parents may also become distracted while driving with young children. Young children need attention from their parents, and while in a car children tend to distract their parents more often usual. When a parent looks away from the road and to the backseat where their child is sitting, even if they are only looking away for a few seconds, they could run into the oncoming lane of traffic or possibly a ditch. With driverless cars, these accidents could be prevented. As long as the parent or teenager has his or her hands on the steering wheel, the car will drive itself. With BMW's "Traffic Jam Assistant", the driver would be able to look away from the road and the car would still be able to steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. Incase of a work zone or accident, the driver would be notified and they would assert their attention back to the road. This "Traffic Jam Assistant" would be useful while a mother needed to tend to her child in the back seat or while a teenager talked on the phone to their friend. The driverless cars would not be justt for teenagers and middle aged people, they could be used by elders as well. Often you will hear on the news or radio about how an elderly person fell asleep at the wheel and rear-ended the car in front of them, sometimes causing a bad accident. With the driverless cars, elders could possibly fall asleep, or they could be just as distracted as a young adult on the road, and still not cause an accident. As you age, your senses start to dull and that impares your driving. This could possibly cause an accident. With the driverless car, elders can still drive and not have their dulled senses impare their driving. Driverless cars could save many lives each year and prevent numerous accidents.

Driverless cars could be a huge advance in today's society. Driverless cars are safer than a car driven by a person. They could possibly prevent accidents and many deaths each year. By using a car that could drive itself, you could make today's roads safer and easier to navigate. 