Dear Senator of Florida,

What is the point of people voting if they are not really getting a say in who they are really voting for? The Electoral College has a bigger say then the thousands of of people who vote. How can a group of peoples say mean more then thousands of people in the United States. Also, the "Winner-Take-All" sytem does not help anymore then the Electoral college does. What is so special about the Electoral College that they get picked specially to make their vote count on who wins or loses the election?

Their has been many mishappens because of the Electoral College. For example, from an excerpt called "The Idefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" says "The single argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disastor factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worst." This shows that the electoral college does do damage to the United States because they let a huge crisis happen during the elections. They could have let it get even worst because they allow it to and make it easy to make things worst in certain crisis.

I feel like you should give the people more of a say because half of the people that vote problably don't even know that they are not actually voting for the president. They probably vote thinking that they are voting for the president not for the electoral college to see who will end up on the board. The Electoral College is overall unfair to the voters. Voters pay to vote, to what pay the Electoral College to vote and make their say so important it is sad. The reason it is sad is because all kids want to do when their younger is vote because they feel like it symbolizes them growing up and like they get a real say in who the next president is or the senate anything just as longs as they get a say. But truthful their not getting a say in who will be the next senate, treasurer, or president their actually picking the board who will be picking for them.

Even the People once wanted to abolish the Electoral College. These People were Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO. Turned out their not the only ones according to the exerpt from "The Indefensible Electoral College: why even the best-laid defenses are wrong." is sates "They're not alone; according to a Gallup poll in 2000 taken shortly after Al Gore- thanks the quirks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of the voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." It also states that "This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidancy." This show how the elections are in a way screwed up because they already in a way know how many votes a certain person is going to get and how many votes the other person is going to get. They practicly alredy know who is going to win the election before the voting even begins because the board already has it all planned out.

So really thier is no need for the Electoral College because all they do is make the competion unfair for the other person going for the election. Also, because they have cause or been a part of problems and mishappens. In an article it mentions "Perhaps moat worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, were staes delegation vote on president." Also, when you are voting for the Vice-President you are not actually voting the senat picks who the Vice-President is. The Electoral College is overall unfair to the voters and the people running in the election.    