Summer projects have long been a popular way to ensure that students continue learning during their break. Ranging across subjects, summer assignments encompass everything from math packets to reading lists to art projects. These assignments can be either teacher- or student-designed -- two different styles of learning, but both with the goal of preparing for the upcoming year. Teacher-designed projects often focus on important information for the class and student-designed projects often focus on exploring their interests. While teacher-designed summer projects don't necessarily allow students to learn about what interests them, they give students the best preparation for the class ahead by emphasizing crucial topics and showing how the class will operate.

Teacher-designed summer projects prepare students for the course by ensuring that they know important background information that will help them succeed later in the year. For example, every summer, the math department at my high school posts review packets for each class; these packets are made and edited by the teachers each year and include what they have found to be the most crucial topics for students to understand in order to succeed in their classes. The teachers' experience and expertise make the packets beneficial for students, as all of the information they have selected is considered to be vital. This allows students to be fully prepared for the course, because if they understand all of the background information in the packet, then they have all the tools they need to learn and understand new material later in the year. It also ensures that students do not forget any information they learned in the previous year, or, if they did forget it, that they relearn it. In contrast, if students tried to design their own summer packet, they may waste time reviewing unimportant topics and completely ignore more crucial ones, leaving them ill-prepared for the year ahead.

Additionally, teacher-designed summer projects give students a glimpse of how the class will operate, allowing them to realize the tools needed to learn effectively. When teachers are able to create their own summer projects, they can show students the types of assignments that they will see in class, giving the students ample time to understand and adapt to the teacher's standards. They allow students to not only learn new information, but also new strategies and techniques that will help them succeed during the school year. For example, my friend who attends a neighboring high school had a summer assignment from her AP Language teacher, while I had none. She was able to learn all of the rhetorical techniques her teacher wanted her know, as well as how to approach that level of work, over the summer, leaving her well-prepared for the class when it started. I, however, faced a steep learning curve at the start of the year as I tried to figure out my AP Lang assignments while also trying to keep up with all my other schoolwork. Comparatively, my friend had a much eaiser time than I did because she already knew the neccessary skills, having learned it all over the summer. Therefore, teacher-designed summer projects allow students to see how their classes will operate during the school year and respond accordingly, giving them an easier, more prepared start to the year.

Despite these positives, some might argue that teacher-designed summer projects do not allow students to explore and learn about their own interests; however, this is not always the case. Teacher-designed summer assignments can be open-ended, allowing students to explore their interests within the confines of a certain theme or structure. For example, AP Studio Art students at my high school are required to create a portfolio over the summer with a set number of pieces about the same idea, but they can use any medium they wish, allowing them to express their individual personality and ability. So, while they have to meet certain requirements, they are free to explore new mediums and techniques, as well as showcase their creativity and character. Additionally, teachers can use summer projects as a type of diagnostic, allowing them to assess a class's abilities. If teachers find that the class has a strong grasp on certain skills, then they may be more inclined to allow more student-driven projects during the year. This would allow students to pursue their own interests later in the year, even if they did not have that opportunity over the summer. Teacher-designed summer projects do allow students to learn about what interests them, as long as certain requirements are met.

In the end, teacher-designed summer projects best prepare students for the upcoming year by ensuring that students posses crucial background information and by allowing them to understand the class requirements and operation beforehand. Teachers hold the most experience, making them the best candidates to show students the tools needed to succeed in their class. Additionally, they have the ability to give students a glimpse of their class, allowing them to learn the necessary information as well as adapt to the teacher's standards and practices. These opportunites combine to ensure that students are well-prepared for the year ahead, as they have been able to learn what they need to over the summer. Students are then able to start the school year off right, possessing the knowledge and skills required to learn effectively.