Dear TEACHER_NAME

What I think about community service is something that a lot of people do around the world. In church school the nuns tell the people in church school to do community service do that we help the nuns in everything or we clean the garbage that is thrown in the floor. My friend OTHER_NAME use to do community service when he was still in church school he was dong community service. I never did that when I was in church school. Some people say is fun cause you meet new people and you learn new things in the world. People that I know still do community service. They say that sometimes they get paid when they do something. you could even do is when there is snow on the ground and nobody have shoveled the snow you should do it . If the person was a old person and they cant do it themselves.

We help other people that's something nice you could do. I help a little second grader do his homework but he has problems. When he's writing his hand start to shake a lot now is a year helping him now his hand doesn't shake at all. His parents say that he have learned a lot of things from me and I'm happy that they say that. My mom say to thank god that I got that job now I could buy something with my own money that I need to buy in school or clothes or shoes that I want. That's why when I grow up I wanna be a teacher I'm learning to be a teacher with the little kid. It's fun and you remember everything that you did in elementary school. Sometimes you forget but you remember or the little kid shows me.

People could even help the old person taking they're grocery to the car. You could do a lot of things for community services. You could wash the dishes for your mom or clean the house. they're a lot of things you could do. I think that Ms. TEACHER_NAME

should let us have community service. People are lazy to do community service. Because they just wanna chill around with they're friends and they don't do they're homework. I do my homework every Friday I don't like doing it Saturdays or Sundays. I always get lazy or I go and chill with my friends. My mom doesn't like me being in the house locked so she lets me go outside and chill with my friends or I go with her to go shopping to the mall or we go to my brother house. I use to like being locked now I don't cause my head starts to hurt I feel like if I was in jail. The people that are bored being at home should do community service.