Asking for advice from different people can help people make better choices. Asking multiple people for advice can give someone a better solution to their problem that they might not have thought to use, or help them make a correct decision between two choices. Even if a person is faced with an easy decision like choosing an outfit, sometimes they might just want a little help deciding. It is always good to make the best decision possible and asking multiple people can help people make decisions.

Asking for advice from multiple people can give people different ways to resolve their problems. A shy person may have a different view than a super chatty person. For example, my friend skipped four questions in an english assignment; she hit submit on her computer and got four questions wrong because she did not see them. She could not talk to the teacher because she had a substitute that day. She asked two friends, one was a little shy and the other one was super chatty. The shy friend said to email her teacher telling her what my friend accidently did, the other friend said that she should wait until the teacher was back and talk to her in person. She did not think of emailing her teacher and explaining what happened. It is more likely she would have waited until her teacher was back and then not gotten full credit on her assignment. Talking to multiple people gave her a solution that she would not have thought to use and worked better better than her original idea.

Sometimes people need advice choosing between two solutions for their problems. If someone can't decide which is the better solution for their problem, asking multiple people can help. An example of this would be when I got invited to two birthday parties on the same day that were almost the same time. One birthday party was for my friend who I had not seen in a little over a month, while while the other birthday party was for my cousin who I saw quite often, but I would feel bad missing his party. I asked three friends whether I should go to my cousin's or my friend's birthday party. Two of my friends said to go to my friend's birthday party and one of my friends said to go to my cousin's birthday party. I decided to go to my friend's birthday party because I hadn't seen her in a while and I missed her. I also decided I would take my cousin out to dinner to celebrate his birthday. I am very glad that I talked to my friends because they helped me make the best choice that was possible.

In conclusion, asking for advice from multiple people can help a person make the best choice possible. Whether it is an easy or a hard decision everyone needs advice at somepoint and asking more than one person can help decision making. If someone needs help deciding between two things, or thinking of a solution to their problem, asking multiple people can make their decision a little easier. With all the decisions people make in life, making every decision as easy as possible is the best thing people can do.  