I agree that some schools should let students do summer projects sometime over the summer. My main reasons are: staying active, not being lazy, and keeping your brain and yourself on track . During the summer you should want to go out and enjoy the outside world, you can do other things as well and to be creative about things for your school summer project, other than staying indoors and deciding to only sit around and do nothing.

First, the reason I said to stay active is because when you are outside you never know what you will find or discover if you are doing a project, or just simply exploring the world or the envoirment you live in. Discovering new things helps you think about nature and physical activity that is happening all around you. If you are doing a specific project, then maybe you should look for certain things outside, or even think about what would be great to add on to your project. Stay focused and try to look forward into new things that you see for your summer project.

Secondly, for my reason of not being lazy is mostly saying that instead of being at home watching television commercials, or being on your phone all the time, maybe even just sitting and play video games is way worse than enjoying yourself. You could be missing so much fun things that are just waiting for you to explore with outside. It could be new animals you never seen before, something interesting that you might want to experience or hanging with friends. They can even help you on your project to if you want them to join as well. Don't just sit around and put boring things on your project, or words that dont make any since to you or the topic of the project. You want to be creative with your ideas think positive about finding new things and most importantly ,have fun with what you are doing.

Although, you might not be lazy but you must have your brain and yourself on track at all times. School projects are made for you to have fun while doing them, and to meet new people if you are working in groups , or even if you are by yourself and still have positive thoughts for you and your project then everything its going just fine. You must make sure that you feel comfortable to do your school project and to have all the things you need to make your project creative, strong, and well written. Over the summer, you want to go places to enjoy your self and not to sit around and be off tasks all day long.

This section might be a little off topic but I just wanted to say , whatever you do over your summer break is up to you. You can be outside having fun or maybe even inside as well enjoying yourself. Some people would not like to do a creative project outside sometimes but that is okay as well because you can do your project inside too. A lot of times, projects can be for fun or just to be graded when you come back to school. While you are doing your project, it helps you learn more over the summer break and you become interested to do certain things over the break and thats fine to. Being creative is another way of saying, you got this no matter what.

In conclusion, have fun with your project. Don't be afraid to do anything with your project that mainly talks about you or what you like to do in your life. Doing projects makes kids want to do them more over time, and then they might just might, be able to describe many things specifically for their projects. Learning on the other hand, makes you think more than just to not think at all. Just remember, while you are doing these projects once again you must continue to have fun with them. Tell about your life, family, or other and to have a great summer as well.