Many believe that the "Face On Mars" was created by aliens. I believe it is just a natural landform. People believe that is was created by aliens because it "resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth."

I still don't believe aliens was the cause of this unique landform.

First off, I don't believe in aliens and second, even if they do or did exist how could they create such a creative landform?

If aliens do exist, how would they know what a human looks like? I believe it is just an illusion.

Many weird, unique, creative landforms are found around Earth that weren't human made, so just because there is a unique landform on Mars we believe aliens formed the landfrom? I believe scientists and other people this to start rumors or just want everyone to believe people say this to get a rise out of every one else. Also, I think they just want it to be big news, "Aliens are real and we have evidence!" or something that will get a rise out of everyone.

"Michael Malin and his Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture ten times better than the original Vikings photos. "Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing . . . a natural landfrom. "There was no alien monument after all."

That is some evidence that aliens didn't create this landform and that it is just a natural, very unique and creative, landform. Natural landforms are everywhere, even different planets. There are many natural landforms on the moon, but no one says there is aliens living on the moon.

So, I hope this explains to you that aliens did NOT create this landform, it is a natural landform.

The only difference is is that it is on a different planet instead of Earth. I believe that's why everyone thinks aliens created it. Like I said before, natural landforms are everywhere, they're natural so of course they'll be everywhere. So, don't let some person with no evidence tell you there are aliens on Mars and they it for a fact because someone else said it was true. If you ever want to be a scientist, you need to find your own evidence or make sure whoever you got the evidence from is correct. Also, you NEED to be skeptical.                   