Have you ever wondered why the citizens of a country have the opportunity to voice their opinion in which who they feel should be president. Well i found some information in source 1 that talks about electoral college. Electoral college is not a place but its a process that was found in the constitution as a compromise between election of president by the votes in congress and election oof the president by a popular votes of qualified citizens of the country. I think that they shouldn't change to popular vote in the United States because the electoral college is more fair and plus they don't know the outcome of the election of the popular votes of the prsident of the United States.

I support the electoral college because it allows you to voice your opinions in which who you feel should been president. It's also makes you feel that once you voted that your opinion matters. In source 1 they talk about when the "Presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday afterthe first Monday in November." also you help choose youir state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for yor candidate you are actually voting for you candidate's electors.  In source 2 they explain it in more details. "Under the electoral college system, voters votes not for thre president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." They mean that don't matter if you vote for "John Kerry" and he's a Democratic and the number of whoever pledge to Kerry would be added on to his votes. thats why i like the electoral college.

But one the other hand, there saying that they might change it to the election of the popular votes of the president of the United States. I think they should keep using the electoral college because it actually have better benefits or outcomes because you know who you voted for and from what they told you, you believe they can make it happen. There's some states that have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate.

But the bad side about the electoral college is that what happens if thr president you like is a republican but you like the democratic senator? Well i dont know what your going to do then because going to be a problem.

Electoral college is not a place but its a process that was found in the constitution as a compromise between election of president by the votes in congress and election oof the president by a popular votes of qualified citizens of the country. I think that they shouldn't change to popular vote in the United States because the electoral college is more fair and plus they dont know the outcome of the election of the popular votes of the prsident of the United States.            