Dear Principal,

I understand your reasoning in wanting us students to do community service, But quiet frankly, we have enough things to do. I know that community service is a good thing to do but we also need to look out for ourselves. We have schoolwork that needs to be completed, extracurricular activities to do, and chores back home that need to be completed, we just wouldn't have enough time!

Our schoolwork is a major priority to us children. We need to complete it so that we can understand things so we can grow up to get a good college, and have a good future. Our parents and even you put enough stress on us about these things so why would you go ahead and give us more things to do when we already have a lot of stress on our backs. We have about 7 class a day all which assign at least 30 to 45 minutes of hard core studying and working. Multiply that by 7 and you get about 4 to 5 hours of homework per night. sure that's not every night but when it is its hard. This leads me in another reason why this extra chore is unnecessary.

Sports! Clubs! we have these thing too you know. and after our 8 hours of school add this on and it almost makes it 12 hours. plus our homework, do you really think that we would have enough tine to waltz out into the wilderness and pick up trash every day for another 2?!!?! When someone joins a sports team they make a commitment to do their best and try hard. How hard do you think we could try when we are tired from working every day?? This inst a jail, we have enough stuff to do that can fill up our day. And quiet frankly i don't think that any one would even participate in this even if it was required, it is just to much of a burden on us students.

We also have to go home and do some choirs, foils some laundry, take a shower, and eat. That to takes up another hour, lets add it up 8 hours at school 2 hours at sports 2 at community service (which is what you want)

+

1 at home...

_____________

That's already 13 hours of the day, and who knows, maybe someone had more things to do, like sports out of school, or scouts, or dance. The possibility are endless and adding this could makes someone day could make it torturous. This also leaves us no down time to read, relax, or watch T.V.

Please Mr. Principal please do not add anything new to our requirements for school, we have enough stuff to do and we don't need to come to school back to back exhausted from doing sports, chores, work, and school work. It is just unnecessary. Please take all of this into consideration and try to understand this reasoning