When there is snow in the forecast, students and teachers alike eagerly await a call from Generic_Name, the beloved public information officer for Generic_City Public Schools. Cheers are heard across the county when his voice is heard on the phone announcing that school will be closed due to the weather. Both students and teachers embrace the well-needed break, using the time off to catch up on grading, get some much needed sleep, relax, pursue hobbies, or hang out with friends. Continuing the learning process on these days off would lead to stress for unprepared teachers and sleep-deprived students. However, when snow days and other such holidays start to build up, classes may fall behind in the curriculum. This would lead to teachers rushing to cover all the material before the AP test or state-mandated final exam, and students struggling to understand the new material so quickly. When this happens, distance learning could be utilized to continue covering the curriculum in a timely fashion. While distance learning has its benefits, it should only be used in extreme circumstances because it does not offer the same environment for learning as a traditional classroom, undermines the relationships built in schools, and has a negative effect on students' mental health.

First off, distance learning cannot offer the same level of personalized learning and support that a teacher in a traditional classroom environment can. A teacher who knows their students can better tailor the lessons to them based on their learning styles and needs. For example, a teacher could dedicate more time in class to review logarithmic functions with games or act out

Romeo and Juliet to help the students better understand the concepts. Activities such as these that are beneficial to students are not possible through distance learning, and could harm a student's level of understanding about a topic. Additionally, it is harder for students to get help when they do not understand new material or need clarification through distance learning. Traditionally, students can ask their teachers questions, visit their teachers during their office hours or study hall, or meet with a peer tutor. For distance learning, a student would have to video call or email their teacher, but it is much harder to explain or understand concepts without being able to meet in person. If both are possible options, a traditional classroom offers better education and support for the students; however, in cases where it is not possible to access a school for an extended period of time due to dangerous road conditions or the threat of a novel virus, for example, distance learning is a good alternative to stay on track and finish teaching everything in the curriculum and therefore be prepared for exams.

Secondly, distance learning cannot foster student-teacher relationships or student-student relationships like a traditional school can. When students see their teachers everyday or every other day, not only do they learn about the subject matter, but also about each other as people. When students have a good relationship with a teacher, they seek advice from their teachers, ask for teacher recommendations, and talk about their successes and shortcomings both within the subject area and outside of school. The impact of this type of relationship can often be felt long after graduation. In addition, it is also much easier for a student to discuss with or ask questions to someone they feel comfortable around. A teacher that is unknown or only seen through a video conference feels foreign and awkward, making communication and understanding difficult. Then there are relationships between students: close friend groups, couples, study groups, and lab partners, all important parts of high school. Students build relationships that foster discussion and learning, as well as support each other emotionally. Musical ensembles, honor societies, volunteer organizations, sports teams, and student government, among other extracurriculars, would not be possible without physically meeting. Activities like these build close connections by bringing together people who share similar interests and impart specific knowledge outside of the core classes. Overall, collaboration between students teaches vital communication, teamwork, and leadership skills that are necessary regardless of profession and can only be gained through shared experience.

Finally, distance learning does not have the tools that schools do to help students struggling with their mental health. In schools, there are counselors, coaches, teachers, and friends who can identify if a student is not doing well and get them the help they need. Without interacting in person, it is hard to tell if a student is struggling and in need of help. This type of attention could be the difference between life or death in extreme cases, and should not be overlooked. In fact, more and more schools are placing a greater emphasis on mental illness and stress. Schools often encourage students to engage in de-stressing activities such as yoga, meditation, or sports. Because the focus of distance learning is purely learning, there is no emphasis on the well-being of students, a practice that could lead to detri mental consequences for students in the long-run.

With the advent of new technologies, learning from the comfort of one's own home has become more popular. However, it cannot offer as much as a traditional school in terms of education, relationships, and mental health. More importantly, distance learning would rob students (and teachers) of the sheer joy of a snow day and the healing properties that come with one. Therefore, distance learning should be viewed as a last resort for when instruction is too far behind due to having to miss school for a long period of time. 