I believe that choosing the president of the United States should be choosen by popular vote and not by the Electoral Collage. I believe this way because I think that the people should have the right to choose who represent their country, not the House of Representatives/Senate. The Electoral College in most cases is unfair to most voters because of the whole "winner-take-all policy". Some states have less electoral votes given to them and that may seem unfair to some. The Electoral College method is basically electors that elect the president and not the people which I think is completely useless.

I believe that the best argument should be between the people and not members of the Electoral College. The most worrying part of using the Electoral College to vote for the president and vice president insteded of using the peoples votes is that the elections are just being thrown to the House of Representatives, where the state delegates choose the president and the Senate will choose the vice president. Candidates dont't spend time in states they know will have no chance of winning. they only focus on the tight races in "swing states" that are most likely to pay closes attention to the campaign. The Electoral College puts most of the weight on the large states because of their large populations.

Getting rid of the Electoral College is a better decison for the people so they get a say in how they want their county to be and not how the goverment wants the country to be. If we use the peoples vote we would get more accurate votes and it would be fair for everyone. The Electorlal College is pretty much what the government wants rather than what the people want which is why many citizens have problems with our current president, so if the people could just get a say in who they think should run the country they should. When we vote for a presidential candidate we are actually voting for a slate of electors and not for the president. Some of the smaller states don't get to see any campaign ads like the larger states do so they are basically putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters.

The Electoral College is hurting our county because we are not getting the accurate votes we think we're getting. Citizens are not going to want to vote anymore because of how unfair these campaigns are. Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think a single vote may decide an election.                          