Plan My claim would have to be that computers who identify human emotions would be a valubale thinkg because many students come to class felling down or sad sometimes and instead of them keeping i to them selves.

Somebody would hopefully be kind enough and ask if there doing okay or if they need somebody to talk to instead of just having to go thruogh it them selves, just like a child going thru depresion at the end of the day you want to look for those children and help them. But another think would be why would we need this in class instead of using money for this technology they should fix the schools and bring more learning experiences around the country instead of wasting money to see how somebody is feeling youll make somebody happy by just saying have a wonderful day today like the person grading this test i hope you have a wonderful day and i hope at the end of the day i pass this because its a big part of high school and im clearly not the smartest student but at the end of the day i get what i have to do done and dont complain but this invension would be a good project to go around at the airport or banks just to see peoples reaction when they walk in and as there going out to see the diffrence of there face reactions. the mona lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile while it shows how much this computer can do,imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad, thatll be really creapy once it knows how you're feeling.

LIke example "if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen a similar ad might follow. but if you frown the next ad will be different." this sounds good so when you want certain kind of apps to pop up but once the system knows how youre feeling is another thing instead of seeing how im feeling they should help out people in need who need the help to help them keep there emotions better, Also crazy how theis technology would make it easy for a computer to recongnize when a student is becoming confused or bored. My claim would have to be that I would wan this in my class or around my school beacuse i personaly feel like many students will come into school with a diffrent mood if they knew there expresions or feelings are all being detected, instead of them coming sad theyll probabaly chear up a bit since they maybe dont want anybody to know how there feeling and itll try to hid it and change there mood from what it was at first. This process all beigins with a computer that constructs a 3-D computer model of the face, all 44 major muscles in the model unit must move like a human muscles. Some coding system facial expressions that its going to be able to read is six basic emotions like happiness,surprise, anger, disgust, fear ,and sadness, many people are not gonna like the idea of this beause people don want to let everbody know what they are feeling or what there thinking of.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    