Have you ever had to make a tough decision but you just couldn't because it was to hard? Sounds familiar right. Well you probably didn't have made that decision because you didn't have multiple viewpoints. Don't worry though. Many people struggle with the same thing. It's hard to make snap decisions if you don't have different viewpoints on it. Many people say that it's easier to make hard decisions with different viewpoints and, I agree. It's better to make a decision when you have multiple opinions because you can find new viewpoints, have an outsiders opinion and, you could discover relevant information about the topic that could persuade your decision.

When I make a decision I seek out others for their opinion. This has helped me with the decision making process and it can help you as well. Every single day you make decisions. These decisions effect your life. For example one time I had to choose between quitting lacrosse or quitting acting classes. I loved both activities and, it was hard to choose one or the other. So, I asked my mom and she gave me her opinion. This was very helpful because if I had made the decision on my own, I wouldn't have been able to find another viewpoint and the decision I made would've effected my life forever. The opinion my mom gave was to skip lacrosse practice one day a week for my acting classes. Acting was only one day a week and lacrosse was three days a week.

I liked this option. I wouldn't have discovered it if my mom hadn't given me her opinion. It's better to find new viewpoints because there may be other option that you hadn't thought of. This option could also effect your life. It's harder to see the other options you have if you don't seek multiple opinions.

Another reason you should seek other opinions is because it's good to have an outsiders opinion. Say your making a big decision. Maybe Its a personal one or one at school or work. The decisions we make today will effect others. Sometimes positively and sometimes negatively. If you have an outsiders opinion, most likely you will become more empathetic. In our brain we usually only think of our own opinion. Our viewpoint. But, there are two sides to every story. We often forget about our peers opinions when making a decision. Having an outsiders opinion can help you learn other peoples opinions and point of views on the situation and it can help you learn how your decision can effect others. Maybe their opinion can help ween you in a different direction.

Lastly, I think its a good idea to seek multiple opinions because you can learn new information that can effect your decision making. The other day I was watching a movie. The movie was about a court case in which jurors had to decide if a man was innocent or guilty. The trial gave a lot of useful information that was used in the decision making but, as they went deeper into the mystery, more information was brought to the table. At first twelve out of the thirteen men thought that the man was guilty but as more and more information was discovered by the man one man who though he was innocent, slowly the other jurors who once thought the man was guilty thought he was innocent. At the end of the movie the man was in fact innocent. If that one juror hadn't brought new information that was relevant to the case, they probably would've given the man a improper accusation. This is a great example of how having many opinions can bring relevant information to a decision.

In conclusion, I think it's better to seek multiple opinions. Some could say that it's not helpful because its your own decision and only you can make it but, I think its better to have other opinions because you can find new view points, you can have a outsiders opinion and you can discover more useful information that is relevant to the topic. So next time you try to make a tough decision, make sure to get multiple opinions. Having those opinions can help you be more empathetic, speed up your decision making, help ween you in a different direction and help you make a decision that you change you life for the better.  