Everyone has a role in the community: such as citizens , mayors , senators , or even presidents. These high roles are selected by the citizens within the community. Some people have a technique of who they vote for but everyone follow the same system, the Electoral College. "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." - souce 1 . The Electoral College gives citizens that meet the criteria a chase to vote.

The Electoral College is a system use for citizens to pick who they would like to make and force the laws. "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congess."- Source 1. It's many steps to picking a president. You have to pick candidates and those candidates have their share of electors, which are chosen by a political party under certain qualifications. "The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are . . . ." -source 1.

The Electoral College has many flaws that can happen but is unlikely to happen. The citizens really don't vote for the president, they put they trust in an electors hand to choose the right President. "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed). . ."-Source 3. Its unlikely for the trust to be betrayed but it has happened during the Gore vs. Bush campaign in 2000. The Electoral College, despite its lack of democratic history, have five practical reasons for retaining- Certainty of Outcome, the President chosen becomes everyone president, some states are swing states, some are big states, and they try to avoid run-off elections.

"At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters."-source 2. While others may want to get rid of the Electoral College due to the unfairness it brings, others may feel different and would like to keep it going due to it given the citizens a choice. "You help choose your state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidates's electors."-Source 1.

"Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political prefereance rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. . . ."-source 3. The electoral college should continue to help citizens vote for campaign runners role in the community because it provides the citizens a choice and also a voice. A vote may not change a election but every vote will count and make a difference.               