Even though you may believe that keeping the electoral college is a great idea and a benefit to all, its not. Americans votes no longer count when having the electoral college and do not vare for our opinion on whom we believe should become our president, they decide in what they think is bvest for us. "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irtrational". (Plumer, paragraph 14.) Most americns believe that the elcetoral college is unfair and voting has become a waste of their time and that there is no neeed to vote if their votes no longer count.

Our votes do not count and we are no longer in control. "Most states have a winner take all system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate." (The Office Of The Florida Register, paragraph 7) Therefore no matter who wants what iif that is what the electoral college decides thats what goes, And many americans are getting tired of doing pointless voiting if it doesnt even matter. "Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for congress, the house selection can hardly be excpected to reflect the will of the people." (Plumer, paragraph 12) Yes, The electoral college might be voting for what they think is best for us, but whats best for us might not be want we want, it might not be what we think is best for us why does are vote no longer count? "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee - and that trust is rarely betrayed ... [; however,] is is entirely possible that the winner of the elctoral vote will not win the national popular vote" ( Posner, paragraph 16)

Our votes are just a back up plan and we are not important. "The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast." (Posner, paragraph 22) If the eclectoral college leads to a tie our votes become the tie braker but that method has never been use so why are we even voting? " It is the electors whyo elect the president, not the people." (Posner, paragraph 15) Because the electoral college is voting for which "package" they think is best they believe that our opinions are unimportant and they know what is best beyond what we believe. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for the slate of elecetors, who in turn elect the president." (Plumer, paragrph10) Our votes are just a second optiion and is not resonible and fair to each and every american who truly believe that they can make a diffrenece when they truly cant because they are an "extra."

All in all the electoral college should not be kept. Most americans now believe that we are not important and voting is just a waste of time which is currently true and fighting againt the truth is not going anywhere. Loose electoral college or loose active americans.    