Started with the founding fathers. The Electoral College was founded and swung into the constitution, as a compromise between Congress and the President with a popular and electoral vote. Now that time has evolved and the world has changed. The Electoral College is not in the favor of everyones expectations, it seems like it favors one side more than it favors others. The Electoral College should be changed to election by popular vote, because it is an unfair way of choosing the president, it is also known as a non-democratic method of having one side favored, and it can cause catastrophe.

Intially, the Electoral College should be changed to election by popular vote, because it is an unfair way of choosing presidents. The Electoral College has been around for centuries, but now people feel as if the way presidents are being chose to run our country is unfair. The Electoral College is an unfair way of choosing presidents, by it being known as a winner-take-all system. Stated in the passage, "Candidates don't spend time in the states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states." The candidates in the "lame" states did not even see a single campaign ad. The swing states have a higher chance and more likely to see their campaign ads, because they are the more popular states. The more popular states are "the most thoughtful votes, and should be the ones to decided the election." Swing states get campaign ads, they are the ones who are being favored, while there are other states just trying to get a campaign sign, and get their votes recognized.

Also, the Electoral College can be known as a non-democratic method. When something is non-democratic, it means that it is not in the democrats favor. It is a rap for them, its already set for the Republicans to win. Stated in the passage, "In a modern sense . . . it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. When you vote for presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors." Democrats may cast in their vote for presidential candiate comes with a group of electors, they see the electoral college as favorable towards the Republican group.

Next, the Electoral College should be changed, because it causes catastrophe. When voting for president, it puts the electors in charge. "Electors can be anyone not holding public office." One may never know how much the elector is trustworthy, and responsible. Some may not even feel comfortable with leaving the electors in charge of such cases. People feel uneasy, because they do not know what happens behind close doors, they are never certain on who's hands can change things for the benefit of themselves. The citizens and the people may not be comforatbe with such things.

But, as much as the Electoral College may not seem beneficial and fair to some it can be a good thing also. Stated in the passage "Election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where delegations vote on the president." Us people, us as citizens would not even be in charge or have a say so in who runs our country. We would not even have a choice or chance to vote and see who is worthy and most honorable in our eyes to be our president. Some may be lucky on the Representative choices on who the Electors and our Presidents would be, but also some may be dissatisified. The favor will only be in the representaives place. And the odds will be onto us. The Electoral College is not ran by the Representatives. We have a say so.

Finally, the Electoral College should be changed to election by popular vote, because it is an unfair way of choosing the president, it is also known as a non-democratic method of having one side favored, and it can cause catastrophe. The Electoral College shows a wide range of it either being a good or a bad way on voting.                