Dear State senator , You should keep the electoral college , beacuse For one theres alot of electors like around 538. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. Then after the presidental election , your governor prepares a 'Certificate of Ascertainment ' listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your state along with the names of their respective electors.

To begin with under the 23rd amendment of the constitution ,"The District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the electoral college" and for that saying , in the  following discussion , the  word state also refers to the district of columbia. Also Each and every candidate that is running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors."The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party , but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are."

Foremost , under the electoral college system , voters vote not for the persident , but for a slate of electors , who in turn elect the president."Who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding public office. Who picks the electors in the  first place? it depends on the state. Now i understand sometimes at state conventions , Partys , central committee , sometimes the presidental candidates themselves , Also sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate."The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the electoral college is what we might call the  disaster factor. Its Basically whenever theres a  really good argument thats what its called.

Subconstantquintly , Sometimes most people worry about the prospect of a tie in the elections vote. "In That case , the election would be thrown to the house of representatives , where state delegations vote on the president." At the most basic level , the electoral college is unfair to voters. "because of the winner-take-all system in each state , candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning , focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. Then now its official " The electoral college is unfair , outdated , and irrational." The best arguments in favor of it in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality.

To end with , Thats why you should keep the electoral college because ,  You should keep the electoral college , beacuse For one theres alot of electors like around 538. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. Then after the presidental election , your governor prepares a 'Certificate of Ascertainment ' listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your state along with the names of their respective electors.                    