Dear State Senator,

I disagree with the Electoral College and believe we, the voters, should be souly responsible for determining our President. The Electoral College is not fair to the citizens of our state. When we vote for something, we want our vote to determine our President, not determine who our electors will vote for.

When a member of their party votes, they may not always vote for that particular party's candidate. For instance, if the Democratic elect for 2016 had an aspect he planned to bring to Washington D.C., that a member of the Democratic party didn't agree with, they should be able to vote for whoever they please. Same goes for the electors, who may swing to the opposite party that particular year.

In the case of a tie, I do however agree that it should then be up to state senators to take into consideration both candidates and go over their key aspects. Then they can choice what will be most beneficial to our country and what will in the long run help our great state and country as well.

I do not think their should be swing states. I think that the exact votes of the citizens should be counted and go only on that. It should not matter the state or region the voter is in. Instead of voters supmitting a ballot at the local voting site, I think the voter should be able to vote online at a local voting center. In the past, voting has got miss-counted and I think that a more accurate means of voting would be to do it online. That way papers cannot get lost and a computer can count vote so human error does not occur.

I also highly agree with the statement from paragraph 23 that states, "It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state..." This is true with states particularly in the North who are made up of mostly Democratic and the South being mainly Republican. After the decisions made by the current president Obama, I think many Democratics will want to try something different after seeing all that has not been accomplished under Obama as of 2015.

I hope Senator, you will take into consideration my statement.

Best Regards,

Hannah Strickland    