Hello everyone I am Luke the Seagoing Cowboy. Today. I think it will be a great opportunity for you too by joining the Seagoing Cowboys program. And here let me tell you why.

I started with a help of my friend because I had no choice. He introduced me after the world war II where people still live in the ruins and are starving. It was a good thing for me back then because I had no hope. And that is how it started.

When i joined the program it was hard definaty it a job after all my main purpose was to go of to the seas to another country and help poeple in needs. Through that I was able to go to alot of places, but moving wasent a easy job. I had time when I broke my ribs and could not even work for our crew and that is not all the tides in the oceans are strong very strong and if you were the night watcher too bad. I turned 18 when i was in way to Greece. I was able to be darte d for military service and they said to countine my military service. I also admit but it was a great oppertunity for me. There is also a fun side. When all the cattles were gone our crew was able to stay and play games like vollyball tabletennis,boardgames and lot more it is definatly worth it do ing hard work for all that. You could also tour the citys I visited the Acropolis,the Gondola ride in Venice,excavaded castle in Crete,Panama Canal an the way to China. So now lets go to the actuall reasons why you should join the program:

1. You can tour big places while you are there. That is one of the big reasons I joined the program 2. You can really be aware of waht is going on. I saw th ruins and it was really bad horrible all houses colasped...

3. You can help people in need and are starving for food even though they did not do any thing wrong. I felt really pitty for them beacase the war has not started because of them and they are starvng well for no reason.

I really think that you guys should join the program,ofcourse there are though times, but seeing people get satisfied by my work and visting places for free it is definatly worth at least trying out for this program. This program changed my life it might change yours too.   