In the passage the Author suggests studying Venus is a worthy pursuit desite the dangers it presents. In the first paragraph the author says ¨Venus, sometimes called the Evening Star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot.¨. In that quote it is saying that the Evening star is so bright that someone is not really paying attention could see it because it is so bright it can not be missed. It is also saying that it is one of the brightest points of light which means if you are lost you could look up and hopefully see that star and it will give you some light to find your way. Another quote from paragraph one is ¨However, this nickname is misleding since Venus is actually a planet. In our solar system, Venus is the second planet from our sun¨. This quote means that even though Venus looks like a star because it extremely bright, and shows off an extreme amout of light it is a planet. Many people mistake Venus as a star but once they find out it is a planet they are amazed because of the brightness of it. In paragraph two it says ¨Often referred to as Earths ¨twin¨, Venus is the closest planet to earth in tearms of density and size, and occasionally the closest distance to earth¨. In that quote it is saying that Venus is known as Earths twin because of the size. The Earth and Venus are about the same size. It also says that Earth and Venus have about the same density as each other. In my opinion I think that the planets should all be different sizes and densities because of the fact that everything is different. When it comes to planets they should all be different sizes, so that people can easily point out the planets and be able to name them easily and not get them mixed up because of them looking the same size in the atomosphere. In the passage in paragraph three it says ¨A think atomosphere of almost 97% carbon dioxide blankes Venus¨. In this quote it states that most of Venus is covered in carbon dioxide. If scientists wanted to go study Venus they would have to have many layers of protection on because carbon doxide can be very harmful to the human body. Especially since the carbon dioxide percentage is so high it can extrmely hurt the human body of anyone that goes to Venus to study it. My thoughts on this topic are that if they want to study it they should send up a professional to put something on Venus that can dectect any movement or anything on the planet. They should do that so the scientists wanting to study Venus can study it from a safe distance and out of harms way.