Would you be able to do what Luke Bomberger did? Just step right up folkes and sign up for free today! We cattle boat sailers don't give up we are resilient. I bet you are resilient to so sign up. You get to travel get to see some places you never seen before. Sometimes you might even go on a avanture. If you dont believe me you can scrutinize this sign up sheet. The ocean wheather can get surreal but we cattle boat sailers dont give up! You get to see China you'll see Europe. While your traveling you get to haul horses and cattle. The horses will have enough food to last for the trip the record for the most trips is nine trips aint that crazy. Well if you sign up today you might be the one to beat that record so get started by signing up right now for free today.

While your out at sea you can see some surreal things like new kind of fish you never seen or some new kind of shark you never even knew about. Life of being a cattle boat sailer is not bad it is kind of fun. Your driving this big ship with horses by your self. Just picture youself out at sea with the wind blowing threw you hair the sound of the ocean the sunset. You can do all those fantastic things all you got to do is sign up now today. We need moore sailers to help us get these cattle to there destination. The best sailer we had was Luke Boberger he holds the record of the most trips. Luke was as audacious like a lion in the wild. Luke loved doing what he did. The trips Luke had done were unbelieveable.

You get to be at sea with youself a bunch of horses and if you want a friend. With the ocean wheather you might loose some cattle but its okay as long as you get the rest of the cattle to the destination. We have had some brave and strong sailers but we need more. We need audacious and fearless sailers. If you sign up you'll get the im-not-gonna-regret-this kind of feeling. CRACK!Is what the boat does whenever you hit a rock but you wont have to pay for the damage we will. If you want to work for us more than two years the boat you drive will be yours thats right folkes well give you the boat. All you got to do is sign your name and well even throw in a free sailer out fit with new shoes and hat. Once you get the hang of it you'll be like this is a peace of cake. The boat comes with a horn that will-tell-everyone-the-boat-is-okay and so are you,but all you have to do is sign a couple of papers and fill some documents out.

We sailers get to travel all arounf the world inmagine how much money you'll get. The pay is also great. You might have to risk your life sometimes but you'll be fine. This is all your decision. What the papers say is about your health care,what kind of cattle do you prefer to sail with intell six months later. These are all you decisions but we do need some resilient sailer to help us. Luke Bomberger would of wanted you to help us sail these poor animals. so please sign up today for free.   