Schools are incorporating more and more technology into their educational systems, and soon they may become completely digital. Currently, some schools have been offering distance learning to students: a type of system where students can attend classes from home through a digital device. The classes would be done either online or through video conferencing. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because disabled and mentally ill students would be more comfortable, and all the class notes would be online and easily accessible.

By having distance learning as an option, many disabled and mentally ill students would be more comfortable. As a person suffering from anxiety and ADHD, I find it very hard to be comfortable or adjust in a classroom setting. I can't initiate social interaction and oftentimes can't focus on what my teachers are saying. If I could take classes digitally, I could talk to other people by text, which is much easier to do than conversing in the same room. I would be able to pay attention to my teachers because it is from the comfort of my own home; additionally, I would have the option to re watch videos at my own pace should I miss anything. This will allow students who think slowly to be able to catch up with the rest of the class. Building on to that, some students are physically disabled and can't move to different places efficiently or safely. A student I know uses a big wheelchair, and another student I know always has to have medical equipment with him in case of an emergency. With distance learning, students will not have to travel to school every day. Thus, students with disabilities do not need to risk their health just to get an education. They will feel much safer learning and interacting from a secure and comfortable location. Thus, disabled and mentally ill students would be more comfortable if they could attend classes from home.

Having classes online or through video conferencing means that all the class notes would be online and very easy to access. When making up work for an absent day, I have to physically seek out my teacher and ask him or her for the class material. Because of my anxiety, this simple action is much harder for me than for most other students. If all the notes and assignments were online, I wouldn't be stressed and could make up work more easily. It would save time for many other students as well, especially for those who are very busy and cannot afford the time to hunt down missing assignments. In addition, I and many other students have lost our notes and homework in the past. This has resulted in a poor grade or a failed test. By having all the notes and assignments we need be easily accessible, students would not be worried about losing papers or have to constantly carry a giant binder with them. If students could access all their notes and assignments, they would get better grades and perform better in class as well. The test score average would also increase because students have everything they need to study at their fingertips. If students attended classes online or through video conferencing, class notes would be very easy to access, which would help them get good grades in school.

Some people may say that distance learning will prevent you from having any meaningful interaction with your teachers or peers; however, it is still possible to communicate effectively online. Because classes will take place on digital devices, it is possible for students to text or even call their teachers and classmates. If people have an issue with the fact that you cannot see the other person's face, there is always the possibility of video calling him or her. Communicating online is arguably just as good if not better than communicating face to face. Students who have difficulty interacting with other people have the option to simply text or email them, while students who have no problem socializing can call them. Letting students choose a communication method will allow them to be comfortable in their working environment and motivate them to try their best to learn.

If classes were taken digitally at home, it would be helpful for students because all the class notes would be easily accessible, and disabled and mentally ill students would be more comfortable. Students' academic performances would increase because they would feel more relaxed learning at home and wouldn't be worried about losing class material, since it is all digital. In the near future all the schools you attend may be taking place inside the comfort of your own home.