DOES ELECTORAL COLLEGE WORK?

I think is the electoral college is important  that is established it in the constitution in the country . the security in the person. for good electoral gollege have much progress congressional , election and vote .no easy. the diferent  person think the ideas diference through. they think easy the working realize and think delit and no just election and vote for person is going tramp and the diferent person think is no just that president have more the time stablished is incorrect other person necesity have oportunities in be elector.

The electoral college is popular for used.''Abolishing the electoral college! They're not alone; according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after al gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency , over 60  porcent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. the dirent argument in united states '' the single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor'' te united staste have diferent forms the using electoral college sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidential candidares themselves.''the senate would choose the vice-president. the diferent senator's popular did diferences electoral college in parts of the united states. example : ''Nixon, Jimmy carter, bob Dole, the U.S camber of commerce, and the AFL-Cio all.''

One example ''republicans in california. knowing their vote will have no effect , they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaigh than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote.... but of course no voter's vote swings a national election, and in spite of that, about one-half the eligible American population did nvote in (2012)election''. In electoral consist in vote that person going is necessary much candidate for fine electoral college " the electoral college consts of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president." The electoral collage is ver important in big responsability for status." After the presidential election, your governor a 'certificate' of scertainment' listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your state along with the names of their respective electors." the responsability the electoral college is better status. the candidate is going election and promosion for going electives'' However, maine and Nebraska each have a variation of '' proprotional representation..''

In conclusion, the text electoral college is import for status. The electoral college is big method of selcting that using very good for election in candidate and president and diferent causes no required. In the electoral college requires president and candidates for diferent region. So region have president or candidate that proportion benefic and help for person much through. the united statates is country in much posibilies where using better the electoral college . where going good the through and using more democratic.                    