When you ask for a person's advice on a choice, you may hear a different answer than the last person you asked. That is because of their perspective of the choice. When you hear a different perspective of a choice it tells you how the people may have experienced a problem related to yours. You can learn from those past experiences, figure out what went wrong and if nothing did go wrong, then see how you could make it better. It really helps when you know the background of most people's experience related to the topic. You can piece together the information, or write a list of the pros and cons of each perpective and combine all the pros. Finally, when you have your idea of all the perspectives you now know which choice you or others could most benefit from. The choice could now help benefit all kinds of people, since you understand the perspective of all people big and small. Asking for multiple opinions is a probably the best way to find out how to choose the best choice because all opinions matter.

The choice you make can effect anyone in a negative way, although you may not be aware of it. That is why you should ask for an opinion(s) for it. You don't know what will happen when you make that choice and who it's going to effect. Depending on what choice it is, it may effect people's daily lives. What most people don't like is change (especially if it doesn't benefit them). The choice you made could change the routine of the person's daily life, they may have more to do or his or her schedule could be way different than before. When you change something about a person, there could other people who depend on them to do something but they can't because of the choice you made. It could be a policeman or a firefighter that has his or her schedule changed, then somebody needs help but the policmen or firefighters aren't doing his or her job right now. Lastly, all of this makes you look like a careless human being. All humans judge based on a person's first impression, it wouldn't help if you ruined everyone's lives. It's like the butterfly effect, or like dominos. If you didn't care less about just asking one more person for his or her opinion, maybe this wouldn't have happened.

The choice you make can effect anyone in a positive way, because you were aware of everyone's opinions. That's why you should ask for an opinion(s) for the choices. You might know what will happen when you make that choice and who it's going to effect. It's all in your control. Depending on what the choice is, it may effect people's daily lifes (in a positive way).` What people do like is changes that benefit them. The choice you made could change the routine of the person's daily life, they may have less to do on their time or maybe something that they are offered that could be nice. There is usually emergencies where someone need help from a fire or a robber, but you could prevent the disaster from happening. Finally, all of this makes you look like a caring human being. All humans would be grateful for the time that you have sacrificed for a beneficial choice to all, because you asked for multiple opinions, and you understood. This has all happened because you cared for others opinions. This is why it is best to seek multiple opinions for a choice.