Students would benefit and not benefit from being able to attend classes from home is because you can stay at home ,not distraction,not friends or groups,tools from school that you may need,students can cheat.

Students would benefit from being able to attend school from home because you can stay at home and by staying at home you can wake up late for school. There is some students that hate waking up early for school that's one of the reasons of having the opportunity to take your classes in online. Staying at home you can be eating whatever you want there is not going to be teachers telling you that you can't eat. There might be people that doesn't have the transportation to go school and get in time for school and because children doesn't like waking 6 AM in the morning. That chance to take classes at online many students would prefer having online classes.

Other reason why students would benefit by attending classes from home is because there is not distraction at your home you can be at your room alone without no one to distract you when you're taking your classes or when you're taking a very important test. By being alone at home you can concentrate more about the things that you're learning because your friends are not there with you to distract you with another things.

Like I said there is not benefit too of having classes in online because students doesn't have friends or a group of friends to share their ideas. There is children that may need a group or a friend to talk about their ideas in classes or maybe you have a problem with something and you don't have no one to help you ,and by having not classmate it might be boring being alone.

students may need tools from school for example you need to read a book and you don't have one because you just don't own books at home and that's why I think it would not benefit because in school you have a library you can go there to find a book and there is different types of books students can pick.

Other reason why it would not benefit the students is because they can cheat.

students can cheat at everything because you don't have a teacher that is taking care that the student don't cheat at a test. If the students doesn't want to do a class he can can pay someone to make it for then ad pass it for them.

Different people might have another opinion about taking classes at home but I think there is benefit and not benefit because students can use this opportunity to waste their time or take advantages about having classes at home. In my opinion there will be some students that will take this serious and do the right thing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        