In our society, where technology is constantly improving and the need for better education is always increasing, our country's demand for better schooling with the use of technology is exponentially growing. Online schooling has become more and more possible as well as necessary with the growing rates of both children in need of schooling as well as the demand for better school conditions. Students would heavily benefit from the ability to use long distance learning programs because it would increase student attendance, improve the emotional well being of students, and reduce distractions that could prevent students from succeeding.

Students that are confined to their home due to a number of possible reasons, often miss out on important lesson taught while they are away. For example, students in Generic_City, China have been confined to their home due to the Corona virus outbreak. Instead of loosing that valuable learning time, many schools have switched over to a digital learning format. Students can now continue attending lessons regardless of their location or health. Although this current setting in Wuhan is temporary, the use of online learning programs may inspire officials to make a more permanent change. As another example, at Generic_School, teacher's often post materials that were used in daily lessons to an online service. This is so that students who were unable to attend are able to stay current with the missed material. Although this isn't direct online learning, students are able to use some of the beneficial properties of what online learning would provide. With online learning, attendance will no longer be a problem schools are forced to address.

Online learning would provide a more preferable environment for learning, which in turn, will reduce stress and improve general moral. For example, students residing in Generic_City are able to take online classes out of Generic_School. More importantly, their online classes often do not require in-person sessions, allowing students to complete assigned work at their own pace. Since there is no stress to complete work on a crunched time line, students can remain more stress free, and work at a pace more suited to their own learning pattern. In addition, students often prefer working at home, as they are surrounded in a more pleasing environment unlike typical school buildings that are often compared to prisons . While working at home, student can relieve stress by taking a break or grabbing a snack, actions that are substantially harder to do within a school. Not only that, but students who have family members or pets can spend time with them as well to relieve stress. Overall, online learning will remove stressful situations, and help students properly address their school related mental health.

Within a typical school, students often are forced to work through distractions created by those who are less courteous to those around them. Similar to how a single cricket in the night can keep someone awake, a single disruptive student can keep an entire class from being productive. A disruptive student can prevent others from completing their required work in the allotted time. With the implementation of online schooling, this entire problem could be avoided by removing the possibility of any disruptive students. Another common distraction within schools are the growing amounts of students with cellular devices. Cell phone have become of the most common distractions in schools. Although online learning will not remove the cell phone distraction, it will encourage students to understand time management once they realize that the more time they spend on their phones, the less time they will have to complete their work. With online schooling, distractions will become less prominent and allow the student to deal with their own distractions.

While the current schooling system does serve a purpose, it does have its flaws. Many of which can be solve with the implementation of long distance learning programs. With the higher demand of schooling to those unable to attend public schools, as well as those unfit to attend whether by physical location or health, online learning is becoming more and more of a necessity. Students would heavily benefit from long distance learning programs because it would increase student attendance, improve the emotional well being of students, and reduce distractions that could prevent students from succeeding.