To become a lawyer you have to take the LSAT test, at Towson University 35% of the people who took online classes failed the LSAT. To learn about the obstacles and struggle of the real world, you have to go to school. Going to school will be a very hard time but it will prepare you for your life after school. Going to school gives you a lot of benefits that include communication skills, and will give you relationships with friends and teachers.

Going to school gives you communication skills and relationships that you will need in the future. Giannis Antetekumpu, a NBA player from Greece dropped out of high school in Greece and wanted to work. Giannis had a great relationship with one of the teachers, that teacher made Giannis go to school again and play basketball, than he became a MVP in the NBA because of that teacher. At Towson University people 30% of the people who took the LSAT

from studying online failed because there was no communication, and first hand learning. 70% of the people who took the test while attending school passed. This shows that going to school gives you those relationships and communication skills that is needed to be well off in the future.

Going to school will get you a far in life, and will get you through a lot of the obstacles that you go through. I go through anxiety, because I go to school though being around all these people taught me how to fight the anxiety. Whenever I would feel nervous or intense I know that I can get through it. If I did school at home, I would have never taught my self how to go through that because I would not have that communication and in school life to help me adapt to it. In the show the Fosters,

Aiden homosexual in the show did not go to school for three weeks because he was scared, but when he went to school everyone clapped for him and showed him that he was loved. It is amazing because some people do not feel as loved at home, but in school they feel loved.

When you are in school you feel loved, you gain social skills, and grow relationships. Although people say that online school is better so you don't get bullied, but there should not be bullies in your school in the first place. When you are at school you feel loved and meet new people that will help you out through your whole life. Communication skills and relationships is important with whatever you want to do in your life, and will help you through obstacles you will go through. Being in school is very impactful, and has a lot of benefits.                           