Sometimes when people are trying to make a decision they look to their peers for their input on the situation. Some of the benefits to looking to others for help is you will get a variety of opinions, more knowledge about the topic you're making a decision on, and different perspectives of the situation.

In the end this can make it easier to come to a final decision.

Getting opinions from multiple people can greatly impact your decision. Other people might think that you should deal with the situation a different way then what you were planning to do. this can open up your eyes to other options, you may decide that you like their suggestion better than what you had originally planned to do. Some people also might have already experienced the situation that you are dealing with, this will give you input from someone who has already been through the same situation, you can compare this with what you are dealing with. They would also be able to tell you how they handled the situation and how the people around them responded. From there you can use what they have told you about their experience and maybe do the same thing as they did.

Asking more than one person for advice can also help you make a better decision. Some people might have a lot of knowledge about the topic you are making your decision on. for example lets say you are trying to decide where to go on your camping trip. The first person you talk to could have only gone camping once but the fifth could have been going camping for years. This person would know a lot about camping and all of the different camping sites; which ones are good and which ones are bad. If you had only talked to that one person than you could of picked a terrible camp site and had an awful overall experience but because you talked to more than one person you ended up getting more knowledge about campsites and had a terrific time camping. Over all you are able to make a more educated decision with other opinions.

Getting different peoples perspectives is another benefit to asking multiple people for advice. The situation could look different from different perspectives. Talk to other people about what you think you are going to do, get them to tell you what they think of your decision from an outside point of view. Getting multiple people to do this will give you a wider variety of peoples perspectives it may help you realize how your decision will impact other people. which This will help you make a more conscious decision.

Concluding I think that looking to others for advice is a great idea, It will give you a variety of opinions, more knowledge about the topic you're making a decision on, and different perspectives of the situation. Other people may have been in the situation that you are dealing with and you would never know that if you didn't reach out and ask for help.

You also may not have realized the impact some of the decisions you are making impact on others. Overall it will help you make a better decision and deciding what is right for you.