The meaning of a democracy is that the people vote for their leader or president. The electoral college denys that right and that is why the state senator should change that. Not only do the popular votes barley make a difference but, with the electoral college in play the representatives vote for our president, not us. If popular vote was the way the president was elected the elections would be fair.

To start with, how can we live in a democracy were the people do not pick their own president but, some representatives we suposadly chose can. If we were alowed to choose our own president then we could at least feel right in what we chose and not what the representatives did. according to

Bradford Plumer the electoral college is unfair due to the winner take all method which basically states that if you are a big state and have many representatives then you will have a majority of a say when it comes to voting. I it were only up to the people to vote then every single vote would count more towards the winning president and not towards the representatives. If the electoral college would keep on then even if the popular vote went for one of the representatives the electoral vote would decide the actual winner.

Also, acorrding to the Office of the Federal Register a total of 270 or more electoral votes are needed to elect a president. The total amount of votes consists of 538 electors, meaning there could be a tie in elections. This implys that the system is not fool proof and can have errors. However, if the popular votes were counted more than the electoral votes there would not be any chance of a tie and a president will always be elected. Most Americans do not know that they are voting for representatives who in turn vote for the president making this unfair. Thats just another reason why the electoral college is outdated and not needed.

Although the popular vote system is a little bias and favors the president the citizens like the most, it can also prove more effected for the fact that there will always be a winner no matter what. The popular votes system cant be represented by most states like the electoral college does but, it does have the vote of the entire country as opposed to a few states with more representatives.

In conclusion, the senator should change the voting system for many reasons. First, the popular vote is more reliable and there will always be a winner. Second, the electoral college has an even number of votes meaning there could be a tie therefore ruining the election. Finally, most people would like to personaly vote for theyre president rather than someone else to do it for you. These simple reason suggest why the senate should change the system.                                         