In our world today, technology has influenced the daily lives of millions. A rising debate is whether the majority of students should be able to take classes online. With technology at the tip of our hands, it can be possible for this idea to become a reality. However, the question remains if this idea of schooling is as effective as traditional public or private schooling. I think technology plays a big role in our education today. While we should be able to use technology in everyday learning, I do not believe public education should be switched to online schooling. Though there are many factors that make online schooling acceptable, in-school learning is educationally a more effective and everlasting experience.

In-school education offers many advantages that are probably not available in an online education program. For example, a student will not have a instructor to discuss certain problems they have with a topic. There may be a teacher designated to each class but they may not be accessible to explain one's questions. Whereas in school, a student can visit one of their teachers with a question and receive a one-on-one discussion that thoroughly explains a problem. Alongside to having an accessible teacher, learning in school with other students significantly contrasts to an at-home learning experience. As students attend school with peers and teachers, their value of education can increase because they are going to a place everyday where being positive and respectful is encouraged. These key factors that are found in a school is what influences a students' character and attitude towards their education.

One of the main characteristics of public schooling is how students are able to communicate with each other on a daily basis. In school, students are able to form friendships with their peers and bond with their teachers; these types of people in school could be what makes school exciting and something to look forward to for students. This is one of the reasons students are inclined to come to school everyday. At least for me, one of the reasons why I enjoy attending school is because I get to see my friends. Due to homework and other extracurricular activities, school is the main place where I get to catch up with my friends; it is what makes going to school more interesting. Having friends at school can allow students to work together on the same assignments or school projects. Team based learning allows for all students to contribute to one task and work together in a way that will result in a good grade.

Skills such as teamwork and realtionship-building are key development skills that are primarily formed in a school-like environment. Going to school and interacting with fellow students and teachers builds confidence skills and speaking skills; some important traits that are needed for a career based world. Personally, I have become a different person over the years due to my experience at school. The way I interact with others has changed due to what I have learned from my friends and close mentors. I do not think I would be the same person today if I were to take online schooling. Going to school has shaped the way I view the world and my perspective on topics that may be controversial. Though there are other people in my life that affect my character, the majority of my time spent is based on school. Therefore I believe students can shape who they are by going to a school and interacting with new people everyday. Attending a school gives students the opportunity to express themselves and develop personal values.

Although in school learning provides a more effective learning experience than online schooling, some believe that taking virtual classes is easier and more flexible for a busy student. It is said that with students' classes being online, it is more flexible to fit into their schedule and work around it easily. Another advantage of online schooling is that bullying is limited since the student is not always around other peers. I do believe that bullying is not permissible, but I think there are many resources for students to get help at school and deal with any situation. We have been doing traditional in-school education for so long. It would not make sense to all of a sudden switch to a completely virtual education system. I do believe there should be an option to take some classes online, but one should not receive their whole education through technology. There needs to be hands-on activities present for students to participate in because thats where they can gain life-lasting skills.

Students attending a proper school is more beneficial and effective than students obtaining a virtual education. Although online schooling may be more flexible, in school learning is academically influential because there are so many different ways to learn in a physical learning environment. Teachers are able to get creative with their lessons and still provide the information students need to know. If students get too comfortable with taking their classes online, they may lose interest in, or overlook the importance of going to school. Virtual education should be available for certain classes or situations, but going to school gives students a meaningful and eventful education.   