It is better to ask more people for advice than to just ask one person, because someone can hear more points of view, it leads to more discussion, and the person with a problem can think about a decision or problem more. When asking for advice, it is usually to solve a problem. If someone only gets one perspective on a problem and then makes a decision, it is a quick decision to what could be a more important problem. When multiple people are asked for advice, they will have different ways on how they see a particular problem. This is good because it helps look at a situation in more than one way, and make a decision that makes the most sense. When multiple people are asked, there is more of a discussion about a problem, which can help think of more ideas.

One of the reasons asking more people for advice is the best way to go, is that someone can hear all of the different ways people look at a situation. This is good for the person who is asking advice, because the person can look at the problem in all different ways, and see which solution best fits their personal needs and goals. This is better because what makes sense to one person, might not make sense to another person. As they say, nobody knows someone better than them self, which applies to someones problems. Hearing different points of views will also allow someone to see which point of view is the most popular opinion, and they can make their decision based off of what most people agree on.

Another reason why asking multiple people for advice is better than asking only one person, is that it leads to more discussion. When there is a situation that needs a solution, the best way to find a solution is through discussion. When only one person is asked for advice, there will only be one discussion, and there will be only one point of view. When multiple people are asked, the person asking for advice will have a lot more discussion about the problem they're facing. When asking multiple people for advice, the person asking could also bring up previously heard points of view and see what everyone else thinks of that opinion. Once the person asking hears many opinions, and opinions on others' opinions, the discussion created will help them think more about the problem, and ultimately find the right decision.

The final reason why someone should ask multiple people for advice, is because it causes somebody to think about a situation for longer. If only one person is asked for advice, then there will be only one time where it is discussed. When multiple people are asked for advice, it will take up a longer amount of time, and will most likely be at different times and days. This is good because people can change their minds very quickly, and what someone thinks of their situation one day, might not be what they think of it the next day. When more people are asked for advice, all of the time it takes to ask them can be used to deliberate and decide which decision may be the best. When asking one person for advice, someone may only think of a solution to a problem over the course of one day. When asking multiple people, it could require someone to think of a solution for multiple days. This will make sure they think of all possible decisions and outcomes, so they don't make a spontaneous decision.

When asking for advice, it is better to ask multiple people than to just ask one person. This is because asking more than one person leads to hearing more points of view, having more discussion about a problem, and thinking about a problem for longer. Asking one person for advice will limit a decision and it may lead to someone making a bad decision. Asking multiple people for advice can lead somebody to become more open minded about a problem, or even life in general. For these many reasons, asking multiple people for advice is the best way to find a solution to a problem or situation.