Source 1; What is the electoral collage?

The electoral collage is a process, not a place. The electoral collage process consists of the selection of the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president and the counting of the electoral of the electoral votes by congress. The electoral collage consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. The Congressional delegation one for each member in the house of representives plus two for senators. The 23rd Amendment of the constiton the district of columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the electoral collage. Each candiddate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party but state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are chosen by political party. The state law vary on how the electors are selected and their responsibilities. The presindential election are held every four years. After the president election the governor prepares a Certifiate of Ascertainment.

Source 2; The indefensible electoral college; why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong.

Under the electoral collage system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the president. If you live in Texas and vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electores pledged to kerry would get 34 electoral votes. On the off-chance that those electora won the statewide election they would go to Congress and Kerry would get 34 votes. The single best argument against the electoral collage is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people are lucky that 2000 fiasco was the biggest eleection crsis in a century. Back in 1960 segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with the new electors who would oppose John F Kenney. He was a great learder.

Source 3; in dedense of the electoral college; five reasons the keep out despised method of choosing the president.

The number collage is widely regared as an anachronism a non- democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled. The advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the electoral college method is not democrtic in a modern sense. When you vote for a president candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors. There are five reasons for reatining the Elctoral college despite its lack of democratic pedigree all are practical reason not liberal or conservative reason. In 2012 election for example Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes. The electoral college requires a president candidate to have trans- regional appeal. The winner takes all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates as we saw in 2012 election to focus their campagign efforts on the toss up states.

After many years of no one has changed anything else about the election camagign or anything. I think its time to do that. Lets put a girl in the office she can do just as good as a men.    