Dear senator of Florida. I am here today to tell you what I think about the Electoral College. I think the the Electoral College is a very irrational way to elect our presidents of the untied states of America. It might have been effective when it was first created, but now it dosent seem like it can work out anymore. Let me tell you why.

Well for starters, under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but vote for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. This was stated by Bradford plumer in his article : The indefensible Electoral college: why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong. This is not fair to the citizens. They should be alowed to vote for whatever president they want, instead of letting a bunch of electors "pledged" to the candidates vote for them.

Plumer also writes : "Can voters control whom their elctors vote for? Not always." What does this mean? It means that the times when they can"t control them, they could be using the citizens vote to vote for other Candidates other than the ones they are supposed to be pledged to. It's not fair that sometimes citizens can't control who their elctors vote for. This shows that this great "system" is starting to fall Apart. If it was such a great system, why cant citizens always have control over who their elctors vote for?

Plumer deides to write: "Do voters sometimes get cofused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes." This is why the Electoral College needs to be abolished. The electors put on a facade and allow the voters to become confused. This allows them to easily fall into the trap. Its like trying to show a blind man a picture. You must give details about it in order to create a picture for him to follow. This is what is going on with the voters. The electors sometimes gove them false information to follow, allowing them to vote for the wrong candidate.

In an article written by Richard A. Posner called: In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing our President, He states That the advocates are correct in aurguinng that the Electoral College is not democratic in a modern sense. Even an article that is supposed to support keeping the Electoral College says that it is not democratic. The irony of this is rather amusing. This clearly proves that the Electoral Collge is not democratic at all. How can we live in a democracy if we do not have a democratic voting system to live by? This is not a feasible system for a coutry thats supposed to be a democracy.

In Posner's article, he incorparates a Picture of the United States of America, which each state containing a number on it. The number represents the number of electoral votes given to each state. Why is it that larger states like Texas recieve 38 electoral votes while smaller states like vermont  recieve 3? Lets be realistic for a minute. What can a state do with 3 electoral votes compared to one with almost 40? It dosen't take a rocket scientist to figure out that it's not much.

In Plumers article, he talks about the time a state sent two slates of electors to congress. It happened in Hawaii in 1960. Luckily, Vice President Richard Nixon, who was presiding over the Senate, validated only his opponent's electors, but he made sure to do so "without establlishing a precendent.". He finishes that section by asking: what if it happened again? This was not just a small little mistake that happened. That was a big problem that could have changed everything. The Electoral College Has to many flaws to keep running and this was one of them.

Before jumping to conclusions, you must ask yourself, is it really benaficial? wouldnt you like to be one hundred percent confident that your vote is give to the candidate that you chose? Not only sometimes? We the people are supposed to be able to vote ourselves, not some other imbicles that dont even get our votes right half of the time. America was meant to become a democracy, and if we keep the colleg, it will always keep us from becoming it. I agree that the Electoral College was one of the best Sytems created. Unfourtunatley, not everything was meant to work out in the long run. Jobs, careers, school, buisnesses, relationships, and the Electoral College. It has made vital mistakes that has caused us not to be able to have much faith in it anymore. It was good in the begining, but now its time for it to come to an end.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     