In the aricle "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" says that Venus is really good to study despite the dangers you might encounter. The article says that you may study it,imagen all the wonders you can find.

Also in paragrpah two it says that Venus and Earth are "twin". They say that planet Venus has the closest planet to Earth, but the density and size are some what close. It also say's that the speed of orbiting around the sun is close to Mars, and also Venus. Yet also Venus is very close to us that the humans have tried to send spacecraft to land on Venus numerous times. And yet each time was a fail since it only survived for a few hours.

Also in paragraph three it says that the atmosphere is very thick in Venus. That it has a 97 percent of carbon dioxide that covers Venus. Also the temperature is very extreme which is why we cannot live in Venus, even though Mercury is closest to the sun Venus is much hotter than Mercury.

Another reason is that Venus has a high pressure and also heat which states in paragraph three. Venusian geology says that Venus has erupting volcanoes, and very powerful erathquakes, it also has frequent lightning strikes that hits on the land.

Also in paragraph four it says Venus was probably coverd in largely oceans which can also supported the various forms of life. Yet also Venus does have some features of Earth, Venus has rocky sediment which includes valleys,mountains,and also craters. Also scientist say that to visit Venus it will take a long time frames of space travel, and also if you want to return form Venus it will be very hard.

Another reason on why Venus can be dangerous to study is that humans are having an idea on sending humans to Venus. Scientist are coming up with a solution have them float above the fray and not land. They are coming up with ideas of having a blimp like vehicle just hovering about 30 or more miles above the landscape. They may have a vehicle hovering over Venus so it could avoid the ground conditions for just staying off ground. The surface on Venus is around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure is close to the sea level on Earth which says on paragraph five.

In conclusion Venus is very dangerous, it has high temperatures and high pressure which the humans can not survive. Earth and Venus may have the same mountains and valleys, but Venus is to hot for us to survive. In conclusion Venus is dangerous to study.   