In the course of human existance, humanity has always been striving for progress, you might say going the extra mile, in order to better our society. One such great invention was the automobile which allowed us to travel great distances in a short period of time. Consequently, the natural instinct, to grow and improve, has been transfered to the idea of the automobile through the self driving car. Self driving cars are the future of transportation as the offer a host of positive benefits including, precise driving capabilities, increasing affordability, and new safety technology.

The self driving car has begun implementing technology that can revolutionize a car's self awarness. For example the article states, "spinning sensor on the roof. Dubbed LIDAR, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3D model of the car's surroundings." Unlike the human eye, the LIDAR radar sees anything and everything; not only does it never miss a single detail, but it also has a 360 degree view that current drivers simply do not possess. These sensors are expecially useful when backing up and driving backwards, as many drivers struggle with getting a full view of what goes on behind them. However, with the LIDAR radar, this problem is eliminated, making backwards driving easier. Putting radar into the drivers seat is not so much about losing the human touch of driving, but getting a more accurate perspective on the road.

Secondly, the technology is finally in a place where self driving cars are becoming a feasible economic option. Sebastian Thrun, founder of the self driving Google car, said, "There was no way, before 2000, to make something interesting. The sensors weren't there...Radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars." In fact, alot of the technologies, including radar, used in self driving cars have been around for a long time. However, in recent years, they have become alot cheaper and precise, so that the dream of creating a self driving car is a reality. The goal of the self driving car was never to create a billion dollar high tech vehicle accessible only to the rich, but one that could be mass produced and avaliable to all. With cheaper, mass produced technology, it seems like this is not too far up the road.

Finally we see that the self driving car may actually be safer that regular drivers. With so many deaths accounted to texting and driving, the idea is that people would be able to safely text when the car drives itself certainly has its appeal. However, when the car needs a human touch, "displays [texting] can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over-something not avalible to drivers trying to text with a cell phone." Shutting off the display would force drivers to pay attention to the road during tricky situations and reduce the number of car crashes. Secondly, the use of sensors helps detect and prevent crashes. The article says, "sensors have become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out of control skids or rollovers. This information from the sensor can cause the car to apply breaks on individual wheels," which could stop potential dangers in their tracks that the driver may not be aware of. In the end, a self autonomus car is always vigilant and is never distracted, making it safer than having a human driver.

Self autonomous cars are more accuate, becoming cheaper, and are safer than today's cars, making them the car of the future. It is only a matter of time before someone develops a self driving car that can be mass produced, and when that day comes, we should embrace it with pride. Together, let's drive towards creating the car of tommorow, today.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        