some school offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I think students would not benefit being able to attend classes from home because they can not be on their telephone and not due what they are spouse to due.

First, they can get distracted, In my position

I Can get distracted went I am at home doing homework i want to wache TV even some time I do not finish my homework because i get a lot distracted. I want to play whit my brothers go out side play soccer and i say just for a little I am to playing with then but a get distracted and i for got the i have to do homework or study for a test. Some time I get distracted by seeing my brother playing video even went they is a lot of noise i get distracted because i want to what is happening or what is going on. I remember one day the I have to finish a test review at home because I do not have time to do it at school I do not finish because I get distracted by brothers. They were making a lot of noise and i could no concentrate because of then. My brothers are the same way as me they can get distracted fully easy and not pay attention on what they doing maybe they star by doing they homework but they do no finish because they get distracted by the TV or the video game.

Second, they can use the telephone some time I get a lot distracted whit my telephone because I away want to be in the telephone. Went i home I just want to be in my telephone and i do not do my homework. I get fully distracted because I want to text whit my friends or playing video games in my telephone and not Du what i suppose to to do. Went I am at home I have all

I want my bed my telephone the TV the I forgot the I have to how or study for a quiz or test. Only because I at home and I have all i need some time i do not want to do anything

I get distracted fully easy and more if I have my telephone in front of me because i want to leasing to music or video chat my friend and talk and pay attention on what I suppose to due. Some time my mom tell that I have to stuff in the house so I have to do it even if I am doing homework or studying I have to what she say and then a can kip doing what i was doing. If I have my telephone whit me the only thing i what to do is be in the telephone because it is a easy way to get distracted and not due what you suppose to due.

Some people my say that if students have home school it will be good because some students can get bully at school and they do not want to go back. The is say for then because some the students do not ride the bus the parent have to take then to school and the take a lot of time some time because they have to wait. Even they are going late for work and they do not have tame to take then to school. They may say the if they have school at home they do not have to do all the work by taking then to school. some time a lot of kids get bully at school and it more easy for then do do it by home because they do not have to deal with at school they do to have to be worry what would happen to then the net they or what does people are going to do whit then, But I chose to not have school at because some people can get distracted I not saying the all people have the problem I am just saying the i have the problem they my not have. But I do not like have home school because i want to see my friend graduate whit then have fun some time go to party and now more people have more experience.

In solution, people can do what is best for you if you like do school by home because you do not like people or have personal problem or have i disability that you go it no one is going to say anything. But some time people want to have friends have fun because you are a person the like to be around people that good to. the only thing i am saying chose what is best for you not what is best for other people or what other people think. Make you own decision be proud of you no matter what.