Twenty five years ago somthing happend they were in space and they found the face on mars. I am going to give you some ressons why aliens did not make the face on mars here is why. When pepole say that the face on mars was created by aliens they are wrong. The face on mars was a pictures that the vikings took from 1976. When vikings were snapping pictures of possible landing sites for its sister ship viking two. So we already know that there were pepole on mars before so they might of built the face on mars. Mission controllers had to be preparede to look agian. Then gavin said ''its not going to be a easy to target cydonia''. Althoght that few sientiste belived the face on marswas an alien artifact pictures became a priority for Nasa.

Some people might thing that aliens made the face on mars he it is why aliens did not make the face on mars. What pepole do not know abot the face on mars is that there was a picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west it also canbe reminded most of the snake river plain of idaho. When the viking took the picture it was 1.56 meters and when the vikings were not around no more Nasa took the picture again and it was 43 meters per pixel. Thousand of pepole gatherd to see the image first appeared on a JPL site and a natural landform. Whe they saw the picture they right away notieced that it was no alien monument after all.

These are my final ressons why. The face of mars has become very populer icon it was in hollywood film on books and magazines and also radios and grocery stores. Some people wanted to defenders of Nasabudget wish that a ancient civilzation on mars to destory the faces of mars. Few days later Nasa recived a image for all to see the caption noted a rock formation that resembles the humans head. Nasa wanted to do a surprise amoung missions controllers back at the jet propulsion lab when the face was appered on their jets propulsion lab. When Nasa got the pictures they said that about the same height as the face on mars. Whe they got a rule of tumb you could discern things in a digital image three times bigger then the pixel size. So i thing about what i told you you can know say that aliens did not create the face on mars.