Tim Ryan, an experienced bird watcher once said, "In middle school, somebody started the weirdest club imaginable... a bird watching club. Being the class clown that I was, my friends and I signed up for the oddest club at school. At first, it was just funny. Then I found myself looking forward to club day. Bird watching was a ton of fun. If I wasn't required to sign up for a club, I would never have found my true passion -- bird watching." School required extracurricular activities have been controversial for many years. Is it a waste of time? Are the activities even fun? As the years went by, many people started to realize that extracurricular activities are beneficial. Students should be required to participate in extracurricular activities because it can boost their confidence, improve their time management skills, teach them how to work with other people, and they may even find a new favorite hobby.

One of the most obvious reasons why students should participate in an extracurricular activity is because they can find a new hobby. According to a survey conducted by the Activity Observation Committee, 76% of all Generic_City students have found a new, beloved activity that was introduced to them during school. Some people have the courage to attempt a new activity on their own time, but others aren't so lucky. You may think you don't like to do something, but you truly don't know until you try it. Your future won't be resting on that activity. If you like it, then that's amazing. If not, then there is nothing to worry about. You will have tried it and then your source of dislike would be valid.

In addition, participating in an extracurricular activity can boost confidence. Generic_Name, a sixth grader from Generic_School, once said, "I never actually thought that I would be good at a sport. However, all of my friends are good at basketball. When club time rolled around at school, I got pressured into joining the basketball club with them. It turns out that times have changed. I'm pretty good at basketball. I've been feeling much better about myself knowing that I'm good at something." By requiring students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity, Generic_Name found that she was really good at basketball. A talent could be hidden under your surface. By signing up for a club, it can unearth that special talent. Some students may acknowledge this but are too afraid to try something new. By requiring students to sign up for an activity, the have to take that risk.

Another benefit of participating in an extracurricular activity, is that you can improve your communication skills. Generic_Name is a part of his high school's student council. Part of his job is to work with others to cultivate ideas for school programs. The council has taught him the importance of expressing his opinions and ideas. The council has made Evan much more confident about his opinions and now expresses them throughout daily life. A student council is not the only activity that can boost your communication skills. Those skills will increase anywhere that you are working together, which is usually any activity. By improving your communication skills, you are preparing for the future. You will need to be able to have excellent communication skills during college, work, and just daily life. In addition, you could make many friends. According to the Brain Like Mindedness Observation Assessments, people with the same interests typically make better friends. A club is just a bunch of people gathered together doing an activity that they enjoy. There are plenty of chances to make a friend. So next time nobody wants to join a club with you, don't worry. Once you get there you will make many friends.

On the other hand, some people claim that extracurricular activities are just a waste of time. Generic_Name, a member of her high school's softball team stated that, "I devoted my entire life to a single sport. It was a very bad choice. I had to quit my job and I've had many sleepless nights trying to do all of my homework. Although I love softball, I should have never made this commitment."

The only way that participating in an extracurricular activity could be a waste of time is if you aren't managing your time efficiently. Participating in activities can teach you how and why it is important to manage your time. A study conducted by the Time Management Association showed that 87% of all students that are in extracurricular activities have started to use a calendar or agenda to plan their time. Using your time wisely can be very beneficial when you have many things to get done. It can also help with not procrastinating. By knowing what has to be done and when it has to be done, you are more likely to actually do that work. This will help you prepare for what will come in the future. Your whole life will need to be planned out: when to get groceries, what needs to be done at work, when to go to the dentist, or even when to pick up a child from school. Whatever the scenario is, it is crucial to manage your time wisely. Life can get chaotic and it is important to know how to handle the chaos.

Ultimately, participating in extracurricular activities is a very beneficial from a young age. These activities can boost confidence, teach people how to work together, and improve time management skills. So, next time you have the opportunity to try a new sport or activity, go for it! You have nothing to lose and a lot to gain. Suggest clubs and activities to friends and family members. It is important to involve not only yourself, but others too. Remember Tim, the professional bird watcher? If he had never took the risk of participating in the bird watching club at his school, he would never have been discovered his true passion of bird watching. Maybe one day you will be like Tim and participate in an extracurricular activity. You never know... it could shape your future for the better.