Dear Senator of Florida,

Recently I have begun to research the difference in effect on the people of Ameirca, between the Electoral College and the result of popular cote for President. I have found out that our founding fathers created the Electoral College in the Constitution, so that while the votes between Congress and the people may be different, ther could be a compromise. Our country; well our world, is evolving with the changes in generation. 2015 has come upon us, and with this year brings a whole new change in cutural diversity and tehcnology. So while I believe sticking to our coutry's Constitution is vital for some reasons, I also believe it is outdated in others.

Today, people are slowly coming out of the shells of the past and embracing the change of the future. Every year, children grow older, new children are born, and people pass away from our fine Earth. Though this new generation we have built is going to, one day, become the generation that decides who leads our country and who doesn't. I believe that the Electoral College puts a restraint on the freedom our people, new and old, should possess. Our people have to vote for a party, a group of people that don't show either their faces or their true personalities, to trust well enough with their vote to go for the President they think is right for the Country. Although that is very rarely ever betrayed- as noted by my recent research -I do believe that it is against our certain rights as a United States citizen not to know who exactly we are putting our faith in. Also, even if we do put our full faith in these mysterious political parties, like we have for years and years, who's to say that our vote will even matter? Al Gore, in the year 2000, had more popular votes from the people than Bush, yet he received fewer electoral votes, which decided the winner of the election. Why have us put in our vote at all, if it means nothing to 538 politicians?

Our country is made up of millions, upon millions of strong women, men, and children and they should be the deciding factor in the  elections. It's our country just as much as it is the men that make up the Electoral College. A requirement of 270 electoral votes must be made in favor for one presidential candidate over the, though why should such a small number mean more against the millions from the citizens of this great country, the same people that make up the great state of Florida.

I understand the need for the Electoral College, when it comes to some decisions. Like avoiding a national catastrophe when it comes to the nuber of swing-votes. While I am a woman of passion, I do allow myself to see both sides of the story and I think while the Electoral College can do good, it can also do bad for this country. It is outdated, overused, and wrong.

Our founding fathers built the Constitution and this country we call home, and while that is a great thing...times are changing and the power of the House, and the Senate, should now be moved on to the people. Some states, like North Carolina and Rhode Island were even unable to know close to anything about the current eection between Gore and Bush in 200. I say every state deserves to know the news circling around their country and how it may affect them. The power should now be given to the people, allow them to decide and make decisions. Let the people know they are heard, they have the freedom that our founding fathers gave them in the Constitution. They can speak and let their minds roam for the good of this country.

The Electoral College should be taken down and gicen too the hands of the people, for the good of our future.

Sincerely,

A woman who cares both for her state and her country.

PROPER_NAME            