Dear Mr. Senator,

My name is PROPER_NAME, I'm here to talk to you about keeping the electoral college. The electoral college is a prodess that our founding fathers established. Its said to be in pur decleration as part of the 23rd amendment. For so the district of Columbia is allocated 3 elctors but only for the electoral college. With saying we vote every 4 years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. When a citizan votes for their candidate choice they are also voting for the candidate's electors.

There are ups and downs to having the Electoral College. For one the peoples opinion should matter. They were given a gallup poll in which over 60% of the voters prefer a direct election. In 2000 we had our great fiasco which was the biggest election crisis. Eventually the electoral college fixed it. When ever the votes are tied the house of representatives get involved which can change the whole election.

With saying all of this there are 5 reasons to keep our lovely electoral college:

1) Certainty of outcome:

Disputes are possible but very unlikely to happen. There are a total of 538 million votes. So its very easy for there to be a landslide of a vote.

"In 2012's election Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney recieved all the basis."

2) Everyone's President:

One region (south, northeast, etc.) does not have enough votes to elect a president. In saying that no favorite candidate recieves any electoral votes just because he increased his plurality in states that for a fact he can win in.

3) Swing States:

The winner-take-all method shows the candidates that they should pay attention to the toss-up states. These states will pay very close attention to the candidates campaign, showing that they need to focus on their campaigns. The toss-up states are more likely to be the thoughtful voters and the most thoughtful votes should decide the election.

4) Big States:

"A large state gets more attention from presidental candidates in a campaign than a small state does"

5) Avoid Run-Off Elections:

The electoral college avoids having an election in which no candidate recieves the majority of the votes.

Thank you,

PROPER_NAME    