As stated in the article, the Electoral College process consists of the selction of the electors, the meeting of the electors, where they vote for PPresident and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. The Electoral college consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. A state's entitled number of electors is equal to the number of members in its Congressional Delegation. There is one for each member in the House of Representatives, and two for every Senator. There are many reasons why the voting process should be changed to popular vote instead of the Electoral College. The two biggest reasons are as follows: Unfair elections and the freedom of the people.

As stated in the third source, the Electoral College is often considered an anachonism and is unliked across the nation. The reasons for which vary greatly from certainty of outcome to big states to swing states. Certainty of outcome means that one of the Presidential Candidates has to be cosen to become President. There are no recounts in Electoral College, whoever they like the most becomes President, and that ins't fair to the people. Bigger states tend to have more members in the electoral college. This can greatly influence an election if a big state like Texas favors one candidate over the other. Swing states are the states that recieve more atention than other states due to bias, greatly influencing votes. In my opinion, this is something that needs to be changed.

Citizens of the United States of America are the ones who are supposed to decide who should be the President of the United States of America. It isn't right to select a few people from each state to decide who the President will be. That power lies with the people, and nobody should be able to take that away. The votes of millions and millions of people are out-weighed by the votes of a few hundred men and women. This is unjust and unfair in every way. If all the people in the United States wanted somebody as President, but the Electoral College disagreed, the Electoral College would win. Why should the Electoral College have more power than all of the people of the United States; they shouldn't. The power to decide who is President of the United States of America should always lie with the good citizens that live here.

I hope that the voting process will change. I hope that it will finally become fair. That it will become what the people want it to be. It should be what the people want it to be. We the people of the United States have the power to change this, and we should work to change it. The voting process should no longer be the Electoral College but should be dicided by the people and only the people. The voting process needs to be fair and needs to be what the people want it to be.    