Dear Mr./Mrs. senator

I beleive that you should consider voting against the electoral college. Now you may ask why, but, I assure you that the electoral college is a way for corrupt presidential candidates to win the office and make this great nation a horrible place. To back up my reasoning here are 3 reasons as to why you should consider voting against the electoral college. Segregationists replacing voters of one canidate for another, the election could become a catastrophe if a tie were to happen, there is a chance of a "disaster factor" happening.

In 1960 segregationists in Louisiana nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose J.F.K. (Source 2, Bradford Plumer, The indefensible electoral college: why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, P. 11, line 44) Imagine if the corrupters had been able to corrupt the election, we might have had a fiasco bigger than the 2000 presidential fiasco. If we were to continue to turn our backs on the matter we would soon be run by fatasses who spent all their time gaming and would claim they know exactly how the sytem works, opposed to a real man who spent all his time rising from the bottom up and knows the system by heart. Who do you think would win if those 2 people were to run for President? Not the one who should.

Some people claim an electoral tie is impossible, but, in 1968 a shift of just 41,971 votes would have deadlocked the election, if that doesn't seem so bad lets take a look  at how many people are in the United States alone. In 1976 a tie would have occured if a mere 5,559 voters from Ohio and 3,687 from Hawaii had voted the other way. (Plumer, P. 12, line 80) The election is really only a few swing voters away from catastrophe, and possibly, the worst government shutdown these United States have ever seen. So, if 41,971 voters from 1968 didn't seem like alot, then lets look at the 9,246 voters from 1976, ties are seemingly getting closer and closer, what will happen when it is too late?

There is  always the off chance of a "disaster factor" occuring, like the one in the 2000 Al Gore VS. Bush Presidential election. Imagine if that were to happen again, only, this time, we put a blood thirsty, war hungry, nuclear savage into office. Imagine the Iraq and Afghanistan wars from 2000-present and then imagine them being fought on our own soil, imagine, instead of little Iragi children fighting against an invading force, your children fighting against an invading force, and that is just one of the minor things that could happen. Imagine if we put a man in office who thought the way to answer everything was through nuclear war, imagine what would happen to the United States. These are just a few examples of what could happen if another "disaster factor" were to happen again.

These are the 3 reasons as to why i beleive you should consider voting against using the electoral college. Imagine if We the People actually got to vote OUR favorite president into office on OUR own terms instead of some idiots a political party throws together, imagine how much better off we would be than we are now.    