Do you ever want fun activities to do at school? Having an extracurricular activity helps students that don't want to come to school, encouraging them to come more frequently and enjoy the time they have at school instead of dreading school. I think students having at least one extracurricular activity would be a great idea because, students can learn new things for example playing sports includes learning how to play. Making new friends in other activities like student council , and having interaction with other peers like in the yearbook committee.

First, extracurricular activity can bring students to learn new things about that specific activity and even the things they learned will help them in real life in the near future. For example, FFA can help those students, how to grow crops for food supplies, and how to take care of farm animals like what to feed them that is healthy and nutritious for the animals. Another example is FCCLA helps volunteer at animal shelters or any type of shelter that needs volunteering and even learn how to take care of dogs and cats, how to feed them, and care for those animals that need help.

Second, students can meet new peers and become friends with each other. For example, a group activity that involves five or more people in a group to work on a project, if one student was sitting all by herself and had no one to talk to or work with for that activity and this one person sees them sitting alone at one big table that person might invite her to come sit with them so, they can work on the project together and them two might find they have things income and become friends. Then, that encourages them to help others to become friends.

Lastly, interaction with others is very important in these activities. For example, working in the yearbook committee involves students to talk about what to do and what to put in the yearbooks, taking pictures might involve talking to communicate where the other student will be while taking those pictures, and printing the yearbook out will need learning how to print papers.

These three examples are perfect reasons for having extracurricular activities for each student in the school today. What do you think about having these extra activities at school? Having activities like this encourages them to come everyday and it makes them enjoy school more than not wanting to come. The school can have many different extracurricular activities they can join for example, sports that helps them how to play it right step by step, the student council helps students become friends and have communication skills and the school yearbook committee helps them with interaction, communication, and teaches them how to take pictures on cameras and print out many different things. This is why I think this school and the students should have at least one activity to do during school hours to keep them busy and want to come to school more everyday.            