Dear

Principal,

I think that the second policy is better because students shouldn't have phones during class or on free time. Cell phones are going to take learning away from students if they have there phones with them all the time. If we come to school to learn then why should we have our cell phones with us?! I think cell phones during school is going to be bad because it will take away a lot of learning that we need in our life.

School is very important because school will help you get a great job we you get older. If all the kids have a cell phone with them at school then there's going to be less education in there life because they are not dong what they are suppose to be doing, they are texting or calling when they are suppose to be doing there work and learning about history or math. To keep kids focus they shouldn't bring there phones to school or if they do bring there phones to school then give it to the office or your teacher to hold on to it until school its over.

I feel that if you let the students bring there cell phones to school it could start something or bring trouble. Students will be very off task when they should be focus on getting their work done and not bringing it all home and not doing there work. Cell phones should be used outside of school and not during school. If you let the students bring cell phones to school then your taking there education away from them. If students start to fail because they are not doing what they are suppose to be doing then you are going to look bad because your students are failing from being unfocused.

Yes kids bring phones to school when they are not suppose to but not all of them use it during class. They only bring there phones for when school is over and if they need to call there mom or dad. I only bring my phone so that if something bad were to happening after school when i am walking home or if i need to call for a question i have my cell phone. I have never used my phone during school because it is going to get me off task. I want to have an education and have a great job when i get older and so do other students but if you let them bring there phones then its going to get them very unfocused and off task.

I hope that you will keep cell phones from use in school. I know that students will be mad at first but they will see when you let them bring there phones how unfocused it is during school. Kids have a lot of things going on in there life and when they have a cell phone i bet they talk about how they feel to there friends. Also it is a off task thing because of un answer questions they might have from a friend or some one. So please hear me out and do not let students use cell phones at all in school.      