Slip into a world where emotions are easily read. There could be no mind games, no pettiness, and no suffering in silence;this could be the new reality. In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto, he introduces a new concept created by Thomas Haung:Facial Action Coding System software. This programming system allows computers to register all of the emotions on an individual's face, reguardless if they are mixed. While some argue that this Facial Action Coding System is a step too far into an innovative future, the advanced program could benefit a multitude of areas.

Thomas Haung's new software would not only find useages in a classroom, but also in daily life. Granting teacher's access to their student's feelings could give teacher's insight on how well their concept's are grasping. To further prove the computer's effectiveness, Huang states, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor," (D'Alto). In addition to assisting a classroom setting, enabling people to read other's emotions would be benefitial also. Reading into surroundings helps people grow. Knowing what feelings an individual possesses could compell someone to be more considerate or act accordingly to how that individual feels. With that in mind, this program could also strengthen relationships.

Although the Facial Coding Acting System invades privacy, lessons human interaction, and may not be completely accurate of human emotions, it ultimately serves to benefit. While privacy concerns are understandable, the possible results after the slight invasion could be more than worth it. An unfortunate day could be quickly turned around if people were aware of the circumstances. Without a situation being addressed, nothing can be fixed;the same goes for a person's emotional state. However, on the technological aspect, how can one know how reliable a computer is on detecting somebody's facial expression? Dr. Huang addresses this by introducing that the computer first constructs a 3-D model of the face, with all the muscles operating as a human's would. Dr. Huang also explains that "the facial expressions for each emotion are universal" reguardless of the desgree of expression, (D'Alto). Finally, the fear of more computer based activities is rapidly squashed by the contradiction that being more aware should envoke more human interaction, not lesson it.

Initially, the thought of additional advancement of technology is frightening. Predicting ideas is not always a sure way of indicating what will occur. However, after Dr. Huang introduces and explains his new concept of Facial Action Coding System Technology, it is arduous to reject the placement of this software into everyday life. Hopefully, the program will be installed soon so it can start making improvements in various industries across the board.