Although the school system has advanced quite far in recent history, there are still plenty of clear problems with the way children receive their education. Many students are constantly stressed out and are not truly learning the material because of it. Additionally, each student may have a different learning style, so it is not helpful to teach them in large groups with the same methods. The recent innovation of FACS (Facial Action Coding System) can be utilized by schools to vastly improve the way children are educated.

Many issues with the education system could be improved upon, if not completely eradicated, with the use of facial recognition technology within classrooms. As mentioned in paragraph 6 in the article, FACS can be used to recognize when a student is confused. Schools could take advantage of this technology to notify teachers when a student is struggling with material, and help them get back on track. This would allow teachers to adapt their teaching style to best suit each student. Furthermore, all different ages of students today are constantly stressed out with the massive workload that is forced upon them each day. One of the many consequences of this is that the students may not actually be learning the material beceause of how focused they are on the responsibilities they have for other classes. A facial recognition system such as FACS could be programmed to detect when a student's facial expression demonstrates stress, and notify the school so they can proactively help the student cope with this stress before the situation worsens. This will help the student relax and focus better.

The potential of this technology is huge, as it could be used to improve every student's life, both inside and outside of school. If schools were to have the ability to help students with any material they don't understand the first time and asist them in coping with or eliminating stress, it would make the experience of going to school much more enjoyable. This would motivate students to do their best to be successful in school, which would drastically improve their life, as well as society in general. If all schools manage to overcome the technical and monetary difficulties of implementing FACS in teaching, it would benefit everybody in many ways.