Greetings ,my name is Generic_Name. I go to Generic_School and I'm a junior this year. I was just recenlty informed that some schools require students to complete a summer project in order for thme to contiue to learn. But now the questions arises, should said projects be student designed or should the teachers design it? Although some would say teacher designed projects are better because the teachers have an understanding in the topic and can provide accurate deatils for better clarity. Actually I believe student designed projects are better because students could develop working enviroment skills and could make it relativly easy.

By a show of hands who likes summer... because i sure do. Shouldnt summer be a time spent learning or accomplishing other activitys like learning to drive, learning to bake or even learning to maintain a source of income. Student designed projects would be easy and short something that could be done in a short time spand.

Not something that requires me to look up, double check for accuracy, cite sources, revise,noodletools, and then hope I dont forget about it or lose it. Students know students best, plus it could develop skills for future planning because of course not all of them are going to be the same, some will be easy and others more challenging it can be a brand new experience for the students to design and for the teachers to look upon their ideas.

Another side to look at is if a teacher designs a project soley online. What if i go to a place with no internet? How am i suppose to do so if i cant access the document? Well theres nothing i can really do but, if students design a number of different projects some could be on papar and others online that way I could get options on what I'd be ok doing. For example some could be just to "read a book"

or some could even be creative like "draw a place you visited while over the break". Point is students have a greater imagination than teachers in most aspects and could make a varity or projects and not just stick to the same one for everyone.

Now for a story. In my entire life ive only had one summer project and it was back in middle school. The goal was to just read a chapter book and then to write about it. That year i had read all 6 of the star wars books from "Phantom Menace" to "The Jedi Return". But i decided to write about "Revenge of The Sith" which is my favorite book/movie from the prequel era. I honeslty didnt know how to start the writing ,as a surpirse to no one I was and still am a pretty weak writer. But eventually I came around to write about Anakins insecuritys and the fact no one was honestly there to help him through his dark time and that it consumed him even making him hurt the ones he loved. Now keep in mind I had finished about a week into summer so I was pretty much free to do what I wanted. That same summer I had traveled to Honduras for 2 and a half months to visit. But as soon as I returned school was satrting and I had completely forgotten about the assignment and to put the icing on the cake It was lost.

I believe student designed projects would be better for its simplicity and for all the groups involved to get a new experience weather its the manner of grading or designing it. Wouldnt you like to have more time to enjoy your summer break or would you honestly prefer a harder time doing whatever the teacher mightve brewed up while on their free time?