The author supports this idea because the article had stated that Earth,Venus, and Mars are our planetary neighbor. Venus has been a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity. The thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide and highly corrosive sulfuric acid makes it difficult for spacecrafts to land on the planet. Scientist can't find out what they need to know about the planet. They want to know if there's a way to support life due to finding that Venus was probably covered with large oceans and could have supported life once. Today Venus still has some features such as valleys, mountains, and craters.

The author also stated that scientists would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. a vehicle hovvering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out. At thirty-plus miles above the surface temperatues would still be toasty around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to sea levels on Earth. many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machienes to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus. NASA is working on other approches to studying Venus.

Simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weks in such conditions. Another way they are tying to study Venus is with old technology called mechanical computers. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexable, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes out to extreme physical conditions. exposing a type technology like a phone or a tablet to acid or heat is capable of melting tin. By comparison, systems that use mechnical parts can be mmade more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.

The authors last statment about motivating ourselves to go to Venus is striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus. Venus's value is worth gaining insight on the planet itself. also out of the human curiosity to know more about the plane. The travels on earth and beyond should be not belimited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagintion and innovation. This is what I think the authors claim is about pursuiting despite the dangers.