Luke Bomberger worked two part-time job at the grocey store and at the bank. Then his friend invited him to go to a Europe on a cattle boat. It was hard for him to say no but Luke said yes it was a opportunity of a lifetime.

World War 2 was over in the Europe,and many countrys were ruin. To help recover everything 44 Nations joined together to form UNRRA. The UNRRA hired the Seagoing Cowboys for they can take care of the horses,young cow,and mules were shipped oversea.

In August 1945, they had received their orders repoets from New Orleans. They had arrived on August 14 that's the day the Pacific war ended. Don and Lke boarded the ship the SS Charles W. Wooster, and then they headed to Greece. THe SS Charles also had a cargo of 335 horses plus enough hay and oat so they can eat.

Luke turned 18 before arriving in Greece.

It took about two weeks to criss the Atlantic Ocean from the east coast of the united states and the a month to get to china. Luke was really busy because caring for the animals during them crossing the ocean. Also he had to fed them and watered two or three times a day. Bales of hay and bages of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship. And then he had to clen the Stalls.

On his second trip Luke had to served his night as a watchman. His job was to check on the animal every hour. On this one rainy night after making his hourly report to the captain he slid down a slippery ladder on his backside. Luke's heart was racing as he shot first toward an opening ont he side of the ship . A small strip of metal along the edged stopped his slid keeping him from flying forward overboard in the dark Atlantic. But he couldn't work for a couple of day because of his cracked ribs.

Luke also had fun on his trip because when the unloaded the animals the cowboys played basketball and volleyball. Also they played table-tennis tournament, fencing, and boxing.

But being a the Seagoing Cowboys was much more than an adventure for Luke Bomberger . It opened his world it was a greatful opportunitiy for him. It made him more aware of people of other countries and their needs. Alot of visitor came over the year to exchange the students to visit.    