Driverless cars are the new future to this planet and in technology. There needs to be a new and improved way to drive cars, even if the driver does not need to touch the steering wheel. To support my reasonings would include what Google cofounder Sergey Brin has developed and thought about. The cars that he foresees would use half the fueld of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. Secondly would be that of the Toyota Prius that uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel which would allow you to estimate how far away or close you are to a curb or another vehicle. Lastly would be the safety that the car would be capable of.

The first reason behind my opinion is that it would be less cost effective in the long run which means that over time, you will get your money back from the car. The manufacturers have thought of a way to allow the car to drive and think for itself and allowing the driver to relax until they get notified that they should take control. Cars that are smarter will allow you to save more money and cost less mechanically, as well as save on fuel.

Secondly, would be sensors and displays in the car that allow you to focus on the task at hand when you are driving. Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager driver said, "We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way." In the car that he is overseeing, it uses heads-up displays and information systems that will notify you of an accident ahead or a roadblock that calls for a detour. The displays can be automatically turned off which is something not available to drivers who are texting and driving. Another detail would be that of manufacturers consideration of using cameras to watch the driver to make sure that the driver is paying attention if he or she needs to take control of the car. If the driver is paying attention to the road, then he will not need to be notified and or have the company of that car be notified. It allows the driver to pay closer attention to the road and not his surroundings.

Lastly would be that of safety. Safety is a number one priority in cars and in life as a whole. If your car is safer to drive on the highway, it will reduce the cause of accidents and save you and others around you money. That is why manufacturers are considering using displays that will automatically turn themselves off so that the driver does not get distracted behind the wheel and cause a serious accident. GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object, which would then notify the driver that they are too close to an object and that they should stop immediately and look at their surroundings. All of the little gadgets that are put into this car as well as other cars, are allowing the driver to pay better attention to the road and the objects around him. Cars are getting smarter by the year which is reducing the number of accidents per day. Which is why driverless cars are a must for safety.

The reasons stated above show how and why that driverless cars are a must for everyday life as we know it. They save you money by not having to pay so much for gas everytime you have to fill up. The car is being driver by the hardware that is inside of it and it will notifiy if you need to take over and steer. The last reason is safety. If the car is not safe, it should not be on the road. Driverless cars are allowing the driver to pay closer attention to the road as well as what is happening around him better than if he had all the lights in his face and his phone placed in the cup holder or in his lap. The driverless car is being developing to become something greater and more useful for everyday human life. This shows how and why driverless cars are a must for everyday life and why I agree with the developement and manufacturing of these cars. 