In the arcticle Driverless cars we are told about how cars are evolving are humans are needed much less they they are now to drive a car.

my position on driverless cars is that cars should just be left alone.

We dont need all of this fancy stuff for our cars, well we can make our cars look good but we dont need things like parkiing assistance or driving assistance, or ever assistance on car repairs.

cars should just stay the same we dont need all of this fancy stuff just to drive a car.

Driverless cars are not really needed that much becouse people are still learning how to drive, or they are older adults and they already know how to drive.

There are some good things about the cars and then there are some bad things about the cars.

One good thing about the carfs is that they can drive themselves so for like old people like like to ride in cars they can go on a nice joy ride even though they cant really drive anymore.

Another good thing about the cars is that there is a sensor in the seats that will vibrate when you are near or very close to let you know that there is danger near.

Some bad things about the car is that when you are coming up to a work zone or it is a zery traterous road the car will not drive by itsself instead the car will tell you that you will need to drive right now until they are passed the danger then the car will drive itsself again.

Another bad thing about the smart cars is that when there is a car problem such as the engire is failing and the car wont start the car will not be able to tell you what is wrond what you need to do to fix it.

You will half to figure it out all by yourself.

the conclusion that i have come up with is that yes smart cars can be very helpful sometimes exspecially when they are needede the most.

But if there is a problem or a danger ahead the car wont try to help you instead you will half to get away from the danger or fix whatever is messed up by yourself.

The car could helpm us in the future but before any of that happens its going to need a few modification before the car is affective and helpful. when the car has been upgraded i think that it will be a lot safer and the car will be a ton more helpful then what it is now.