The new technology called Facial Action Coding System enables computures to identify human emotions. The process begins when the computer contructs a 3-D computer model of the face. The fourty-four muscles in the model must move like human muscels. Dr. Paul Eckman creator for FACS calculated the emotions of Mona Lisa. I do not believe that FACS is important for the students to learn about.

This technology is not important to what is going on to in the class room or in todays world. The students in highschool have other things they have to be getting ready for like graduation. There are standards into graduating on time or even early and I am sure learning how to caluclate emotions from a computer and pictures is not one of them. The technology is in the path of achievment if the activity is in a progam by its self and not in the high school or middle school. Some students are pushing the edge to gradutate as it is. This will be something they will want to do and they cant if they are behind in their classes. These students already have way more technology on their hands now adays than they should. The technology is upgrading each day. FACS is not something that would help someones career with in the futrue. School's should be about helping kids get ready for the future. They should not make everything the students be on the computers. Some people want to contain the knowledgement about the expresstions on other peoles faces than gradution than they should take a class about FACS out side of school. The kid in elementry are not going to know what paper and pencil's even are if we keep coming up this technologys like this that we dont really need. I would not want a computer telling people, or evem myself, what mood i am in. I know what mood I am in. I would not want my parents to know if I was mad because I would be mad at them and not want them to know. If people wanted you to know their feelings they will most likely tell you how they feel. The Facial Action Coding System is the waste of a schools money. The money that is put into the FACS is way more than a school could possibly They could use the money to fix something around the school. The FACS is just way out of hand.

The new technology called Facial Action Coding System enables computures to identify human emotions. The process begins when the computer contructs a 3-D computer model of the face. The fourty-four muscles in the model must move like human muscels. Dr. Paul Eckman creator for FACS calculated the emotions of Mona Lisa. I do not believe that FACS is important for the students to learn about. Students should focus on getting a diploma, rather than knowing someones emotions through a computer and picture.      