People in science class tries to figher out this girl named " Mona Lisa Smile" while they looking at the picture they loooking how she smiles back but they really think she's really kinda angry at the same time and there is other people doing the same thing but with diffrent painting in schools. There's an expert name Dr. Huang, he developing ways for humans and computers communicate even though it's going to take some years. Until they finally finded out they can calculate emotions like math homwork but working with real humans.

The way this process work is to have the computer with 3-D contructs and a computer model of the face and have to build the human like human muscles which it's called "action unit"

which made by Dr. Huag and Dr. paul Eckman, the creator of facts of "facial action coding system". during his own creation he knows the six basic emotions like happiness, surrise, anger, disguet, fear and sadness plus characteristic movements of that new computer model they making out of 3-D.

It says that when the computer model wakes up everyday it have the same impressive calculation so it really means it still acts the same from yesterday like saying when u have a friend that like being happy randomly from yesterday well your friend can still act the same the next day which you is wathing your temper, when Dr. Huang haves a computer soft where that stores similar anatomical information as electronic code.

When you try to make computer models on your own at home wit a PC it might not work on yours ether way because you'll need a newer model of it so it can work it doesn't have enough storge to carry all tha data, so some people rarely take the long way which is writing it down for instruction that encode different emotions.

Even looking in a mirror you can look at yourself and see how you act with your emotions so you can make your own model and aftyer when you are done, you can tell your lab partners to test it out to see if it's really complete to make a fully computer model and that model will have the same emotions as you, plus not only you'll be happy about it you truely know how to reveal so much about the science of emotions.            