Needing help with a issue is a common problem that people often come across. Whether it is needing help with a relationship or just advice on what book to check out at the library, people often come to their peers and colleges for advice. Usually, people just come to one person for advice. Most this so that they can receive the most clean cut answer possible. However, this is not always the best option. Asking multiple people for advice on the same problem can result in a better made choice because they will be more informed on the possible solutions to their issue, and they are more likely to receive an unbiased opinion on the subject if they ask multiple people.

When making a decision, having more information on all the possible solutions can allow for a more logical and precise solution. The way most people collect this information is through other people. However, it is very common for people to listen to only one persons solution. They believe that you can get a more concise solution by doing this. Although this may be true, getting multiple solutions from multiple people gives you more information on the topic. One example for this would be receiving relationship advice from one friend verses multiple friends. On one side, asking one friend for help may result a good solution to the problem as it is more clear and simple and is not as complicated compared to receiving many different answers. On the other side however, getting one solution dose not allow for a compare and contrast of possible solutions through pros and cons, and does not give you all the information about the subject. This example shows that having one solution does not always allow for the best solution because most of the time you are not receiving all the information on the subject and arent able to compare and contrast solutions.

When asking for advice, unbiased opinions can result in a much better solutions. This is because when you receive biased opinions and advice, the information you are receiving is often not as factual and more from the heart of what the person you are asking believes. This is why when asking only one person, you are more likely to find someone who is very biased. On the other hand, when you ask more than one person for the same advice, the odds are higher that you come across someone who is unbiased, and has probably done some research on the topic. An example that would show this is voting for an elected official using one persons advice verses voting an elected official using multiple peoples advice. On one side, using one persons advice can result in a much more simpler reason to vote for a official. This also allows for a lot less stressful voting process as you do not have to compare different candidates. However, using multiple people means it is more likely that you will get more unbiased results. This also means that you can kind of figure out what the general "popular vote" is, or in other words, what the general majority of people are voting. This example shows that asking one person for a solution does not always allow for the best solution because most of the time, you are not receiving unbiased opinions unless you ask multiple people.

Asking multiple people for advice allows for better made choices because they will have most of the information needed to make a decision, and asking multiple people will result in a higher probability to find someone that is unbiased. When trying to get the best choice for a solution asking multiple people can allow for your decision to be unbiased, informed, and the overall most common choice. Remember, the best choice can always be backed up by others.