MONTH_DAY_YEAR

Goodmoring senator before I start , I would like to ask how are you doing and how's your family. I hope everybody health is great and family problems. Today I want to talk to you about some little problem that's not going as well as I thought it was going to go. Electoral College is not a good idea for us citizens. Because everybody in this country that works and come from another country , should be able to vote for their President. The Electoral College consists of 583 electors. A majority of 270 electoral vote is required to elect the President.

The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. Us citizens think that's a better idea. Don't you think? The presidential election most have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidental candidate. And after the presidential election, yout governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment". Listing all of the candidates who ran for President in your state along with the names of their respective electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party.

According to Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole they agreed on abolishing the electoral college . The electoral college won the popular vote but lost the presidency over 60% of voters. What that means? 60% of the people didn't agree with the electoral college. The single best argument against the electoral college is what they might call the disaster factor. Us the American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was  the biggest election crisis in a century. The state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors , and that those electors could always defy the will of the people.

At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each states they know they have no chance of winning , focosing only on the tight races on the "swing" states. During the 2000 compaign seventeen states did not see the canditates at all. Including Rhode Island and South Carolina. Also  voters in 25 of the lqrgest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad. The electoral college is unfair, outdated , and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertionw without much basis in reality. Bob Dole was right. Abolish the elctoral college!

In conclusion, The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anachronism , a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. There are five reasons for retaining the Electoral College despite its lack of democratic pedigtee; all are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons. This is all I wanted to tell you , I hope you listen to what I'm trying to tell you. I know I am not the only one that thinks like this. If you would like to contact me back you could email me at EMAIL_ADDRESS. Thankyou and have a great day!

PROPER_NAME    