The Electoral College was created with good intentions, but it has many vital flaws which allow for very unfair outcomes. The electoral college is an outdated, and irrational way to choose the president of our country for the next four years. It allows for silly tricks to be played - you can win the presidency with a mere fourty percent of the country in support of you. You can completely ignore some of your voters, as you're guaranteed to either win or lose heavily biased states, and you can gain massive numbers of electoral votes due to one more vote for a side in a state count. The system even allows for massive corruption to go unpunished, which is one of the biggest offenses in our country.

The electoral college's biggest flaw may perhaps be its ability to elect a president that doesn't even appeal to half of the country. According to source two, Al Gore "won the popular vote but lost the presidency." Al Gore had a signifigant victory in popular vote for the nation, yet still was denied presidency due to the electoral college's vote assignment system. If we did away with the electoral college, each and every person would have an equal say, and would be equally important to the candidates.  Even source three agrees that the trust in our electors is occasionally betrayed, albiet rarely.

Currently, the candidates can completely ignore portions of our country. Republicans have a strongly biased voter base in the south - so much so that generally speaking, the Republicans never have a single rally or major ad. According source two, states like South Carolina almost never vote Democrat. It's so rare, that if you lost, you offended the group that has voted unquestioningly for your party since the system has been put into place. If the electoral college system didn't exist, the thirty percent of southern Democrats would have a say, which would make advertising and campaigning all over the country much more vital.

The electoral college system also allows for an astonishing amount of corruption with no punishment. If a state manages to vote one hundred percent Democrat, rogue electors can still cast their vote for the Republican candidate - and this isn't against the rules. We're essentially putting the next four years of our country into the hands of 538 electors, and holding them to the lowest possible degree of accountability. Again, source three clearly states "and that trust is rarely betrayed." While it's rare, it's still more than possible, and can be quite disasterous.

Some may argue that the electoral college system puts into place a system of certainty and safety, for both the candidates and the people. This, however, is quite far from the truth. According to source three, "the residents of other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised." While this source claims that ignoring biased parts of the population, this is quite far from the truth. People are being entirely ignored by the powerful politicians that are supposed to represent them. That doesn't sound very democratic and fair to me. People begin to feel discouraged and that their vote doesn't count, and this is quite close to the being the case. Only one-half of elligable citizens voted in the 2012 election, which means that one half didn't. Half of our country isn't bothering to vote in the elections because the electoral college system completely negates their vote.

Our country prides itself on being "the land of the free, and the home of the brave," yet our people are being discouraged at every turn by our government. The popular opinion of our people is that the government is out to get us, and there's not much evidence to contradict that. The electoral college system allows for the government to be run by men who didn't fairly win over our country, and isn't accurately representing our views. It's rife with corruption, and allows money to buy power. If we remove this system in favor of a popular vote election would encourage more popular policy, make our government closer to the people, and have little to no negative impact on our country.    