Dear Principal,

Students all across the nation are doing community service to help out their town or city. Whether it is cleaning the streets, helping out in an old peoples home, or tutoring children at a school, all these deeds are good experience and good for the community. I think that it should be mandatory for all students here at school to do these good acts upon or society.

One reason why I think that we should have mandatory community service is because it provides knowledge and experience for the child. this is because after hours of dedication to helping out, children will see what good they are doing for their friends, family, and other acquaintances in the town. Also, there is a high chance that kids that are not heading the right path, will steer into the lane of success. By doing this, they see how they make other happy around them and will start feeling better about themselves and have a much greater respect around elders. To end off on this knowledge I would like to add that children that to participate in this will have a wider and more open mind. They will be open to new ideas and will learn something along the way

Another reason why this community service is necessary is because this provides less work for older, more delicate people, and more work faster and harder workers such as students that are in high school and college. While doing this less older people will be injured in activities such as cleaning the streets, their homes, and helping them with buying supplies needed for their health. This will cause a chain effect on them making them pay less for medical bills and more on other things such a necessities and other good that will help them through everyday life.

My last reason is because this will provide a cleaner and safer living area for little children and growing teens. By cleaning streets and parks, children will have a safer environment to live in and will grow up living in a much nicer area. It is a non-arguable fact that if a child is born and raised in a safer community, free from dangerous litter, they will grow up to be much healthier. From poisonous gasses and rodent killers, to little things like sharp glass and aluminum cans everything will be cleaned up. This prevents choking hazards and toxic fumes to be entered into a child's system.

As you can clearly see, Mr. Principal, community service is needed for three clear reasons: it helps children learn and experience the outside world, it helps the old people community, and makes it a safer living area for little children and adolescents. So please Mr. Principal, make community service mandatory, for the greater good of our living area. Just think about, would you want your kids to grow up in a dirty town?

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME

Student