When people look to others for advice, it is because they cannot think of what to do themselves or they don't trust themselves enough to make good decisions on their own. Some people find it good to have an outsider's perspective, so they can see the situation from a different viewpoint. They also like to ask others what they would do in that situation, because everyone handles things differently. Occasionally people have gone through a similar situation, which often makes them knowledgeable on what to do. There are many ways to handle situations, but when in need of help you should confide in others for the best advice on how to make a better decision.

If you are in an argument with someone or you just need some advice, asking others is good for you to do because they can give you a new perspective. In an argument people tend to be very blindsided and naive, because they always think they are in the right. However there are always two sides to every story, and other people can help you see both. Many times you don't understand what someone else might be going through and it is always good for someone to humble you every now and then to make you understand others. Whenever something is going wrong, it's necessary to understand it ask someone else what they think by viewing all sides or the problem.

Another thing to ask when you need advice is what would they do in that situation. Often people think a completely different way then you, and would handle it in other ways then you. Most people are either passive aggressive or just aggressive and this can change the way they do things. With my problems I tend to be more passive aggressive, because I don't like arguments or confrontation, but most of my friends are the opposite. In times where I would normally not do anything until it becomes a big mess, my friends would already haven confronted the situation a long time ago. That was some reasons why asking others what they would do can help you come up with what you should decide.

Occasionally people have already gone through the exact same thing that is happening to you. This can make them wise, because they can use their past experiences to tell you what to do and what not to do. For example, when you need that push to do something you're scared of they can help you with that. When they tell you it went well for them, it helps you to follow in their footsteps. If there was a problem in their past experience they can warn you not to do that. One example might be that a girl dated this horrible guy who cheated on her, and she sees him with another girl so she talks to the the girl and warns the girl about what happened to her. Asking a person about their past experiences is one of the best ways to figure out what is right for you to decide.

The saying that other people show the best in you can be used when talking about giving advice, because people can show you new ways to see something or tell you something that you didnt know. Friends can show you the situation you are in from all different angles and not just the one you are stuck in. They can also tell you what they would do in your shoes, or how they would handle your position. Past experiences can change a persons perspective of their life so they don't make the same mistake twice, but they can also help others to not make the mistake at all. In conclusion, there are many ways others can help you for advice like sharing their past, saying what they would do, and showing you all perspectives. Everything talked about in this essay can help you come to your conclusion on what is best for you.