Car use can be a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it, but most of the time people have strong opinions on car use.

Ask anyone if they want to walk 10 miles in the freezing cold weather and a large amount of them would tell you no. Rarely anyone nowadays appreciates the importance of gas consumption, global warming, polution and other situatons that happen when cars are used to often or frequently but that never seemed like a problem did it?

Riding bikes or walking of course will save you all of the trouble of having to fill up you're car or pollutting the air and so forth but i feel that it will also be an important insight to appriciate everything before it's gone.

Meaning that if you have a car, you automatically think that will make evrything easier which in some cases it will but in life, we always ahve to go through things that are hard to get us to soemthing better.

Getting to the point of why material possessions can sometimes cause people to think that we can't live without certain things is a lesson as to why nobody really "needs" anything and that goes for transportation purposes as well.

We all come into this world with nothing, and we leave this world with nothing and if no one can be happy without material possessions then i feel that we havent learned a very valuable lesson that used to be here when nothing stopped us from walking to a friends house to say hello or to simply send a letter in the mail if you wanted to talk to someone. The use of technology and updated versions of things have changed our world completely and no matter what way you look at it, there will always be an opinion that is different from you're own.

Limiting car use may be useful to others who feel like they want to relieve stress or just want a sense of contentment as they walk down the street and take in thier surroundings instead of worrying about you're mirrors and the annoying person behind you honking thier horn for you to move quicker. And concluding if we took the time to really think and take in our surroundings we realize that this world has become complex but there are many ways to fix it. Transporation has just made it a little easier.    