Some cities are making themselves car-free. Like in Vauban, Germany; Paris; Bogota, Colombia; and even the president of the United States is trying to "curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions" (Rosenthal, Paragraph 29). In Vauban, Germany residents of a community are "going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before: the have given up their cars" (Rosenthal, Paragraph 1).Some advantages of limiting car usage is people are happier without cars and it promotes the alternative transportation and reduce smog.

The first advantage of limiting car usage is that people are happier without cars. "The day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in Bogota in the mid-1990s. It has seen the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths, the most of any Latin American city, according to Mockus, the city's mayor" (Selsky, Paragraph 27). "As a result, 70 pecent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way,"" (Rosenthal, Paragraph 3). "It was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without cars in this capital city of 7 million" (Selsky, Paragraph 21). "Vauban, completed in 2006, is an example of a growing trend in Europe, the United States and elsewhere to separate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called "smart planning""(Rosenthal, Paragraph 4). Finally "the rise in cellphones and car-pooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work" (Rosenthal, Paragraph 35).

The second advantage of limiting car usage is that it promotes the alternative transportation and it reduces smog. "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city"(Duffer, Paragraph 10). "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog . . . [The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known os one of the most polluted cities in the world" (Duffer, Paragraph 14). "millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams" (Selsky, Paragraph 20). Also "the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped speadily thereafter.... As of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995" (Rosenthal, Paragraph 32). And "people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession mat find less reason to resum the habit" (Rosenthal,Paragraph 36). But finally "Mine (19 and 21) have not botheres to get a driver's license, even though they both live in places where one could come in handy. They organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or car-pool with friends" (Rosenthal, Paragraph 39).

And those are the reasons why some cities are making themselves car-free. People are a lot more happy with no cars as said from Elisabeth Rosenthal ""When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way". And also because people are trying to promote the alternative transportation and reduce smog, thats why Paris "enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city" (Duffer, Paragraph 10). So what do you think should citites ban driving?    