To whom it may concern,

I, PROPER_NAME, think it is best to keep the electoral colles, but here is why. Some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the consititution is restored. The candiate must have trans regional appleal, meaning he/she must be all for each region & not just one, (South, Northeastern, etc.).  From this the residents of the other region are likelt to feel disfranchised-- to feel like their votes do not count, and that with no regard for their interests, the president is not really the president.

As a citizen I would say that if the president, only did what half of the regions had said, then I would not be satisfied with what he is doing. When you go into office, you go into office for everyone, not just one region, but ALL regions. Wether or not the president haave a trans-appeal, each region does not have enough electoral votes to elect a president on their own anyway. Some say the electoral college is unfair. outdated, irrational, because they favor most daily assertions without much basis in reality. However the lectoral college, can be unfair. Most arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much base reality.

To feel as if the president is not on your side, i dont imagine that being any fun, that to me would be like rewarding one child and not the other for the same action. We all are equal, wether by race, color, or age. We are all human, and we demand to be treated equal, if we dont get equal, keep trying until you do. Its always too early to give up. Always push yourself to high extents just like these canidates and maybe one day it will be you standing up for the majority vote, only hoping that the voters do not pick favorites, off of location. Before you decide make sure you know who youre voting for, and that there is a chance, that folur years from now, they could be re elected again, so please, put some thought into our society, and what social conflict does to us! America hass been torn apart because, of beliefs, religion, and democracies, and possibly is still suffering from all of these things, as i sit here and type this. There is a while world out there beyond those builded lines. Why did you pick thosae  lines in the first place.         