We were up is space circling Mars snapping pictures and trying to find a landing spot for our sister ship Viking 2. Then we had noctice that in one of he pictures there was likeness of a human face. The head of the face was two miles from end to end. So we decide to send the picture back to NASA to see what they had to say about it. There replies where so shocking to us we could not belive it they that the face had been created by aliens.

Our first reponse to them was that it was simply not possible because aliens do not exist. Even if they did we did not think that it was going to be possible for them to do something like this.

Our second reason we do not think it was aliens was because they would not have the brians to do this. They would not be able to calculate the right measurments and angles also. Plus we dont think they would be able to survive on Mars because of the conditions that are there. These aliens would just have to be out right smart to do something like this. This is just one of those things that seem impossible for an alien to do.

The third and final reason is the point we are trying to get across to you guys and that is that we think is just a natural land form that formed while the planet was being created. If we are being logical here we know that the pyrimads were created by humans them selves but do really think an alien could have done this? We do not think so because they are just not as smart and and not as equpit as a human is. We think that it was a land form God decided to give the planet.

To wrap up everything about this mysterious face maybe it was created by aliens but we may never know because this face is on a planet where a human would not be able to live and survive to witness the aliens build it. The only people that might have got a chance to witness it is atrounauts that would have been up in space at the time. We personally think that it is safe to say that God decided to give mars this mysterious land form and not aliens. 