I think that the use of the technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is extremely valuable. The reason why the use of this technology would be very valuable is becuase,imagine a computer that knows when your're happy or sad. For example , if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen .a simliar ad might follow. But of you frown, the next ad will be different.

First, She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. No that's not your science teacher, grading your latest lad assignment. It's the subject of leonardo da vinci's renaissance painting, Mona Lisa- at least according to some newsoftware that can recognize emotions. Imagine if "A classroom could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. uang predicts. " then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." The same technology can make computer- animated facs more expressive-for video games or video surgery.

Second,"Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication," notes Dr. Huang. "So computers need to understand that, too." Your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile. But we can write down some simple instructions that "encode" different emotions. Eckman has classified six basic emotions- happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness- and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facialc muscles.

Third, "The facial expression for each emotion are universal," observes Dr. Huang, " even though individuals often show varying degrees of expressions"(like not smiling as broadly). Using video imagery, the new emotion - recognition software tracks theese facial movements- ina real face or on the painted face of Mona Lisa. By weighting the different units, the software can even identitfy mixed emotions(as in da Vinci's master piece). Each expression is compared against a neutral face (showing no emotion).

In conlusion, the use of this technology is very, no extremely important in shcools because it can give the teachers and the principles and idea how to get the students to learn better on what is being taught. The technology can also give the teachers and idea of who is bored or tired, or even who is having a bad, or fantastic day.