Phones and Driving

Our society's reliance on technology has increased significantly in the past few decades.

Mobile phones were once brick-like impractical devices. Since then, they have evolved into sleek mini computers. Now that phones are more portable, people tend to take their cell with them everywhere, including on the road. With the heavy reliance our society has created around these devices, it is, understandably, difficult to resist using them. For this very reason, cell phones pose a great risk to driver's. The distraction imposed by smartphones can be just as harmful as driving under the influence. Using cell phones at all while driving should absolutely not be allowed. Any amount of attention diverted from the road is incredibly dangerous.

Some of the most fatal accidents have occured, not because of intoxication, but as a result of texting and driving. In 2018, 4,637 people died in car crashes due to cell phone use (The Zebra). That is 4,637 lives that could have been spared if it weren't for the recklessness of irresponsible drivers. In 2002, 62% of people owned regular cell phones, while today, in 2019, about 95% of americans own cell phones. 77% of these modern cell phones owners have smartphones, which can be even more distracting (Pew Research Center). In that time, car accidents caused by cell phone distraction has increased from 6% to 25% of all car accidents (Schlossberg 2002, Miller & Zois 2019). There is a clear correlation between the increased reliance of cell phones and distracted driving accidents. The irresponsible actions of these drivers is causing increased danger on our roads. Leniency cannot be accepted. The law should have absolutely no tolerance for this hazardous driving.

Even the best drivers may be involved in a potentially life-threatening crash while trying to use their phone and drive. According to an NPR article on multitasking, when you are "Switching from task to task, you think you're actually paying attention to everything around you at the same time. But you're actually not. You're not paying attention to one or two things simultaneously, but switching between them very rapidly" (Hamilton). The article later goes on to state, "You cannot focus on one while doing the other. That's because of what's called interference between the two tasks." Based off of this information, it can be inferred the concept of interference is also applicable to using a smartphone while driving. If a driver is busy paying attention to their screen, there is no way they could also be paying close attention to the road.

Even five seconds of being distracted by a cell phone can be enough time for someone to get into an accident. One personal injury lawyer states, "A single text results in an average distraction of 5 seconds, during which time a car going 55 mph will travel the length of a football field" (Miller & Zois). A range this large in a such a short time span conveys how much potential there is for injury when behaving so carelessly. Anyone who may claim it is safe for them to go on their phone while operating a vehicle because they are a master at multitasking is simply overconfident in their abilities. The truth is, it would be impossible for anyone to drive safely while distracted.

With lives at risk, texting and driving should be out of the question. Not only would such negligence put one's own physical well being at risk, but all those around them as well.

Thousands of deaths could be prevented each year if everyone were to simply put their phone down while driving. No notification, song, or post is worth compromising the safety of the general public. Ensuring others' security should be a priority for all americans. When one fourth of car accidents involve cell phones, there is a serious problem. Complete focus and concentration on the road while driving should just be common sense. Keep the phone down.

Citations

"Demographics of Mobile Device Ownership and Adoption in the United States." Pew Research Center: Internet, Science & Tech, Pew Research Center: Internet, Science & Tech, 5 Feb. 2018, www. pewinternet. org/fact-sheet/mobile/.

Hamilton, Jon. "Think You're Multitasking? Think Again." NPR, NPR, 2 Oct. 2008, www. npr. org/templates/story/story. php? storyId=95256794.

Schlossberg, Todd. "Cell Phone Use And Motor Vehicle Crashes - Burlington, VT Lawyer."

Green Mountain Law, Todd Schlossberg, www. greenmountainlaw. com/auto-collisions/cell-phone-use-and-motor-vehicle-crashes/. "Texting and Driving Statistics 2019." The Zebra, 2 Jan. 2019, www. thezebra. com/texting-and-driving-statistics/.

Waldron, Terry. "Texting and Driving Statistics." Baltimore, Maryland Personal Injury Lawyer, Maryland Personal Injury Lawyers, 2019, www. millerandzois. com/texting-driving-statistics. html.   