Twenty five years ago we discoved something different on the surface of Mars.

This natrural land form looks just like a human face.

Some people believe that it was created by aliens.

However, that is not true.

There many explanations on how this land form got there, but there is no evidence that claims it was created by aliens.

I am a scientist at NASA and I was one of the people who discovered this land form.

Although some people have very convensing stories as to how that land form got there, it was not made by aliens.

Many people think it is a natrural land form, while others think it was created by aliens.

The team of scienctist that discoved this land have talked about how we think it got there, but one of only logical explanation is that it was hit by a meteror.

Mars has lots of crators on the surface and it is just that.

A crator.

There is no way aliens could have made this land form.

It is over two miles long. For them to make this it would have taken many of hundreds of years.

I personal think that if there are any aliens they would not be an advanced civilization to create something like this.

Another reason why they could have never made this is how would the aliens know what a human face looks like.

This land form is just like they face on the moon, no one made it.

It just showed up after years and years of being hit by meterors and the push and pull of gravity.

Personaly I do not beleive that aliens exist.

There is no evidence that they live on mars, let alone any other planet.

If they do exist I would have no problem with that, but as of right not there is no evidence that they do.

Even though some stories are very convensing, there is no way aliens could have made this land form.

If there was more convensing evidence then I might reconsider my opinion, but as of right now there is no more evidence.

So I will not be reconsidering.

The land form is over two miles long which would be nearly impossible for a very underdeveloped society to create.

Also how would the aliens know what a human face looks like.

Therefore there is no possible way the aliens made that face, it's just a land form.