I have to help seal the deal that the faces are just nautural land forms and not something supernatural. Even Knowing that nasa wishes there was ancient people living on mars doesnt mean there actually is. They may be very smart people but they have no proof that this was done by a type of living being. They clearly state that everything they get is only facts and off research and strictly that nothing else. These people who are doubting nasa abviously have no idea what there talking about if they think nasa is purposley lying to us. They say that these faces are very normal and common and that this one has very different shadowing to help it look like adifferent face. They have shown many other faces or land forms like this in the past, I would understand if this was the first one and maybe that would give them a litlle reason to doubt them like they did. nasa says they have seen similair things like this on our earth. That should tell you that what is going on now isnt anything different or special to us. I understand why you would think its something crazy special but its really not, nasa them selves got all happy over nothing as well until they got another look at it.

They said they thought it was something they havent seen before but it just ended up being something they really see on a ebery dat bases. Nasa also stated that the types of cameras they used would have easily made it clear to the people that this is normal. These cameras can zoom in so close that they would have been able to see if anything moved they could see it. the only thing that was oving that day was the clouds in the sky which is normal for mars. They said they look for small stacks and things moved and even pyramids but yet nothing was abnormal about this situation. These people make even less since because if it can happen here on our normla land it should be normal for a planet like mars to do it to. Mars is the most similair planet to ours. So if it happen over here why is it so breath taking that it happens over there as well. They say that they shortly live dthis little moment and it ended up being the same old stuff, this place Cyndonia is the most common place to find these landforms shapped by who knows but they can be suspicious and very norml at the same time. They said that they think taht this face would bring much attention to mars and they were absolutly right about that. It makes sence why some poeple think different. I mean everybody has they own point of view on thuings. They wil stick to it to, they will consider them selves right still after you prove them wrong. People will always have there own perspective on things no matter what. so that means that mostly everybody will have some one that disagrees with them one way or another. Since this has opened up to the world in manny different ways, it makes it a whole lot easier to make up assumptions and nad there own way of thinking when it comes to this very starge but normal situation. Poeple have even seen thingslike this on the moon and that didnt phaze a single person. Its just people these days and how they think. they will just pull your leg.