Dear state senator,

It is highly unlikely that you will read this, but hey it is worth a shot. There are many reasons as to why the Electoral College process should be used to elect the president of the United States and many reasons as to why the popular vote process should be used. For this same purpose, there is a controversy as to which process should be used. If I had a say into which should be used and which should not be used, I would rule in the favor of the popular vote process and not in the favor of the Electoral College process.

The first reason as to why I would be in favor of the popular vote process is that in the Electoral College process, big states are being more effective than small states. This might lead the small states to not vote because they feeel that they would not make a difference. Source #3 claim the following, " So, other things being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does...." When bigger states have more electoral votes, the candidates will be lead to thinking that if they get the bigger states, for example California who gets 55 electoral votes, to be in their favor then they might have a bigger chance at winning which will have the small states, like Hawaii who only gets 3 electoral votes, thinking that they have no say as to who gets to be their president. This claim is supported by source #3 when it is stated, "  Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote".

The second reason as to why I am not in the favor of the Electoral College process is because as said in source #3, " Voter is toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign- to really listen to the competing candidates- knowing that they are going to decide the election". Candidates mostly pay attention to states that have more electoral votes, this causes them to pay more attention to the bigger states and leave out the smaller ones, as already argued, some states get more electoral votes than others. Another reason why this is bad is because most states will not pay attention in the election because they will not make a difference. If popular vote were to be in action, then more people and citizens will pay attention because it will be a more interesting election since more epeople have a say and the candidates will pay attention to all states. Even the bigger states with more electoral votes know that they are the ones to basically decide the election.

The popular vote process is more effective and fair for the United States in choosing the President. Most people can argue in that favor as well. If you qwant the elections to be fair, I supposwe that you will pay attention to the voice of thousands of citizens and you will be fair.                         