Changing The Future

Times are changing. Driverless car technology is being created, with slow and steady progress. The technology for these type of cars has only been developed over the last few years because of a lack of technology. There are several companies trying to develop these cars, but they're pretty much at the same step. Knowing how driverless technology works, who is liable for damages, and how it will effect drivers is crucial to the possible future use of driverless cars.

Driverless technology has to be understood by the consumer. If the consumer does not know how this technology works, it could cause some serious damage.

The consumer has to realize that driverless cars aren't completely driverless, the consumer has to know that they have to remain attentive while being in the driver's seat. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." (Driverless Cares Are Coming paragraph 7). Without the realization that they have to be attentive, some bad accidents could occur.

Liability for the accidents caused by driverless cars has to be settled. The companies that make the driverless cars, or the driver, it is yet to be determined who would be at fault. The company for making flawed technology, or the driver for being in the car. "Still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturere?" (Driverless Cars Are Coming paragraph 9). This will be a huge issue if driverless cars do become legal. Driverless cars could effect the people in more way than one.

The effect of drivers in the future if cars become driverless. Their is a great possibility of issues coming with driverless cars, some subtle, and some severe. Also, who would want a driverless car if you still had to driver it? That does defeat the purpose of the name of the car. "Wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?" (Driverless Cars Are Coming paragraph 8). Being occupied while sitting there is imperative. People will become bored if they have to just sit in the seat all day long. Companies have to come of with entertainment systems, but an issue with that is losing attention. While being in the driver's seat of a driverless car, being attentive is imperative. There may be situations where the car cannot handle it, and it requires human skills. "This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." (Driverless Cars Are Coming paragraph 7). There is a double whammy right there. Companies have to balance out occupying the driver and keeping them attentive; but there is no way to be distracted and attentive at the same time.

The risks involved with driverless cars are way to high for the potential payoff. The technology that is being developed might have a future, but in the near future, there is no way it'll work. Right now, they aren't even driverless cars, the cars still require a driver. Surely there will be progress on that aspec of the cars. Just simple knowing how the cars work is the first obsticle. Also, being able to figure out who is liable for damages between the manufacturer, or the driver of the car is a huge issue that comes with this. Lastly, how it will effect future driver's skills, and attentiveness while driving. Will there be a future in this industry, or not? Only time will tell.          