Phones and Driving

As of 2017, an estimated 270 million people have a cell phone in the United States. Cell phones have been an everyday object that is addictive and is used for the majority of a day. In particular, cell phones are commonly used while driving, even though it sounds dangerous.

Driving requires focus on the road as well as the driver's surroundings and using cell phones while driving prevents that from occurring. Cell phones should not be used while driving because of the many dangers that tend to result from it.

Cell phones are extremely distracting because of the large amount of focus operating one requires. While driving, cell phones divert a driver's visual focus from the road to the screen of the mobile device which is very dangerous. The driver isn't able to see what's in front of them because their eyes are locked in on the screen of a cell phone which can possibly lead to a variety of negative outcomes. Texting while driving can lead to harm to health, government involvement, and vehicular harm.'

1 out of every 4 car accidents are caused by texting while driving and in the United States over 1.6 million car crashes occur annually. That means that every year over 400,000 car accidents result from texting and driving. Cell phone usage itself has a very negative impact on the body's health due to the blue light it transmits. The blue light hurts the eyes and is extremely detrimental while texting and driving. A driver must have good eyesight so that they are aware of their surroundings but using cell phones/mobile devices while driving hinders that. Studies have shown that texting while driving makes a driver lose focus more on the road than a driver being under the influence. Cell phone usage is very harmful because if an accident happens , then several degrees of physical injuries can occur and death can happen if the injuries that result are too serious to treat. Cell phone usage while driving should not be allowed due to the risk it has on the health of a driver.

In most states, texting while driving has become illegal due to the many health risks that result from it. Police officers have the ability to give a driver a citation/ticket for texting while driving. However, a significantly large number of drivers have found a loophole to evade getting a ticket and/or citation. They would not text and drive but instead they would have their cell phones in their hand but not actually text and drive. In order to counteract this loophole, some states have enforced a policy which states that a driver can be penalized for being in possession of a cell phone/mobile device when the vehicle is in motion. These policies are implemented so that no harm can occur due to cell phone usage while driving.

Using cell phones or mobile devices while driving can negatively impact the vehicle that a driver is driving whether it be a coupe, sedan, crossover, minivan, or truck. Texting while driving can lead to the quality of the vehicle declining due to any damage it may face such as a wreck. On the financial side, the vehicle's interest rate will most likely increase because texting while driving can lead to receiving tickets and/or citations that a driver potentially may receive.

The vehicle itself is something that the driver should bring into consideration and not use their cell phone/device while driving so that no harm comes to the vehicle.

The concept of using cell phones/mobile devices while driving is one that needs to get rid of immediately. There are countless outcomes that result from cell phone usage while driving and all of them are negative ones which shows that it should be banned. The health risks are severe as well as the vehicular risks and the government has had to step in because of the realization that using cell phones while driving is a lose-lose situation no matter what.   