School is a requirement for all children and young adults in the country, so distance learning would be beneficial to any students who are unable to attend. Reasons for this include mental and physical disabilities that may inhibit a child from experiencing a normal and comforting education, allows those who are sick or unable to attend certain days the opportunity to not fall behind, and would make attending class easier by not requiring students to wake up as early as they do and prepare for school.

As all humans and creatures on earth do, people will inevitably get sick. Because of this, students could miss crucial education and fall behind, creating a lull in their schedule as well as lowering their grades. By creating a system where students are able to work from home, unforeseen events such as an illness or injury will not be as great of a setback as before. From personal experience, only missing two days made a scenario where I had missed multiple tests, a plethora of notes and information, and in class assignments that I would end up turning in late, all while trying to complete the current work as well. While it does seem like a benefit to just skip the day to get better, walking to a computer and working from home does not require much work at all and would serve to be much more beneficial than missing a day of school.

Online learning can be either part time or full time, and thus if a full time online attendance is set in place, it would make attending class that much easier. By attending class online, students do not have to deal with the daily chores of waking up early, preparing for school, and in many cases rushing to leave in order to not be late. Being tardy for a class can be severely punished even if it was not directly the students fault, which could lower productivity and motivation. It is widely known that students complain about this dilemma already, and with online learning, it can be solved in a simple and cost effective way. Opposition to this idea might say that the social aspect of school is as important as education itself, yet this is not the reason for attending school, for it is to learn and prepare for college, adult life, and work.

Mental and physical disabilities are far spread greatly varied, and create situations where it is harder to preform physical tasks, learn, or even communicate with others in society. This causes a problem where it becomes difficult to attend school effectively, either due to the stress or confusion created by other students, or the literal inability to preform satisfactory and participate in certain activities. Certain students with autism, asbergers syndrome, etc, may find it extremely stressful to forcefully attend an environment where they are exposed to peer pressure, bullying, and sometimes harassment. Individuals with certain physical limitations such as being crippled or wheelchair bound may find it hard if not impossible to engage in activities such as sports, or even any activity that requires a major amount of movement. As somebody who has a family member with autism, I see the effects of going through this environment, and hear the many complaints and ways it upsets him every day. While it might be possible for physically handicapped people to find a way to work around their problem, people with mental disabilities will almost always attend some kind of specialized learning in school, which even then has flaws from being in school. Through online learning, these students can be given the opportunity to flourish in society through a comfortable environment.

The previously stated reasons reflect upon the need for online and distance learning to be more widely spread in this country. In doing so, many new opportunities will be created while making solutions to many challenges in every day life. All aspects and corners of life will be able to cope with school and their own education plans to make a future that benefits them and the rest of the world. Stress would most likely be lower than its current average in the student age group, and national grade averages would see a rise. This change could make the United States a more economically successful country due to higher education rates and success in schools, and make it look better as a whole.    