To Principle:

Community service is something people do voluntary, not something that should be required. Students have other things to worry about such as studying, homework, chores etc. There is already a lot of adults who volunteer for community service, and there's people who by law are forced to. Kids on the other hand shouldn't have to. Students don't need something else on their shoulders, school is for learning and nothing else.

Students have to study no matter what. Community service is like an obstacle that prevents kids to actually study. Already there is many students who don't study at all, and making all students do community service would discourage the small percentage who do. Doing things like cleaning and taking care of younger kids can be tiring. Even adults get tired of doing these things, imagine how a minor would feel. When a student is tired and has the choice to study or not they would most likely rather not; well after so much work they have just done. Not studying can lower test scores, and not to mention lower student grades.

As studying weren't enough of an issue, with all this community service where can a student find time to do their homework? Of course, those who choose to volunteer for community service find their way; they figure out their own schedule. But what about those new goer's? A change of schedule can be very frustrating, especially when it means doing your homework late at night. There's another reason why it could affect the use of homework. When you have such a tight schedule (which can be harder to those who play sports or clubs) your only option is to do your homework at night. Which is really bad because students end up having less hours of sleep, which is required for a good healthy day. Homework should be done right after school, but with this new task it wouldn't be possible.

What about certain chores students have to do at home? Parents as we all know are very strict about chores, and when a kid doesn't accomplish them, parents can get really mad. Of course you can prevent that by actually doing them in first place; but what if you have to community service first? Your parents might understand the situation you in, so they'll probably post pone "clean up" day to the week end. Which is the only days a student has to forget about their troubles at school. There's another reason, socially this would ruin social activity after school; since students have to study, do their homework, and do their chores all before bed time. Chores is enough, why do city chores the community already volunteers for.

In conclusion, i believe the idea of making students do community service is absurd and completely irrational. Students have social lives they need to fulfill. Our tax money is going to the cause anyway so why bother. People get payed for this stuff so it shouldn't be a privilege. Community service just shouldn't be required in school, it should be voluntary.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME