Should summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed?

On the first day of

Summer Break one is thinking about all the things he's going to be doing, like:relax all day, go on vacation, hang out with friends or family, play video games, and do non-school related things. Suddenly, he or she gets an email from their teacher saying,"I hope everyone is enjoying summer so far, over the summer you will have to do a project on what you have learned this year." At the end of the email is the instructions the teacher says you have to do for your project. After reading the email one closes his laptop or turns off his phone with anger, because that one teacher ruined his summer.

How are people supposed to enjoy their summer break when a teacher gives them school-related stuff to do. Some teachers complain all the time about them having to grade all types of work when a student doesnt do his work. Teachers shouldn't complain because,all they had to do is not give students any work especially over the summer. Then that will make the teachers job way much easier, because they won't have much stuff to grade and worry about planning to do.

Summer projects should be student-designed because, first of all student-designed projects, our more relaxful then teacher-designed projects. Student-designed projects would show more creativeness, and is more helpful. Second, they can show how much one has learned. While teacher-designed projects are much more stressful, one will have to do it rule,by rule, by rule, one little mess up can lower your score by a whole grade. On teacher- designed projects the teacher also won't really tell who learned more, because they will all be very similar. Teacher-designed projects are also boring, because it's better when you can use your own ideas instead of someone else ideas. Teachers most of the time always give the people with the most perfectly organized project the best grade, when they dont even have good facts or anything about the project, while the people with not that good of organization but a lot of good information on the project get a lower grade.

One might ask, "what is the reason for having a project during summer because that is when we have a break from school?"

That's just like saying,"why do athletes like basketball players practice during off season?" If a athlete does not practice during off season, they can probably lose their skill, be out of shape,and not get any better for the next season. Just like if we dont have any projects or work over the summer we can forget how to do certain stuff, and not be ready for the next school year. I still dont agree with the idea of projects during summer though because thats what fourth quarter projects should be about. It should be about what you learned over the school year, instead of having to waste time in the summer doing a project . If one still had to do a project over the summer it should also be optional extra credit for the next school year. One shouldn't be forced to do school work over a time when you are supposed to be enjoying the summer off. One of my favorite sayings is from Allen Iverson when he said,"Practice? Your'e talking bout practice? I am an All Star and you are talking about practice?" That is what I would think about if a teacher emailed me during the summer and is talking to me about doing a project when i should be resting. What's the point of summer if you are just going to be doing school work?      