There are schools that offer distance learning for students so that they can work in their homes on computers. Online learning can be beneficial to the student for health reasons or personal reasons; however, sometimes distance learning is not as beneficial as the classroom experience. There are many aspects of a physical classroom that online students will miss out on. Online classes can be simple for the student, but the simplicity of online learning is not enough for the education of the student. Even though online classes can make students feel comfortable with working on their own time, classroom instruction is more beneficial to students than online classes because it helps students gain social experience with their peers, helps students communicate easily with their teachers, and helps students remember lesson material better with physical experience.

Online learning can be beneficial to the student when it comes to students' individual schedules. There are students have jobs, have lots of homework, and have emergencies, so online classrooms can benefit these students because online learning can allow the student to work on their own pace. For example, if a student has a death in the family, the student should take time off from school to mourn and attend services. If that student missed classroom taught classes, the learning experience the student missed cannot be brought back since the entire class as whole moves on through a designated schedule, and the student would have much work to catch up on in little time. But, if the student was taking online classes and missed multiple classes, the student would only worry little in comparison to a classroom student. Since online classes allow students to work on their own time, the student with the family emergency can always catch up whenever he is done with his personal business and he does not have to worry about other classmates' progress in the class. That way, online learning can be beneficial to the student.

However, the social experience between a student and his peers in the classroom can help the student grow as an individual with good social skills. In the classroom, there must be some communication between the students. For instance, communication among the students is present when the teacher assigns group work. In group projects, such as PowerPoint presentations, Google Slides presentations, dioramas, posters, and videos, students need to work together to complete the assignment. Through this experience, students can create good communication skills with each other and make friends comfortably. This characteristic of the physical classroom cannot be found in a digital classroom. In a digital classroom, students do not see other peers in person, making communication harder. Also, students do not know what is happening behind the screen with other students. Students may mistakenly distort communication with each other, eventually ruining peer relationships. Learning social skills from the classroom will help students' social skills in the outside world, so it is important that students take the physical route to classroom learning rather than online learning.

Student communication with the teacher becomes easier when the student is in a classroom rather than in an online class. In a physical classroom, the teacher is usually present and is easily accessible, but in an online class, the teacher is not always there when a student needs them; the student would have to rely on sending an email or sending a message through a school-sponsored online chat and wait for a response. The waiting time can range from seconds to hours, or perhaps, days, depending on the teacher's schedule. For example, in the summer, a student may take an online class for economics and personal finance. There would be a time where the student would need to ask a proctor a question about the testing rules, so in that situation, he would email and wait for a response before the test date. However, the student received an email regarding testing rules after the test date. In situations like this, there is uncertainty in determining when the proctor will respond since the student does not know exactly when the proctor is online; but, in a classroom, this scenario would not happen. Because the student is face to face with the teacher, he gets an immediate response. This makes the situation much easier and stress free for the student.

Physical experience can help students learn better in a class than on a computer. Online, the student is limited to a screen with lesson materials on it. Also, schools and teachers are limited to adding documents, websites, and tests online. Because of these limits, the online experience feels dull and straightforward with tests and documents. In a physical classroom, there are lectures, models, posters, and hands-on activities available to the student. These physical resources can help a student remember class materials better through the unique experience they would go through. Unlike the online learning experience, a physical learning experience is flexible and fun to the student. A computer will fail to produce these resources to the students because of its limited functionality from technology.

Classroom taught classes are more beneficial to students rather than online classes because of the social skills students attain, the simple communication the students have with teachers, and the memorable physical experience the students gain. These significant differences in physcial classrooms and online classrooms should be taken into consideration by many schools when deciding whether or not they should offer online classes. Technology should not be overused by schools in the age of modern technology; otherwise, modern students will lose the social skills and educational benefits a classroom would have brought. Classroom-based classes will benefit the future of students.