Do you think attending class online from home will benefit you and your studies? My sister took a class online that was required for her to graduate. She rushed through it and it was a huge waste of time. Therefore she didn't gain any knowledge. It would've been more beneficial if she took the class in school with a teacher in the same room as her with more instruction. Attending a class online at home can prevent you from: learning your social skills, participating with hands on work, learning time management skills.

School is a very important part to peoples life. Not only the learning aspect is important, but also the social aspect. You meet new people,not only in the beginning but also at the very end. You form relationships with others and get to make so many memories. I met my best friend in first grade and she is still my best friend. Her name is Generic_Name. She has introduced me to so many other people and has got me out of my comfort zone. My favorite part about the friendship is the memories we have made, the trust we gained, and the respect we have for each other. She has made me a better person and has opened up my eyes to be able to accept others no matter what they look like or how they feel on the inside. Some may argue that you can make a best friend with the people you go to church with, however you don't necessarily get to see them everyday which can lead to not communicating to them and loosing the bond you have with that person. I have made so many other friends through my Abby and we have such a strong bond with all of us its hard to break. I get so exited to wake up early and go to school just see my best friends, which always makes my day better. If I were to attend class online I wouldn't be the person I am today.

Participating with hands on work and instructions by a teacher is important to students learning abilities. Their job as a teacher is to inform you about the information your presented with, and be able explain it to you the best way possible. Therefore, you can retain it and be able to apply it when it comes into play. I was in my 7th grade science class on a Monday. The week before I took a test on the biology of a spider. I didn't learn anything about it because I was sick and wasn't present in the class for the lesson and instruction given by my teacher. I missed a whole week and in the week my teacher gave out ways to help remember the information about the spiders life. I struggled so much on the test and didn't perform well. My teacher gave me the opportunity to retake it. I stayed after school and took notes while she presented me with details and ways to remember the steps of the spiders biology. That night I went home and re wrote my notes out until I can remember all the information she taught me. I took the test. Later, I found out I scored perfect on it. Im a visual learner and have to be present in class to be able to comprehend what I learn. I have to write everything down or drawl it out so my brain will be able to remember the information. If I don't remember the information on a specific test I have coming up, I can go back into my notes I wrote and re-write it out so I see the words again and again which helps my brain remember it better.

Some may argue that, getting instruction by teachers is a waste of time, however it helps students find clarity in the information they are presented with, which they are required to learn and know it. Its harder to learn over a screen and be able to retain the information that is just presented to you without explanation.

Being able to managing your time with school work now is a very important tool you will also need for later in life. Being on top of your school work means being able to complete it and turning it in on time. My friend attended school online from 1st-8th grade. When she got to high school she didn't know how much time she should give her self to get all her work done. She struggled with it and ended up failing all her classes her first 2 years of high school. She was so distracted by other things while she was doing her work, likewise, she never completed the work that she needed to get done and ended up not turning the work in. The summer going into her junior year she was depressed but also was very stressed. She ended up committing suicide and it was very hard for me as well as a lot of people to comprehend. A lot of students have a hard time with this task because you have to plan it out and go step by step through the process, but also giving your self enough extra time just in case you dont get it done within that period of time. Its a hard task to map out due to peoples distractions happening internally or externally in their lives. Some may argue that you would dont need to manage your time because it won't effect your school life, however, managing your time is such a helpful tool that will help you become a successful person not only in your academic life but also your work life when your older. With attending classes online could prevent you from learning how to manage your work and can significantly effect your mental health.

Its important for you to attend class in a school environment for you to get the best education. It can also help set you up to be successful, become the best person you can be, and to learn tools that can help you later in life. In the past, students haven't obtained much information while attending online class and puts them below average. That effects their life in a negative way and adds a lot of stress into their lives. Students could be more involved with work and enjoy school if they attended school on a regular. If we get ride of students attending online classes it will help students become a more out going person, learn the task that will help their life be more successful, and teach them the best way they learn. 