The Electoral College is a process by which we vote for electors- not actually the president themself. When you vote for the electors, they decide who will be the president. We, as voters, have a right to be able to vote for whomever we choose; not someone to choose for us. We should change the Electoral College to election by popular vote because it gives the people a say in who runs our country, an easier way to elect persons into office, and no one state has more of a say.

Many poeple believe that we are voting for the president when we vote for our electors, but in reality, we are voting for them to vote. We, as the people of the United States of America, have always had the right to freedom (freedom of speech, religion, ect.)- so why don't we have the freedom to directly choose our president? In the source, 'The Indefensible Electoral Coolege: Why even the best-laid defences of the system are wrong', it states "...voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." This means that we do not vote directly, only for someone else to decide our fate. Written in the text fo the first source, 'What Is the Electoral College?', it reads "...when you vote for your canidate you are actually voting for your canidate's elecotrs." With this method, we are never getting results directly, only becoming the middle-man when we should be front and center.

Most think that if we have electors we won't have as much trouble getting a person in office. In the eleventh paragraph, in 'Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral Coolege: Why even the best-laid defences of the system are wrong', under 'What's wrong with the electoral college', its speaks of a "disaster factor". The "disaster factor" is when we vote for electors and they defy the will of the people; as this had almost happened with segregationists, nearly making the popular vote for Kennedy not go to Kennedy. As well as the fact that we could easily of had a tie in the electoral vote. As it says in the second source, the matter would fall into the hands of the House of Representatives "...the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president." This means each state has one vote, meaning the will of the people wouldn't have much say in the election.

People in a state all have the same electors, made by a popular vote, practically taking away the people's voice. If things were to change to popular vote we would all have a say in each election. In the Electoral College way of voting, it is "...unfair to voters. Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state." Along with the fact that in the Electoral College way, the amount of electors is based on population, making the people of a small state insignifigant. "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the canidates at all..." If all small states stay this way, they may never be able to have a say in any big decision made by the public.

In conclusion, we, as the people of the United States of America, need to inderstand that the road we are headed down with the Electoral College, is not a good road. We need to stand up and allow everyone to be able to have a say in elections. With the popular vote every citizen will have they're own say in what gets made of our beautiful country. We, the people, need to make the change from Electoral College voting to popular vote becauseit gives people a say in who runs our country, an eaier way to elect someone into office, and no one state has more of a say than another.    