The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" believes that studying Venus is something that should be done even though it can be very dangerous. The author gives multiple reasons to why we should explore the planet, or learn more about it. However, some people think the dangers of Venus outweigh the benefits of pursuing research on it. The author supports the idea of studying Venus even though it can be very dangerous. He provides many details, and facts as to why it's a good idea.

First off, the author tells what Venus is like. He states that Venus is often referred to as Earth's "twin". This is because Venus and Earth are close in size, density, and at some points in orbit are the closest planets in the solar system. It is also believed that at one point, Venus was a lot like Earth is now. "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" states, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our soloar system.". The article goes on to say Venus most likely had large oceans that supported life, and the planet has things like craters, valleys, and mountains that we also have here on Earth. The author including these details helps get the point across that Venus is a lot like Earth, and with the little research been done already, we've found so much. This helps readers understand that the longer Venus is studied, the more we will learn about it.

Next, the author gives possible ways to study Venus safely, and effciently. The author states, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray.". Stating ways that Venus can be studied with people not being put in danger helps get the authors point across. The article also touches on how floating above the surface could keep those studying the planet safe. Temperatures would still be high, but nothing the spacecraft couldn't handle, the air pressure would be like how it is on Earth at sea level, soloar power would be bountiful, and radiation would be no higher than the levels on Earth. The text then states, "Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans.". Although this would not be an easy job, it is possible to study Venus safely. The details used in this paragraph help convey the authors point that studying Venus can be done safely and that it should continue to happen.

Last, the author gives more ways Venus can be studied safely using different technology. While talking about different approaches to studying Venus the author states, "...simplified electronics...have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks...". This quote also helps the reader understand that studying Venus can be done in a safe and harmless way. Using this new technology could help research on Venus advance, and keep those doing the research out of harm's way. The author then goes on to talk about a different technology that was used in World War 2 that can also be used as a new method to study Venus. These are called mechanical computers, and they use gears and levers rather than the electronics that actual computers use. The mechanical computers are made of mechanical parts which are stronger, so they shouldn't be damaged as easily. These are just a few of the ways technology can help safely advance the study of Venus.

In conclusion, it is important Venus is continued to be studied and researched. The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" does a great job of conveying to his audience why studying Venus is important even though it is dangerous. In the last paragraph, the author says, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value...". Studying Venus can help advance many things, and our knowledge of other planets could grow from this as well. There have been many safe ways found to study Venus, so it should be done. The author also states that, "Our travels on Earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts...". This quote also shows that the author believes the study of Venus should continue even though it can be dangerous. If we didn't study things just because they're dangerous, then we would have nothing dicovered. The author of this article believes the study of Venus should continue, and does very well at conveying that by telling the audience Earth and Venus are a lot alike, gives new, safer ways to study Venus, and gives examples of technology that could also make the study of Venus a lot safer and easier.