Many students would benefit from attending classes at home. School is a very chaotic place and students suffer from many things on a day to day basis from bullying, interruptions from staff, teachers, and even other students. The students would love the idea since they can learn at their own pace and still be able to focus and get their work done. Attending classes from home can help the student focus on learning and finish school work at most.

A lot of things can happen to the student if they were to stay in school.

Majority of students that attend any type of school suffer from anxiety, pressure, and many other things. Having them in a quiet area would help them out a lot so they can refrain from any distractions or anything else that can interrupt their school work and make them feel overwhelmed. With the student staying home they will have a better surrounding and environment at home rather than being at school with all of the chaotic things that happen there.

One on one time would also benefit the student with a massive impact. Students often get irritated with the fact that teachers would have a line of students asking for questions but their question is far more important. With the student being at home they could get that question answered right then and there without them having to wait minutes for their question be answered. Even questions that are outside of school and the question is urgent, it could help the student out a lot since they may not feel comfortable talking to their parent about it.

Parents believe that a student would rather benefit from going to school and doing the work rather than staying at home and doing their classes there. However, there are many possibilities and dangers outside of home that can ruin the students experience going to school and doing their classes there. Students staying at home would not only benefit the student but also the parents since the outside world especially school can be a scary place.

Having classes at home is a very big step for the schools but it can be done and it would make a huge impact to the students and the parents.

If a student did not feel comfortable with the school environment having them be at home in their space, and area it could show a lot of postive results to other parents and students. Students wouldn't have to feel groggy in the morning or be late to any class since they could just be at home and take everything at their own pace with a specific time end date of course. Having classes at home instead of going to school would be a big difference in the world today. 