In the first source its explain what a Electoral College is which is not a place it's a process the finding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a Congress vote and by a popular vote of qualified citizens. Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the eledtors where they vote between a President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. The Electoral College has about 538 electors a majority of 270 are electoral votes is required to elect the President by which your state entitled allotment of electors equals the numer of members in its Congressional delegation: one for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators. The 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, the District of the Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. For this reason, in the following discussion, the word "state" also refers to the District of the Columbia.

The second source talks about the Indefensible Electoral College:Why even the best best-laid defenses of the system are wrong like in the first sentence "What have Richard Nixion, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFl-CIO all, in their time, agreed on? The answer is Abolishing the electoral college! They're not alone; according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore--thanks to the quirks of the electoral college--won the popular vote but lost the presidency, but over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. This following year voter have expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency but yet the electoeral college still has its defenders. What give?...

The last source for the story talks about the defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President. Electoral College is widely regared as an anachronism and a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declasring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. The advocatesos this postion are coorect in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a modern sense ... it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. Your votes for a presidential candidate your're actually voting for a slate of electors. There are a selects of parties that a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee.         