Dear Florida State Senator,

Every 4 years, many people vote for a president they think will lead the United States to greatness; some, however, don't know that they are voting for the Electoral College to vote on their choise. This act of using the Electoral College is, by definition, not democratic. Didn't our founding fathers create this country promising democracy and people representation? They did, and that is why the Electoral College must crumble. Florida State Senator, we need to change how our country votes on its leader; we need to use popular vote for the president of the United States because this method is more democratic, the people representing the  Electoral College are flawed humans, and the nature of this type of election forces some states to be ignored. Florida State Senator, you must take action against the flawed Electoral College!

Because of the function of the Electoral College, the people aren't truly represented for. According to Source 2, the voters--the ones supposedly voting for our new president--vote for a group of electors instead. Due to the power of the Electoral Colleg, electors can vote for any candidate. This process we have every 4 years is truly un-democratic. For example, during the 2000 election, Al Gore was the candidate with the most popular votes--this meant that the majority of the citizens of the U.S. wants him to be president. However, Al Gore lost since the majority of electors from the Electoral College voted him. Lastly, in the case of a time, the lection will truly be un-democratic; the House of Representatives will have to choose the new president. The people may allow continued usage of the imperfect Electoral College, but there is still one major problem: the Electoral College is made up of flawed, easily manipulated humans.

According to Source 1, the electors are made up of people chosen by the candidate's political party. Immediately, these electors can easily decide on the candidate to vote on; it's just the matter of the amount of electors each candidate has. Also, the electors are human beings, and everyone knows that humans are flawed creatures. According to Source 2, electors have been replaced to be against the opposing candidate or wait until the last minute to vote. Although, according to Source 3, the electors are chosen and are given trust, others can still influence them. Candidates or even political parties can influence the electors to vote for their chosen person. Lastly, Florida State Senator, the nature of the Electoral College forces some states to be ignored.

Florida State Senator, as you may know, the candidate for presidency usually go to the "swing" states to win "the people's" vote. People, however, from the non-swing states are generally ignored. During the 2000 election, 17 states weren't even able to see a candidate they are voting for the title of president. Although it is understandable that candidates go to the "swing" and populous states, there is no excuse for ignoring thousands of people from the small states. The president of the United States is the president for an entire country, not just a region of it. Voters from the non-swing states will still want to see the candidate to decide on who to vote for, even though they aren't voting for the actual candidate. The Electoral College is imperfect and un-democratic!

In conclusion, the Electoral College and its electors must be disbanded so that popular vote will be used in determining the new president of the United States. According to both Source 2 and 3, the process of voting a group of people to vote for you is un-democratic. Electors, the people making up th Electoral College, can be manipulated and coerced into voting a specific candidate. Lastly, non-swing states will be ignored; this will anger and frustrate them since not one candidate tried to persuade them. Florida State Senator, you must, in the best of your ability and then some, try to topple down the un-democratic roots of the Electoral College. The people, the ones who must truly decide on the president, will be immensely greatful towards you; in a 2000 poll, 60% of the voters even stated that they want a popular-vote type of election. Florida State Senator, I implore to you, abolish the Electoral College in the same manner as with slavery. Many people will thank you!    