Phones and Driving

Today in the 21st century , phones have evolved to more of a necessity than that of a want. Almost everyone has phone these days and use it very frequently. Cell phones can be very distracting in every day activities like school , work , and worst of all , driving . The United States 1 out of 4 car accidents is due to driving while using a phone . That's 1.6 million crashes per year ! The use of phones while driving has escalated over the years and it is getting more prevalent and actions must be taken to not have drivers to be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle .

One reason as to why people should not be able to use their phone while driving is because the risk of death is so high . The use of cell phones while driving now has taken place as the leading cause of death in the United States . The leading cause before that was drinking while driving . Statistically ,1 in 4 car crashes in the United States are caused by the use of cell phones while driving . 391,000 people were injured due to that in 2017 which doesn't even compare itself to the low number of 39,773 gun deaths in 2017 . Both of these are horrible situations to ever be in but a lot of people are ignorant to the toll driving while using your cell phone is . Though the numbers are generally associated with teenagers , these statistics could be any ones' life . Life is precious and the fact that it can be lost for some careless act is not ideal and should be stopped .

Not could self phone use while driving be the cause of your own death , it can also be the cause of death of those around you as well . Some people view it was selfish that one person would risk sending a text knowing that it has the potential to kill an innocent person or peoples . A text can always wait when others' lives are on the line . Its an over-estimation of one's personal confidence when driving . Noone that texts and drives really thinks and analyzes the hard that they are doing or can do to all the people in the cars around them . In the cars are innocent mothers , fathers, children , veterans , teachers ect . It goes without saying that they don't deserve to die due to someone thinking that because they've texted and driven before , noone will die .

The actions that can be taken now to prevent so much fatalities currently is to lead by example . Even if at a red light , don't be a selfish person and respond to a text . If the temptation is too high , turn your phone off or put it away somewhere in your car . Make sure to be alert of your surroundings and stay focused while driving . And if one day it so happens that the person who is driving you happens to be texting and driving , speak out . If you would want to help the cause you can always speak out and promote safety in you community .

Too many people have lost their lives due to either their own decision to text and drive , or someone else's selfish decision . Many companies and state governments are currently trying to fix these horrible statistics and put and end to texting and driving . States have already passed laws to make is illegal to be using the phone while driving . Our current culture has become too dependent on technology and we must learn to resist the temptation and impulse . We must realize that life is too precious and too valuable to let it be taken away due to a text message . Once we and other people realize how deadly and dangerous texting and driving is , we can prevent the statistics to grow even more for future generations .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    