Just like the Google cofounder Sergey Brin, I too also visualize a future where cars just aren't much of a use to the world much anymore. I envision cats being used with less gas and being much more functional than other public transportation systems. Driverless cars were an option that was invented because the option of ideal roads were objectified, leaving only the option for smart cars. Smart cars perphaps are definitely seen as "Smart Cars" because they have apparent anneminities such as sensors that further promote the name of a "Smart Car." The spinning sensor on the roof of some smart cars is an ideal invention that is an important part of what makes a smart car smart. The combination of sensors allow the smart car to mimic the skill of a driverless car. Sensors have become more advanced allowing for a significant signal of apparent danger which in some cases is btweer than what a human can do alone. Sensors add for a safer and more productive car which has the qualities of keeping drivers and other passengers safe.

Smart Cars also have the capability of obtaining the antilock brakes. Sebastian Thurn believes that the technology of this generation compared to generations before us have come a long way, and that before Smart Cars, the was interesting qualities of cars we used before Smart Cars such as the absence of sensors, computers, and navigation.

The "Traffic Jam Assistant" was invented in 2013 which allowed the car to handle navigating at speeds higher than 25mph. This invention was a breakthrough, but also allowing for the driver to maintain control at all times. The "Traffic Jam Assistant" allows for the car to be capable of practically driving itself but also allows for the driver to take control in areas where humans are necessary for driving.

Cameras, drivers seats that vibrate when a vehicle is in danger, and flashing lights on windshields see all components that are possible to add to the already sustainable Smart Cars to make them more interesting, effective, and productive.

I feel that driverless cars would be a great addition to our society benefitting drivers in numerous ways. Smart Cars have sensors, antilock brakes, a built in Traffic Jam Assistant", and other anneminities such as cameras, vibrating drivers seats, and windshields with lights. These are all great contributions that would benefit drivers in numerous ways.