Ever thought of a car that drives itself? Seems pretty crazy right? Its been shown in movies and televison and it seems pretty impossible. In reality, people are actually trying to make it happen, there has been proto types of cars that are mostly driveless and testing of many kinds. Whether it happens or not, theres a weighing question of is it a good idea? It is a bad idea, they should not make cars driveless because it cost a lot, may not even ever work, and its dangerous.

Money is a huge factor to this type of technology, can you imagine the cost of developing thousands and millions of cars that have such an advanced technology to be able to drive, brake, get to a destination all by itself? Its pretty expensive to even to make a proto type or test run these so called "Diverless Cars". If a car like such is created how would the world be changed? Not only would the car itself be expensive to create but theres more factors to just creating the cars, its how the cars themslef work. In the article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming" the author tells about some proto types or car similar to the "Driverless car" image. The authors gives an example about cars that uses sensors or radio signals that are telling the cars what to do. That means, the roads would have to give off certain signals that contribute to the car itself, the roads and lights would also have to have signals and sensors. It would cost tons of money to do things such as rebulid roads or lights so cars like these would properly worl.

The car that drives themself may never actually be a thing, there is so much to it. The cars may never truly be driveless, technology cannot do everything humans do. There is always going to be times an actual driver may need to come in. Things such as, traffic or crashes or roadwork and there is no way of telling if driverless cars may be able to adapt to that. Not only is adapting a problem but is our technology advanced enough to have driverless cars? We as a society are advanced in the technology area but is it advanced enough to develop cars that are able to know where to go or what to do just like humans are? Technology things do not think like humans, they don't think at all, they have to be programed a certain way and there is always surprises or certain situations that these cars would not be able to do it properly or safely.

Safety. This is quite the biggest concern with a product such as a driverless car. How can you insure that these cars are 100% safe? The cars technology may run into a problem later on that it, itself is not advanced enough to know exactly what to do so it may cause a person danger. The whole car is made of technology and we can not rely on it, things happens, technology may not always work. There has to be certain signals or things such as a battery life, or the technology may just fail altogether. If someone was to be in a driveless car and the system in the car or the technology were to crash was stops the car from doing the same? If the technology messes up and the car doesn't know when to stop it could cause a crash. Technology can never be completely relied on, until it can, there will always be safety issues or concerns and thats enough not to make something that could be very dangerous to someones life.

Driverless cars seem like a huge thing, people are trying to create this dream. People are taking steps to make cars that are so advanced they can drive themselves, but that shouldn't be a thing because of the cost, we are not that advanced in our lifetime, and its a patenually dangerous idea.       