Dear State Senator, I propose that we change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States rather than having the Electoral College. I say this because the Electoral College is unfair to voters in many ways more than one.

I'll start off by saying that Electoral College is unfair to voters. I strongly agree about this because under the electoral college system, voters do not vote for the president, they vote for a slate of electors, who then elect the president. This system is unfair because you don't always know who your electors are and you can't always control who the electors vote for. If you can't or don't know who they are voting for, then how can we trust them with the fate of our country? Although us people don't always make the right decisions, at least with popular vote we would all know that our votes wouldn't be put in someone elses hands.

To continue my agruement, the Electoral College is also unfair in this way. Say if there was to be a tie in electoral votes, the election would be given to the House of Representatives. Then the state delegations would vote for the president and the Senate would chose the vice president. When this would happen you would then not know who they were going to vote for and what your government's fate would be. So again if we had election by popular vote this wouldn't happen.

Lastly, the Electoral College is unfair to voters by the winner-take-all system. Since there is a winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. An example of this is back during the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't get to see the candidates at all. Some of the largest media markets didn't even see a single campaign ad. This is completely unfair and ridiculous to all potential voters.

In the end, I think that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and ridiculous. With all the valid points and arguments I have made, they make a pretty good reason to abolish the electoral college.    