Mars has been a planet that we have been exploring for many years. We have discovered many abnormal objects on the planet. In 1976, we took a picture of the region Cydonia, and we found something that seemed to look like a human face. Our eyes are adapted to recognizing faces and that is why we recognized the face on Mars more easily. Higher quality images that were taken in 2001 show that the face on Mars is no sign of ancient civilization on Mars but in fact a mesa. It is a natural landform just like it would be on our home planet of Earth. Although some conspiracy theorists say differently, and think that is some sort of ancient civilization building these objects.

First off, the cameras that we have today are more advanced than the ones we had. The first picture that was taken of the face on Mars was taken in 1976 and the quality back then was not as good as it is now. The picture that was taken in 2001 was a higher quality picture and scientists figured out that is was just a mesa and not a sign of any ancient civilization on Mars. For example the camera used in 1976, spanned 43 meters compared to the camera NASA used in 2001 spanned 1.56 meters. In the picture of 1976, the shadows that were present that day formed an illusion that made it seem like there was a face. In paragraph two of the article "Unmasking the Face on Mars" it says that, "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh."

Another thing is that, Jim Garvin, a cheif scientist from NASA's Mars Exploration Program, compared the Martian mesa to natural landforms that occur here on Earth. In paragraph 12, Garvin said, " It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about thye sane height as the Face on Mars." Jim Garvin is saying that these formations on Mars are very similar to the ones that we have here on Earth. He is also saying that there os no face on Mars.

In contrast, conspiracy theorists say that there is a face on Mars and that there is ancient civilization on Mars. In paragraph 8, it says that, " The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face. Perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings we hidden by haze." Conspiracy theorists also state that NASA would rather hide the evidence that there is an ancient civilization on Mars, as it says in paragraph 5. Also stated in paragraph 5, is that the defenders of NASA wish that there was an ancient civilization on Mars.

The face has been a pop icon ever since the discovery of the formation. the face will always be a piece of history and will always been known to man. If there was an actual face on Mars then that would be a sign of life. The face ended up eing a mesa and nothing else besides that. Although it would have been an exciting discovery for NASA, we still have much more of space that is unknown and unexplored. NASA is bound to find some kind of incredible object. We will have to wait until that day comes and find something incredible and will be part of the incredible true story of space.                             