The United States has always had people complaining about the Electoral College, and that's exactly what I'm about to do.  I think that the Electoral College was probably a good idea at first, but it's not very helpful for the elections.  The Electoral College, as you know, has people from every state, some states having more on it than others based on the population.  It's not right to have a few people have just as big of a say as hundreds of thousands of people.

I read from "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" and learned that in 2000, Al Gore won the popular vote from the people, but then lost the election because the Electoral College voted against him.  That means that the president was not picked based on who the people of this country wanted, but who only a small amount of people wanted.  How does that make any sense at all? There's no way to defend that.  If it's OUR country, WE should be the ones voting for who we want to lead us, not a couple of people who think they're more important than the rest of the population that votes.

What happens if there's a tie in the Electoral College?  We're going to take it to the House of Representatives?  That means ONE person will be representing their whole entire state's vote.  How safe is that?  I'm sure if it comes down to it and we have to do that, there's going to be a lot of people who aren't happy.  It doesn't even make sense to have one person have as much say as their whole state put together.

There are some good things about the Electoral College, though. I admit the Electoral College would be good when the people's votes are close or maybe even tie, but how often is that going to happen?  I think it's also smart that when you vote for who you want to be president, you also vote for their electors.  That's much better than having to vote for a president and the electors separately.  It'd be much easier though if we got rid of electors all together.

It's kind of like when you're at a crossroads.  You and someone else get there at the same time.  They're to your right, so they have the right of way and can go first.  It doesn't matter that you got there at the same exact time, or even if you're going somewhere more important than where they're going.  It's like that with the election.  The Electoral College and the state may both be voting, but the Electoral College has the "right of way" and has more importance over us, whether they care who they're voting for or not.

The Electoral College was made a long time ago by people that some will argue were a lot smarter than us, but as times change, so should rules.  I don't think it was a dumb idea, it seems smart as a whole, but I just don't think when you actually put it in use it's fair.  When you cast your vote, you want it to mean something, but if someone else exactly like you happens to be one of the electors for the College and votes for someone else, their vote is a lot more important.

There's a lot to be said about the Electoral College... Both good and bad, but in the end there isn't much anyone who is normal and whose vote barely counts for anything can do.  We can say how bad it is however much we want.  We can throw at you facts upon facts about how unnecessary or unfair the Electoral College is.  In the end, it's up to the government to decide what will happen, as it always has been.

To sum it all up, the Electoral College isn't a smart way to help decide who should be president. This is the United States of America, it's for the people and made by the people, so why on Earth should they not be able to be the only ones to pick who will run them as a country?

Please take into consideration everything I have said.  Thank you.    