Dear State Senator:

The Electoral College is only taking your personal vote for a leader for our economy and putting into into another persons perspective. That's unfair. When you make a vote about the leader of your country, you want to be independent. You want to feel like you are doing something great to help your country. Everyone does. The electoral college needs to be abolished for the sake of our citizens. We would all benefit from changing the voting system to Popular Vote, on voting for the president of the United States.

Think about it, what good is the Electoral College system doing for our society. Its surely letting the state electors get their opinion. In source #2,

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, by Bradford Plumer , says, " Prehaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. " Who wants that? What's it even worth voting then if your vote, your vote on the leader of America gets put into the hands of the House Of Representatives to decide on. Think about it.

I can see why people would want to keep it. In source #3,

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President , by Ricard A. Posner, says "The Electoral College is a widely regarded as an anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring a canidate who receives the most popular votes the winner." It does offer support that maybe our country needs. Maybe we do need help in choosing who our president should be. The Electoral College gives us us a more official point of view on which president should be elected.

Some people have a hard time realizing what the Electoral College is even doing for our society. Me included. In Source #2,

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, by Bradford Plumer, says

"It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best." I think its best to say the Electoral college IS outdated, it IS unfair and irrational. Its simply taking away from your one voice of a citizen of the United States of America  and vanishing it into thin air. Stick up for yourself and abolish the Electoral College.

In souce #1,

Does the Electoral College Work?

, by the Office of the Federal Register, says " The Electoral College process consists of the selection of electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for the president and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress." Don't let the electoral votes get in the way of your own. Vote for independence, Vote for your voice, your vote being heard, vote to abolish the Electoral College!                                                               