Students attend school everyday with hundreds of other students around them. The amount of small interactions one student could have with another are countless. Large public gatherings are a recipe for the spread of diseases. There has recently been a rise of concern about the infamous Coronavirus. A solution to prevent the spread of the virus includes, but is not limited to, students attending online school to lower the chances of it spreading quickly. This solution is a well advised decision. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home for many reasons. Firstly, they won't fall behind in classes when they are too ill to be in a public space. Secondly, they can still receive their education when they don't have proper transportation. Lastly, they can still interact with classmates and teachers in an unconventional setting. These are just a few reasons as to why students would benefit from being able to attend classes online.

Cold and flu season comes every year, leaving those who are unfortunate enough to have caught it, unable to attend school for at least a week, or however long a doctor recommends they should stay home. When these students come back to school, they are bombarded with make-up work that needs to be completed as soon as possible. Classes don't stop for students when they take a leave of absence. If students were able to attend online school, they wouldn't have to catch up on work because they would still be able to do it at home with the proper instructions and could still ask for help when needed. Teachers can get sick as well, sudden symptoms can make teachers leave abruptly without assigning work for students or leaving notes for substitutes. This sets students behind and could be prevented if students could attend online classes. Making online school a plausible option would also promote better attendance because students wouldn't have to physically be at school to be marked present.

While having the best intentions, public transit is often unreliable and falls short when needed. School buses can be later than they claim to be, resulting in students waiting outside in harsh weather, buses can come earlier than planned, leaving students deserted, there are times where substitute bus drivers, that aren't familiar with the streets, stray from the route, and even instances where students have to walk long distances to simply reach a bus stop. All of these inconveniences could be easily avoided if students could complete their work from home. Colleges offer online classes for students that are unable to be on campus or students that need flexible schedules. Schools could resemble the same structure college classes have to better adjust to the students.

There are some people who believe that attending school in a conventional setting is essential to students so that they can interact with others and understand topics with face to face lessons, but these things can still be achieved in an online setting. As technology continues to advance, students need to be aware of how to work these tools to be prepared for the work force. Giving students the ability to complete their school work from home is a perfect teaching opportunity and a useful skill to familiarize students with.

With the rise of concern and media coverage for diseases and viruses such as the Coronavirus, schools around the world are considering online schooling for students. This would be a precaution to prevent diseases and viruses from spreading in a large crowd. Students would in fact benefit from being able to attend online classes from home for many reasons. Firstly, they would still receive their education, even when they are at risk for spreading an illness they may have acquired. Secondly, they can still learn when they don't have access to transportation. Lastly, they still attain the people skills learned in the school environment. Schools are becoming more technology based every year, this just might be the next step.