I agree with the principal because that what he said said all students hood at lest participate on a sport,club,or after school activitis. The principal wants students tp join sports maybe because he want some students to get on shape or to atend some after school activitis for example like a dance club to see how students do and art club to see how students draw and students council. The yearbook like take pictures of all the teams,clubs,or groups the school has. or take photographs of all the teachers of the school like put what they do or what they teach students. School coincuals like take a photographs of them and write on the top what they do there names favoryte thing and others. And sports i do agree with the principal is for students can learn to do team work conumect with others and trying there best to win or at list not loss the game that's how they can learn and it shows the teacher how good there in one thing then the other .And students council i don't now what that is or what it means but i think if like to help keep the school or help janutors, teachers,or the principal with something. And i agree again becaude people or example students need to get on shape learn how working out feels like and then when they grow older they would be like "wow" because school is not just learning math sciences sociol studes and laugen arts no,school is a aportuniti to now how life is and how it is ti work hard and trying our best to do or conplet something on life. Okay this off the topic that we are talking about okay, all most every billoner drop of of school and collage to start what they wanted to do and what there dream was the did not stop it they all went for it

Okay now this is back on the topic. I also disagree because some students need to do some at home like help there father or a family member o something of life or have to work in a reasterunt to help there family with bills or other thing like that is why some don't have the time to do any of dos after school activitis and others,or have to take care of a sibiling or a family member and don't have the time to stat for after school activitis for the cause of dos thing that I just said. And i disagree inone thing again some students just stay after school to finish a test,work,progetor a asy for the teacher or just stay to learn more about what there wanna do of the work or esy is wanna be about. But in one thing some not all students some hood really stay after like the ones that can't speak english, or the ones who need help on writing on english,or the ones who really need help to read on english .

Or the ones that want to learn more about a other laenguech they can just stay in the same class that they have the leangucj they want to learn about and just tell the teacher if they can stay after or not no if the teacher is gonna stay after for then they can stay after and learn more of the leanguch they are learning about. The students that are in sports they can just stay after pratising with other students on the soccer filled. And for the student council students can just do what the student council dos because i have no idia what is or what it means .

So what I am trying to say is that yes some students hood stay after school to participate on one of this activitys the principal has probited for them i can help them on soemthing not like help them alot but just a little for the students know how it is to do something.