Should summer projects be designed by students or teachers? I believe that summer projects should be designed by teachers, not students because the students won't know much about the class because they have'nt taken that class. So how could they make a project about a topic they don't know much about? If students got to design their own projects how would teachers grade them if they are all completely different? Would there be just be one rubic? How would teachers use just that one rubric for completely different projects?

How could students make a project about a topic that they don't know much about? Students would'nt be able to make a summer project because they dont know much about that topic. I believe that if you are going to make a project or an assignment you must know about the topic that you are making the project on. That's why I feel like teachers should make the projects because they know what the topic is about. If the students design the projects it would'nt make sense and would probaly be all over the place and not organized, because they have probaly never designed a project on their own. The project also would'nt have a good structure because the students would'nt know where to even star with the project.

How would teachers grade the summer projects when they are completely different? This is another reason why I believe that teachers should make the projects, because if they let students make their own projects they are going to be completely different, so they can't be graded the same. If students were to design their own projects I feel like it would take way longer to grade then if teachers designed it because each project is unique and different. If the students design the projects then there would be no sturcture to the grading so the teachers wont know how they should grade the project. So if teachers were to design the summer projects you would get a little taste of how the class, assigments, and grading would be like, but if you make your own assignment you won't know what to expect for that class.

Would there only be one rubric?

If so how would teachers use one rubric for completly different projects? If teachers designed the summer projects they would only need one rubric because the project would be the same for every student, but if students designed their own projects how would the teacher use only one rubric for different projects because they won't be the same. When teachers assign you a project they give you a rubric on how they are going to grade you, but if students make the project they would'nt be able to get a rubric on how the teacher would grade their project because they are the ones making the project. So if the students made thier own project would they have to make their own rubric aswell?

If teachers design the projects they will know how to grade it, they will know what to put on the project, and there would only be one rubric so everyones project would be graded equally. Teachers should also design the summer projects because summer projects are reallly important, it is the first assignment you get in that class. When your teachers assign you your summer project you get a little taste of what the class and assignments will be like. You also get a little taste of what grading would be like aswell, so you know what to expect in the class. These are the reasons why I feel teachers should make the summer projects instead of the students.