To the Principal of SCHOOL_NAME:

Well we can't be forced to do community service if we don't have to, volunteering is just fine. Because however we do want to do some things either than cleaning, just because it's recommended, doesn't mean we have to. If other people choose to do it by their own will, that's their choice, obviously. But other people do think differently and will go against it, which is what I'm trying to write to you of course.

For example, if you "require" us to do community service even though we don't want to. It's like slavery for us kids. Though you think it's good for us, there's other people who would love to join the people who's volunteering for community service. Okay numerous of us are doing it, either it's punishments or volunteers or it's just your job period. It's good to do community service but really you can't force us unless you want slavery in the United States again.

Though I'm going against it, I'll still write you a pro about letting students take action on community service. First of all, we're just sitting down mostly our days watching TV and computer games. This would actually help us get to know more people, and be more social. Also, depending on what we're volunteering for, also a good work-out. For what reason this is going to effect everyone, making all your students do this requirement might get alto of parents to come to your school, just to punish their kids for doing certain things and bringing them into awkward situations.

In conclusion, my point is not to require students for community service. Because it's just of course like forcing us again. For what I heard , slavery wasn't allowed in United States. We should get the right to do as we may, according to the law. Not everything , but in this case, we have the right to say no for educated students to perform community service by will. Some good may take in this course, but not all good. Though you think it'll be good for us students, learn some things. But for us, it's unfair and cruel. Somehow if you're volunteering as I wrote. It's okay because that's by their choice. So as I write this again, I say no to requiring students of our age and skill to do community service.      