Why online classes are not good for you!

Have you ever wondered what it would be like to experience school from home? So many things have happened over the years in schools that have caused changes from receiving healthier food at school, to getting better technology. But the one thing that has definitely impacted school today is online classes. Online classes are something that if you asked people to view their thoughts on the subject, their opinions would be split. Online Classes would be bad for students because it provides the student with more distractions, they do not receive much hands-on experience or practice, and it prevents them from getting the true school experience.

The first reason why students should not take online classes, is that it causes room for distractions. In the modern world today, there are many things that could distract students such as electronics, pets, noises, etc. Imagine trying to work on a paper and all of a sudden the cat jumps up on the table and knocks over the diet cola that was sitting in a cup on the table; you would not only have to get up and clean the mess, but you would also have to move the cat elsewhere taking up precious time that could be spent working on an assignment. With online classes, everything is done at home. A student could be taking a test online and could hear just the tiniest noise and very easily get distracted. It is evident with the reasons I provided, why online classes provide such a high risk for distractions at home.

The second reason why students should not take online classes, is they are not receiving hands-on experience and practice. If a student was answering a question where a picture was shown about dissecting on a test for her anatomy class and it was asking where one of the incisions should be cut she would not have been able to answer it due to the fact that the closest she had gotten to seeing a dissection, was by watching the video provided by her teacher. In classes such as math, it would be hard to teach the kids online when a subject such as that involves a lot of hands-on practice to fully understand the concepts. Because they are taking it online, there is no way for them to really get in contact with the teacher considering they may live many states away or even countries! How can you learn from your mistakes if you do not know what you are doing wrong and what you can do to fix it if you are unable to talk to the teacher about it in person. So it is logical, that online classes do not give students the ability to achieve to higher standards because they are not able to learn as well if they are not learning from their teacher in person.

The final reason that students should not take online classes, is that it prevents the ability to receive the true school experience. If a student decides they want to participate in something like the school's 4th annual tricycle race, then they will, but if they decide instead of participating they want to watch then they can do that too. Some people may say that school is all about making memories and trying new things, but that is not always the case, your memories are what you choose to make them. But with online classes, they prevent the ability for students to try new things, or socialize with friends. Socializing with friends plays a big factor in why online classes should not be allowed, because what if the only way of communicating with your friend was by going to school during a certain block; you would not be able to because you would be too busy at home taking your online classes to do so. Some people do not like to talk to others online because in their mind it is just harder to so, and it not only decreases your social skills but it also decreases your grammar skills too if you are always texting someone online instead of having a conversation with them in person. So with the information I provided, online classes take away the ability to experience or try something new at the student's school.

Online classes according to some people are good because they provide the chance for the student to go out into the real world and get a job, they provide the student less stress, and it provides the chance for the student to be more comfortable with their surroundings. Jobs provide students the opportunity to gain real life experience. Working at home provides less things to stress over and makes the student more comfortable with their surroundings and less likely to get sick because they are not being surrounded by all those germs. But because students are provided with more distractions, do not receive much hands-on experience or practice, and are prevented from getting the true school experience that they deserve, they should not take online classes from home and instead proceed with taking regular classes at their local school.

So in conclusion, students will never succeed if online classes are always holding them back. This is why I urge you now to get up, take a stand, and fight for what's right!