Not everyone can affored a car and not everyone ownes a car. 70 percent of vauban's families do not own cars and  57 percent sold a car to move to Vauban germany. giving up your vehicle isnt pleasent and expeacially if your streets are completly "car free". Vauban has ownly two places to park :-large garages or if a car-owner buys a space along with a home. Not everyone thinks the same about cars in Vauban/germany. A mother of two walked down the street and didnt worry about no cars coming her way or her two childrens"im much happier this way".

Automobiles are the linchipin of suburbs. A huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouses. 12 percent of greenhouses is responsible do to the passengers seat in a vehicle.50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the united states. Vauban completed in 2006 a growing trend in europe to separate suburban life from auto use "smart planning".

There have been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser and better for walking now planners are taking the concepts to the suburbs. Vauban have 5,500 residents within the most advanced expirement in low-car suburbuan life. but their basic precepts are being adopted all around the world attepmting to make suburbs more compact to their public transportations. the united states its broad expanses and suburban had long been one of the worlds prime car cultures. protection agency is promoting"car reduced" communities.

With all these changes people who stopped car commuting as a result to the recession will find less reasons to resume thir old habbits. a study last year found that driving by young adults decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. americas love affair with vehicles adjusted to the population growth the number of miles driven in the united states in 2005 had dropped steadily. april 2013 numbers of miles driven per person in the united states was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal the the country in 1995. In the next few years will be telling the lower emissions and impoved safety.               