Not many notice how electoral college is important even it has some flaws. This voting system is a great way to determine the final results to see who becomes the president.

Besides having an electoral college we have a popular vote and it always turns out to be the president with less votes, as it states in the passage "it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote." The electoral college consists of 538 electors, and from that 538 votes 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president, but appearentley people belive that electoral college is unfair. In the passage it states "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters because of the winner-take-all system in each state," many can tell from reading this that many people are hating the electoral college idea.

Electoral college may be unfair but it does chooes the president even if they add a popular vote which would out rule the electoral college. In this case if we were to of had popular vote instead of electoral college than it would be even more difficult than electoral college. When ever using popular vote to determine the president than the process for it isnt long; this system is unfair too because of the people choosing the president because of the words and lies it says. What we need is to have electoral college to determine if the candidate is fit to be the president by not saying lies but from saying things that will actually improve the lives of others.

Why cant people just vote normally, why is there even an electoral college, why do they make us vote even if there's gonna be an electoral collegeor popular vote which is gonna decide for us. So many questions that have to be asked and answered; theres not many people that understand what the electoral college is for, but people also understand is how unfair it is to the people that vote."The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse." So appearentley there was a crisis including the electoral college, but we still kept this system even if the crisis barely happened in 2000.    