The use of this advanced technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable from three reasons in the article that the author tells us by reading this article.

It's interesting to think ahead and create something big that no one can do. In paragraph 3, the author says, "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." The 44 muscles can tell how the human is feeling, by seeing how the person is moving. For example, when the person is moving really fast, it means that the person might be angry or aggressive. But when a person is moving slow, it means that the person is sad or depressed.

The author tells in the text, "We humans perform this same impressive calculation every day." But comparing a human mind to a computer is different. A human mind can think that the friend is feeling sad, but the computer can have more than just one idea of how the friend feels. The computer can have more than one idea by scanning the face of the person and calculating how the muscles of the face look. It may seem amazing to try to use the technology.

From the picture of Mona Lisa, when you just look at it, many ideas would pop up in your head from trying to guess how she's feeling and how she looks. There would be multiple guesses on how her face looks. In paragraph 6, the author says, "The Mona Lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do." Some people might say that she looks mostly happy, a bit disgusted, somewhat fearful, and a little angry. Or they might say all of them and more. We all have different minds, different thoughts, and a different sights at describing a picture.

Moreover, the article gives us a lot of information of the advanced technological computer that constructs a 3-D model, to scan a human face and tell how the person feels emotionally. It's amazing and interesting to even read about Dr. Huang and Prof. Sebe ,his colleague, are both experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate.