The author tells us a lot about Venus in the article. They give us real evidence and facts that we never even knew about. The author tells us how people got to see venus and if it effected them or not. The author talks about how we need to learn more about this subject. It talks about how Venus is very dangerous , but how we should always learn about it because it is important.

In the first couple paragraphs the author talks about how Venus is sometimes called the "Evening star" and how it is the closest planet to earth. It talks about how challenging it is to examine Venus closely. When they say this they mean that if people really tried to go and examine venus it would be very dangerous because Venus is about 800 degrees Fahrenheit. No spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours. The last time someone lasted awhile on Venus was three decades ago. The author talks about how it is one of the hardest planets for humans to study.

Venus is covered in almost 97 percent carbon dioxide and the corrosive clouds that are sulfurc acid in Venus's atmosphere. The author decribes this by telling us that this is more extreme than anything humans have ever encountered. Since Venus has high pressure and temperature, it is the hottest planet in our solar system. The author explains this by telling us the temperature and pressure of Venus's atmosphere. Even though Venus is dangerous to visit, astronomers still plan to visit Venus. Astronomers want to visit Venus still because it is the most earth like planet in our solar system.

In this article they talk about long ago when Venus was covered with forms of life. It says that Venus was probably covered largely with oceans. Venus includes familiar features of valleys, mountains, and craters. NASA is trying to get more humans to study Venus by allowing scientists to float above the fray in a blimp-like vehicle hovering over Venus. It wouldn't be easy for humans but they would survive.

At the end of this article they talk about how humans really need to know about Venus. For humans to really understand how Venus is, scientists would have to get up and personal even though it could be very dangerous. Researchers are working on making machines that would last long enough on Venus without it being dangerous. Some electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber with Venus's surface and they have lasted about three weeks which is very good. We have to try our hardest to meet our challenges even though they are dangerous. We should always try to meet our imagination.    