Some schools are requiring students to complete projects over their summer break to promote learning whilst outside of a school setting. However, the schools are debating on whether the projects should be student or teacher designed. In my opinion these projects should be designed by the student. It would promote creativity within the students. Also it would allow for the students to make a choice for themselves.

Allowing these summer projects to be student designed would promote their creativity when completing the project. It would ensure that the students can express themselves freely while completing the project. The students would be able to unleash their full potential at their own pace. This would give the student more incentive to complete the project knowing that they have the chance to show they can really do. Also it would give the teacher a good look at what their student is capable of outside of a classroom

Also, this would let the students make a choice on their own rather than what the teacher says. It would help them become more independent and self reliant. The students already have to do what the teacher says during the school year, so this would make for a great chance for them to do what they need to on their own time. It would also teach them to be responsible for themselves and for their own work. For example, if the student understands that they are no longer in a classroom setting where the teacher explains everything to them, they will conclude they must rely on themselves to complete the task at hand. Which would lead to more independence rather than depending on the teacher.

However if the project was designed by the teacher it would b a more stable and set curriculum. The teacher knows exactly what they are looking for, so for the project to be designed by a teacher would allow for the project to be more organized. On the other hand, it would take away the idea of creativity and the chance to express ones self had the project been student designed. Which would lead to less effort being put into the projects. If the students are given the chance to do as they please freely they can put more time and effort into it.

Schools allowing for these summer projects to be created by the students would be greatly beneficial. It gives the students a chance to be as creative as they please and express themselves openly. It also is a good opportunity to teach them the importance of self reliance and how to take responsibility. These are all valuable skills that are going to be needed by the students during a later time in life. It is good to get these skills in early so that the students will understand how to use them later when it is important.