Dear principle,

I highly urge you to take some things into consideration before making your final decision on the policy change. Many students participating in sports have a C grade average. If you change the policy so that students may not participate in sports or other activities unless they have a B grade average, many students will not have anything they participate in besides school. How healthy could that be? It isn't. I believe you should make a policy that allows anyone with a C grade average or higher allowed to participate in sports and other activities. If they have a D or F grade average, then I agree that they should spend more of their time working on school work so they don't fail, but why make the students be above average just to participate in something besides school? I have three important reasons for pressing the matter. Firstly, if the students are not near the risk of failing, they should have the chance to participate in sports and other activities. Secondly, sometimes being in a sport helps students to have better concentration and energy, which will cause them to be better in school. And lastly, if students have something to participate in they will be more willing to try harder in school.

Think about this. If someone has always gotten C's and has been able to maintain an average grade, then they shouldn't have to try to be above average just to be able to play a favorite sport. This may cause students stress and anxiety. If you lower the policy to a C grade average, then the children just might do better in school overall.

Concentration has always been a big deal in school hasn't it? Participating in sports will help students have better concentration and energy for school work. It is proven that if a student has more participation in other activities, that they do twice as good as those that aren't in other activities. Why cause them to have to have a good grade to do sports, when they could get better grades by doing sports?

One last thing to think about is if students have something to participate in, wouldn't they want to try harder in school to be able to stay in that sport or activity? Motivation is always a major helper in school work. Would that not be a good motivation?

Now that you understand my reasons for wanting to avoid the change in policy, please think a little harder about it. If C's are average, why change that? Being a sport or other activity, may sometimes give the students more concentration and energy therefore, help them to do better in school. If students have something to participate in, wouldn't they want to try harder? Thank you for taking these major reasons into consideration.

Sincerely, a student.