I do not think there are alien's in Mars or any other planet . I think there are no aliens because astronauts have to have tanks filled with specialized air thats on Earth !

Animals like , mammals , and reptiles can do things human beings cannot and will never be able to do . Reptiles may be able to poision its prey but Humans can't . Mammals can eat a human alive Humans cant do that ! Each group can do something the other one can't . One thing they all have in common is that they breathe air ! If aliens existed they wound not be able to survive unless they had a ' suit ' on the 24/7 . There is no sign of human life on any other planet but earth and austronauts have put special cameras just in case there is signs of life and they won't miss it ! There have been multiple times people have claimed they've seen Big Foot they have " videos " , evidence and samples of the hair but scientist have not caught big foot so people can claim there are aliens all day long ; but until the world is able to see one in real life and scientist and everyone can see it ; it doesnt exist . If an alien left an imprint on the rock that means it was walking and the face got stuck and it had to pull it off . There would be finger prints on the rock and foot prints in Mars . The text states " formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes , nose , and mouth . If these people have never seen an actual martian how can they say it has the structure of an alien but do not exactly know what it looks like ? Accusation and predictions of what an alien looks like is man made no one has ever seen an alien on earth or in space . People are predicting what an alien looks like . The creature could look like a dog , cat or even a human being . Scientific research is not always accurate because they can make something new right now and 5 years later come out with a new and IMPROVED item . Every year scientist think they know what an alien look like but every following year it changes and becomes slightly different . An alien is basically a Superhero every kids wants to think they're real but in reality as you get old you learn its just a made up myth that people tend to believe . When research shows the alien has been found and captured people can say I told you so but until then I will continue to give out reasons on why I believe they're not real !