Since the invention of the first automobiles, negative impacts such as greenhouse gases, and other enviromental effects have plauged the world in a very short amount of time. Some people are taking action, like in certain cities such as Vauban Germany, paris and Colombia, by taking efforts to reduce the use of cars for transportation. Ultimatly, as people begin the shift from autombile transport; certain economic, enviromental, and societal advantages will benifit the world we live in today.

In Vauban germany, residents of the town are starting to take efforts in the first of "car-free" societies. To most people this idea could seem unpractical, but car free living can be very benefitial, to the enviroment and daily life. For instance, people in Vauban claim that they feel very tense when they own, and have to drive a car to and from places that they have to work. The layout of these cities like vauban, are unique because they are very dense, unlike the urban and suburban towns of america. This makes walking and biking a more easy method of transportation without having the negative effects of green house gases. In Bogota Colombia, residents are also realizing the the benefits that come with no cars, in wich they have a car- free day that spawns a whole new way of life. The new methods of transportation then become centered around bikes, walking, and other methods of non poluting trasnportation. This also leads to a benefit on the economy, by having 118 miles of bicycle paths built, new walking paths, resturaunts, and shopping districts being created.

In Paris, near-records pollution caused by smog, forced city leaders to take action, banning all cars in a 2 day period; and fining all violators of this new ban. This limited congestion in the capital by 60%. Free public transit was also issued for the exception of the ban, even though almost 4000 drivers were fined and some had their cars impound; which certainly helped the number of pollutants on the streets. The smog cleared enough on monday, to where all odd numbered plates were free of the ban on tuesday. These notacable enviromental effects were so substantial in such a short amount of time, that it could spawn a whole new wave of car banning cities to help thier local enviroment. If every city was based around this ideal, it would help their local enviroment, ultimatly helping their economic industries. Globally, this would make a huge change in the world wide market and decrease greenhouse gases.

The United States is also seeing a change in the amount of people that are buying fewer cars and driving less. These kinds of trends will ultimatly benefit the society if continued, by limiting carbon emissions. Although this would hurt the car industry, it would help other parts of the economy like agriculture and ocean based fishing, by helping these ecosystems to produce more effectivly. Places like New York also have bike-sharing programs, which would have a impact on people's health too. Most people do not realize the postitive effects that daily exercise can have upon yourself. For example; if every person in New york walked to where they work every morning; new york would experiance a wave of healthy, happy, individuals. Even large car companies like ford are stating that pedestrain, bicycle, and public trasprotation save time, lower emissions and improve safety.

Overall, benifits of reducing car transportation is too great to be ignored. It is a step in the right direction that people are taking action and rising up for the greater good of their local towns and spreading awareness by these actions. Our future could go either way, we can continue on this path and do whats right for the enviroment, or neglect the earth we live on and face the consequences.                                    