Dear Principal,

The majority of students in middle and high schools are glued to their cell phones everywhere they go. Even though they are used to text friends frequently, they are also important to scheduling. I think the policy best suited for our school would be the first policy. Cell phones are often necessary to determine whether or not a student can get home after school, to schedule after school activities, and to make plans with other students. To take away all of their right to use a cell phone during school hours would limit them to not being able to do this while eating lunch or having a free period.

If a student is unsure if their parents can pick them up from school or not when they aren't taking the bus, it is necessary to contact either their mom or dad to see if they can get home quickly after school ends. Sometimes, when a student isn't able to call a parent, they end up waiting for an hour or more outside the school until he/she is picked up from school. Students need to be able to use cell phones for situations like these, especially when they much homework to complete for school because then they have less time to do their required work.

Another reason why students should be allowed to use their cell phones during lunch and free times is because many are involved with some sort of after school activity. Whether it's a sport, musical instrument, or anything else, events within that activity are often scheduled last minute or without the student knowing days ahead of time. When this happens, they may not have transportation to the location if it is not held at the same school. In this scenario, students should be able to contact a parent or friend who can drive them to wherever they need to be.

The last reason why I think you should choose Policy 1 is because students need to take a break from working constantly and make plans with friends. Students have so much homework to do when they come home from school, and sometimes it can become overwhelming. Students need to be able to spend time with friends after school and not be always thinking of all the work that needs to get done by the next day. Taking a short break is helpful and make them feel less stressed about their schoolwork. So, students should also be able to use their cell phones to call or text friends to schedule activities together. They can even study for an upcoming test or quiz together, so they can get a higher grade.

Overall, Policy 1 is a better policy because it still allows students to sometimes contact others with their cell phones. Today, cell phones are used by the majority of Americans multiple times. To take away their cell phones wouldn't be right. In some situations, students need them to call or text others to help them for whatever. Policy 1 works best because they have the chance to contact parents or friends when they need to, but they won't get distracted during class when they are turned off. This policy allows them to take care of anything they may need to, yet still be able to focus in class.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME