Dear Principal,

I take your position in thinking to require every student to perform community service. I think that if you require students to volunteer for community service I know that some of them will be really mad because they think its a waste of time, but someday day they will look back at the day they did community service and thank their principal for requiring them to do that.

Many students of the school may have done community service. Community service may change the way a student thinks. Lets say that their is someone in the school that never likes doing homework, you may ask that person to do some community service like taking care of something. The person at first may think like why do I have to take care of something just because I don't do my homework. If you tell them they have to volunteer in a dog shelter they wont want to do it but if you also tell them they are in charge of everything and that if anything goes wrong it would be their fault. The student will probably get scared and do everything it takes to do everything good. After community service is over he will probably be a better student by doing his homework. If the student probably did change he would probably ask to see if he could do other community service.

If a student also doesn't do their homework you may ask that person to be a teacher in another school full of kids that don't do their homework, so the kid would fell the same way the teachers fell when some of their students don't do their homework. The student will feel very bad for their teacher, and when they come back to school they will always do their homework and say sorry to their teacher for never doing their homework. After that happens the student will go back to the school where the students don't do their homework and ask them to please do their homework. He will also tell them that he never used to do his homework but he came to this school is search of trying to change his mind about doing homework. He could also tell them that he believes in them and that everybody could do their homework and that all they had to do is try. With that little that person has done he could change a whole school and the way students fell in school. If you do your homework you could go to a good college and study something you like and becoming a very successful person in life.

Sincerely,            