My principal has decided that all students are required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity, and I think its a great Idea! Extracurricular activities are actually a great thing for students to get involved in for many reasons. Requiring all students to do extracurricular activities results in students either getting more exercise or using their brain more depending on what they choose, and it will make them more likely to get into college. Students who were skeptical of joining anything extracurricular will finally understand what its like to be a part of something like that and I think most of them will enjoy it.

Students engaging in activities that require a lot of physical activity such as sports, will be more physically fit and most likely healthier than those who do not. If someone decides they want to sign up for yearbook or student council, they will have the opportunity to greatly improve their problem solving skills. Anyone having engaged in either of these will understand what its like to work with a group of people to work together to achieve a common goal. This will allow students to better understand how to exist in the real world and how to work at their future jobs.

Anyone who does an extracurricular activity and in this case everyone going to my school will have a better chance of going to college. Colleges see if and what you have done in terms of extracurricular stuff, because they don't want someone who they think will do the bare minimum and barely get through. Colleges care about their image. So as far as the colleges are concerned good students equals good looks and good looks equals more demand college which equals more money. Part of that image is sports, in fact if you are good enough at a specific sport so much that they want you to be on their team they will pay for you to go to their college, this is called a scholarship. The better the students a college gets the more attractive it looks, the more students my high school sends to college the more attractive my high school looks and the students have a higher chance to go to college, its a win, win, win!

I feel that it is important in high school to be a part of something like a sport, or yearbook, or student council. The sense of community and common interest in a large group of people can really make you feel at home and be a nice thing to look forward to after a long day of school, even if it might be taxing physically or mentally. In anything extracurricular everyone knows everyone, they're all friends united by a common passion and a common goal. This builds strong compromising skills and cooperative skills.

The principles decision makes kids do something that they will most likely actually really enjoy, something that will very much assist them in getting into college, and something that will allow students to understand how to survive in the real world. It will also benefit my high school and any college any current student at my school goes to in the future. In conclusion, the decision to make all students required to do an extracurricular activity was a fantastic one.