Me being a young teenager and only being in highschool, I feel as if we should keep the Electoral College. Reasons being, if we change too the election by popular vote, citizens are going too choose the president they like, the president that they think will change things, and the president that they think looks best. So of course the citizens are going too choose that particular president just so that president can get the most votes and become president.

Changing too the most popular vote will not be the best idea because, citizens are going too choose the president that they like regardless if the president is good or not so good. If us citizens that are voting like the president, then chances are, we're going too vote for him or her. Not only are we going too vote for him or her, were also going to tell our friends too vote for them also so the president can get the most likes and get elected. With the Electoral College, the votes have to go through a process and then the election goes from there.

Chances being with the most popular election is, we're going too get a not soo good president elected as our president. Most people think that if they choose the "right" president, then things are going too change when thats not true. People think that once a new president gets elected that, things around the world are going too change. Yet, when things dont change, they all say "well, I only her/him for them because he/she looked as if he/she could change things." Just because he/she LOOKS like they could change something, doesn't mean its going too happen. That's where the saying "don't judge a book by its cover" comes in.

I've heard many people say "I voted for such and such as president because he/she looks best." In an election for president, looks do not matter what so ever. The president could be handsome or gorgeous and be the worst president in the United States and/or the president could be ugly and be the best president. In a president election, no one is going too care about the looks of the president. We're going too care about the person being voted for president, outlook on things as being the president. A lot comes with being a president and the looks surely aren't one of the things. In my personal opinion, if you're voting for the looks, then maybe you shouldnt be voting at all.

There's many reasons on why we shouldnt change too the most popular vote election and why we should just stay with the Electoral College. The most popular vote election would not be the smartest idea of voting for president and honestly, in my opinion, I feel as if the Electoral College is best. Who would want a president being president because they got the most votes for being liked, voted because their the right president, or voted because they look the best? Truth be told, that's probably the worst thing too change too. With that being said, lets stick too the Electoral College.    