Technology is everywhere these days. In our pockets, on our tables and counters, everywhere we turn. You're using technology right now, as you read this. One of the most important types of technology we have is our cell phones. Everyone from 10-year-olds to 100-year-olds have them. To some people, it's just to connect with friends, to others, it's what their whole career depends on it. Either way, cell phones are a key element in today's society.

Teenagers, out of everyone, are typically the age group that most depends on their cell phones. Whether it's just for talking to friends, communicating with their boss, or speaking with their family, there's no denying it. Teenagers love their cell phones.

Despite their obvious dependence on them, teenagers are often banned from having phones in school. Although I could understand some concern, I believe this should not be the case at any school. In order to prove they're responsible, they must be given some responsibility.

One reason students should be allowed to have phones is in case there is an emergency. If something terrible were to happen to a students family, they should be able to contact the student immediately. How could they do so without a cell phone? This also true if it were backwards, and there was an emergency at school. If something were to happen that left the school's administration physically unable to hell the students, how could students get help? With cell phones, they would be able to contact their families and emergency medical services.

Another reason students should be allowed to have cell phones in school is the fact that schedules are constantly changing. Whether it's due to weather, illness, or anything else, plans often get changed in the blink of an eye. If the students don't have cell phones, the administration of the school has to coordinate plans and arrange for a student to have a ride home. With everything else the administration has to do, this seems like a foolish way of doing things. If students had cell phones, each student could individually arrange when and where to have their ride pick them up.

Clearly, there are many important reasons students should be permitted to bring thier cell phones to school. They make planning easier and can easily be the difference between life and death itself in an emergency. They are a wonderful piece of techn