I believe that the electoral college should not be kept because it is an unfair system of voting. There are flaws in the electoral college system that make it an unfair system to choose our president. Some of the things that are wrong with the electoral college are that voters can't control whom their electors vote for, in case of a tie there is not a fair way to pick the president, and the winner-take-all system is unfair to voters.

In the electoral college voters aren't essentially voting for a president but they are voting for a group of electors who will then elect a president. The electors can be picked in many different ways. Sometimes they are they are picked at state conventions, they can be picked at state party's central committe, or sometimes the presidental canidate picks them themselves according to Bradford Plumer (source 2). Plumer says that voters can't always control who their electors vote for and sometimes voters get confused on who to vote for. The system to pick electors can be bias. For example in 1960, segregationist in the Louisiana legislature almost achieved in replacing the Democratic elecotors with electors who would not elect John F. Kennedy. Meaning if Kennedy would have gotten the popular vote in Louisiana, he still would not have gotten the electoral votes in the state.

In the case of a tie, the electoral college would yet again be an unfair system. If there was a tie in the election, the election would be given to the House of Representatives. In that election, each state has only one vote. So a state with a bigger population has the same say than a state with a smaller population. According to Plumer, because many voters vote one party for president and another party for Congress, the House's selection will not entirely reflect the will of the people. A tie in the electoral college is possible beacause the amount of electoral votes is 538 which is an even number (source 3).

The electoral college is also unfair to voters because of the winner-takes-all system. The winner-takes-all system awards all the electors to the winning presidential canidate (source 1). According to Plumer because of the winner-takes-all system canidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning (source 2). Counterclains suggest that because the election depends on the vote of swing states, voters there are more thoughtful and should be the ones to decide how the election goes (Richard A. Posner, source 3). The comment that voters in swing states are more thoughtful is vague (not all voters in swing states have to be media literic), and it is unfair to other states if only the swing states are important to the canidates. Other states will not get enough and fair information about the presidental canidates.

In total, the electoral college is an unfair way to choose our presidents. The method has a lot of bias and doesn't give a fair voice to all the states and its voters. The method has a lot of flaws and is a non-democratic way to elect our presidents.      