Texting and driving

The use of phones and cars serve many purposes such as communicating with others, playing games, and using the many different internet based features.

We use cars as a means of travel, others to modify and race, and make them look cool. In every day jobs like firefighters and police use cars to patrol neighborhoods and to travel to the location they are called to. For delivery like packages and food we use cars and phones for most of the things we do in modern society. But get in some accidents or cause accidents with cars and we get hurt because of these accidents physically and financially but they can be avoided taking precautions like insurance and driving safe and keep your car maintenance high or good . According to https://www. insurancejournal. com/news/national/2018/08/24/499107. htm

The death toll for 2018 is 18,720 and an additional 2.1 million people who have sustained serious injuries due to car accidents in the first six months of 2018. Texting and driving should not be aloud because it can kill people and its bad that it happens . People have lost their lives because of a text which is sad one moment your here next you're not you could be driving one day and text while driving with a blink of an eye you could be gone .

The laws and punishment the law should be to not be on your cell phone while driving or if you're are on it make sure it's on speaker phone or have somebody text on your phone to whoever. The punishment should be a fine or community service but no serious punishment because it was an accident . But if it was on purpose then should have jail time why because it was done intentionally and they knew exactly what they were doing . It's a accident most of the time but the point is that it happens which we can't prevent car accidents but we can decrease them.

And for coverage for your car like insurance cost sometimes a lot of money it really depends on the insurance company and the benefits from that company . but it's worth it and don't text and drive it may cost you a lot of money or your life it's important to keep your eyes on the road at all times and to pay attention from crashing or getting crashed into .We have highway patrol and police with speeding guns to prevent crashes people cause by speeding or not paying attention . We also have cameras to catch these things that cause accidents and they work most of the time but doesn't reduce accidents . And checkpoints for people who are under the influence and who are intoxicated and who drunk driving . These are some fact to provide evidence that texting and driving is dangerous and has killed people and some things that prevent it .       