This article is talking about the the planetary neighbors of the Earth. on this article explains how others planets move around the sun and the earth,how are thir differences between the speed of this planets. Also explains why the humans never visit this planets, and how are their enviorment.

Venus, somethimes called the "Evenig Star" is the closest planet to Earth. this planets have differents such as, the size between their, the speed that they move around the sun, this speed mean tht sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus.

The big question here is, why humans never visited this planets in more l tha three decades. Each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, no since no spacecraft survived the landing for more that a few hours. Numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us.

A thick atmosphere of almost 97% carbon dioxide blankets Venus. On the planet's surface temperatures average oner 800 degrees Fathrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. Also notable, Venus has the hottest sufrace temperature of any planet of solar system, wheather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, and powerful earthquakes.

The National Aeronautics Space Administration (NASA) has one particulary idea for sending humans to study Venus, Venus would aviod the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up andout of their way, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit. No easy conditions, but survivable for humans.

However, Venus can provide only limited insinght on ground conditions because most forms on light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus.

For now humans can't go to explore others planes as Venus, but I think with the step of the time, humans are going to envolving more on their technologies. Something that everyone know clearly, both planets as Mars and Venus have a lot of differences between our planet. Can humans can go to others planes in next close years?

By: Alex

:)      