Students shouldn't need to participate in extracurricular. Students may need to take care of family members right after they leave school. Most students get loads of homework or assignments to finish between the week. Students may not like the after school activities, or they would rather go home. With the students responsibilities and feelings they don't need to participate in extracurricular.

Students needed at home would never be able to participate in the activities after school. Students sometimes at home need to become the parent for their younger siblings. This carries on the responsibility to feed and watch the child. The student may also need to pick up their younger siblings at the bus stop or daycare, being late to either of those would lead to a bigger problem. Having a parent come home late would push the responsibility to make sure the students sibling is put to bed at the right time. It might take hours for smaller children to sleep, this can badly effect the students sleep. The students responsibilities lead them to have no time for after school activities.

With the students work load teachers give them, they wouldn't be able to have time for extracurricular. Teachers like to assign lots of homework and assignments to students. This leads to the student spending their time doing work. Students also take the responsibility to make sure its all due before or the day of. This happens to force the student to keep their minds on school work instead of activities. After school activities would just be a handful between homework and assignments. Having a large handful can lead to stress. With the student having no time left extra curriculum would be out of the question.

Most students end up having a long day at school. This can effect on how the student feels by the end of the day. Students would rather go home and relax then to do an activity right after a long day. After school activities would ruin the students motivation to do anything. Students need a break from school. The perfect time for that would be after school hours. Allowing the student to have a time for themselves would let their brain relax and letting their body refresh. Students should allow themselves to have breaks after school, this wouldn't happen if students had to do a extracurricular.

In conclusion students don't have to do a extracurricular.

With the work load and responsibilities students carry, extra curriculum would become a burden to the students. Students are more worried about the responsibilities they have and their feelings. Therefore, letting students choose what they want to do after school would be a better outcome for the students and school. 