In the passage, The Challenge of Exploring Venus, there is a passage explaining what Venus looks while they send machines to discovers the planet. The author tries to explain to us what kind of challenges they have found while exploring Venus. The point of view that the author see is that Venus is a worthly pursuit despiting the dangers on it. Each passage has its own main part about Venus, however, it will tallk about the challenge that are face in Venus

In this parts of the article the author has the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despiting the dangers and he explains his reasoning with the context that is left behind this article. The passage tells us about why its worthy to pursuit it, in passage 8 it says, "striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." The meaning of this part of the passage is telling us how people just think about how or what it is like to explore Venus. NASA has been trying to make inventions to help them go to Venus an have a closer look." NASA is working on other approaches to study Venus."

Althouth people want to go and explore Venus, there are some challenges that Venus provides for people. The dangers in this article tells us in passage 1 " While Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of Earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely." its hard for us to explore something from far away but during the attemptes we still can get close to Venus. In the passage it says, "A lot of spacecraft haven't survived the landing in a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." These are some reason why we can not reach Venus as worthly it is, it is challenging to explore.

The author does not care what kind of dangers there is because he thinks Venus is a planet that is worth to study. As he tries to get a closer look at. NASA has been also trying to help make machines and new inventions that are safe for people to go up and for themselves. Although the challenges that they have read, seen, or have heard kept stopping them from figuring out how to get closer to Venus. However, they did not give up because they kept looking for other ways to explore Venus. 