Feelings and emotions are ways we show people how we act and what we are feeling at that moment. Only we know what we are feeling at times or even at that moment. Our emotions determine who we are and what we show from the expressions from our face. Its hard to determine what a person is thinking and what they are feeling at any moment of time. I think it is time though because someone has found a way to determine someone's emotions.

Finally someone has found a way to determine someone's feelings and emtions with a simple computer program. The person who worked and worked to show us this is Dr. Huang from Beckman Institute for Advanced Science at the University of Illinois. Dr. Huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans to communicate with computers. This idea for trying to communicate with computers brought up the idea of the feelings and emotions of a human being. They use simple calculations of the facial movements that are used to determine your feelings and emotions.

They begin the process with a 3-D process of the face and control every muscle on the face to mimic the emotions and feelings of a human being and that is amzing. The movements of the face is called a "action unit". Dr. huang relies on a psychologist to determine the emotions of that scan and to give six emotions that will determine every humans feelings within those six basic emotions. I think that these basic emotins are basically all the emotions any human uses for every day life. Thats why Dr. Paul Eckman picked them because them are the most common and most used emotions ever.

In paragraph three is the way humans move their muscles on their face to show emotions. Facial expressions are the one way humans can determine how someone is doing or feeling at that moment of time. In paragraph four they talk about how the program can even show that facial expressions of how Mona Lisa was feeling or what emotions she had of the time of the painting. The fact that we perform the same impressive calculation of determining a person's feelings just by looking at them is a perfect way for them to study and perfect the programs way to scanning emotions. The demonstractions of each scan are amazing at showing what the program and the computer can really do at a time where technology is at it's prime.

I feel like the computer and the humans who are trying to communicate with them are a great way to show feelings and emotions through talking. This program is gonna change the world of technology and the world of emotions for the better of the country and it's people. I think that what they are doing is a very constructive way of showing that you can find ways to determine a person's well being and their happiness. This program should be kept going at it's fullest for lots of years and should get to a point where it even helps out the crime system. As a last thought the program has to perfect this to get to maximum use of what should be used to help determine these feelins and emotions for the better.                      