When you ask for advice you can get many opinions.

An opinion is just someones personal view or idea of the subject, So it is always great to get multiple opinions or perspectives about the topic.

The more perspectives you have on the topic or idea the better because the more ideas about it you can get.

The more ideas you can get the better because you have multiple differing opinions.

and if you have multiple opinion all different then you can make a choice based off of all of them that you think are in common.

Sometimes it is best to go with your own opinions because other peoples opinions are not what is best for you.

If you just follow everyone with the same ideas then you are just a follower.

Sometimes it is best to make a call yourself to do what is best for you.

If you cannot learn to make choices for yourself early it is going to be even harder when you are in the real world and have to make a lot of tough calls.

When you get advice from one person then it is almost always going to be a one sided idea or piece of advice.

When you come to a road block on your own path then that is when you need to ask for advice.

It is never good to ask just one person.

So as soon as you get many pieces of advice and most of them state the same thing it is probably the best one.

If you believe it is not enough you start asking more questions like why or how and if you cannot answer those it is not the best choice for you.

When asking for advice it does not mean that you have to follow it.

If you follow every piece of advice that you get then your life is going to be boring and have no action.

It is never good to ask one person for advice and follow it.

you have to ask multiple people because then you do not have to just follow one.

If you have multiple pieces of advice or ideas then it is going to be a lot more easy to find an answer that is best.

The best way to get answers is to ask and it is the same with advice.

Most of the advice that you will need it things like school or ideas.

You can even get advice on which classes to take next year or what sports you want to do or how you can convince your parents to let you do the sport that you want to do.

The best way to get better at sports is to seek advice from people who have played it for a long time.

Most sports like basketball or wrestling are just experience dominates.

In basketball if you are guarding someone with a lot of experience then it is going to be a lot harder because they already know the sport like the back of their hand.

It is always the best to seek advice from older players.

Because they have played the sport longer than you have and know how most people play.

The more advice that you seek from them the more answers you will get to your questions.

The more questions and advice you seek the more you will know about the sport and the better you will get at it.

The more advice you get about academics the better because if you learn good study habits the better because then you can just go home do your homework and the rest of the day is yours.

If you can learn good study habit strategies from other people and get advice from them then it is going to be easy for you to get good grades.

The more strategies that you learn from the teacher siblings or other class mates the easier it is going to be for you to solve and answer questions.

The easier that you learn the material from the teacher then the easier the unit is going to be.

The more advice you get the better it will be for you.

If you get advice from one person it is going to be so much harder for you to follow it rather then learning multiple strategies from other people.

If you dont follow them and choose your own road then it is going to be a whole lot easier to use their advice on your own instead of following them.

Them giving advice to you is not them saying that you have to follow them it is them telling you how they made their decisions on their own and how it can be helpful to you.                                                                             