Phones & Driving

Should people use their phones while driving? Well 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving. People are so distracted by their phones they forget about their own safety at risk while driving. While you're driving you should be more focused on the road and your surrounds more than a Facebook notification. It's not only teens that do this adults as well use their phones while driving. It is one of the leading reasons of car accidents today. Not only are you putting yourself at risk but you're putting others in risk as well. So should you use your phones while driving I think not.

Texting and driving is one of the most dangerous forms of distracted driving. In fact, the average text sent or read in a car takes a driver's eyes off the road for 5 seconds. This is more than enough time to get in a life-altering accident. Now in the matter of 5 seconds of looking at your phone you can cause yourself to getting in a really bad accident. Now if you get caught texting or using your phone while driving you can get in some trouble. Violation of the law is a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of $25 for a first offense, $50 for a second offense, and $75 for a third offense. The penalty for a first offense for violating the texting law is a fine of $20 to $400 and up to four points on the driving record of the offender. So are you sure you willing to pay the fine or do the time for texting while driving. It really isn't worth it you can wait until you get to your destination. There more things important than your phone while you're driving like the road than an Instagram notification.

Using your phone while driving doesn't only put the driver at risk, but also everyone else on the road. Take for example the many young students who have died while driving because they were texting. Looking around while driving, you can see people distracted by their cell phones. These people are not only teenagers but also adults. The shocking truth is that texting while driving increases the chances of crashing by over 23 times normal driving. People have a longer response time when they text. Then the passengers may not be looking at the road because they may be on their phones. On average, an accident happens within two to three seconds when the driver is texting. So if you do get into an accident you could do major damages to another person car or worse you could cause severe health damage to the other person that was in the other vehicle. Using a cell phone while driving caused an estimated 1.5 million car accidents in the U.S. in 2018 according to the National Safety Council. The U.S. Department of Transportation reported that cell phone use while driving kills 3-000 to 6,000 people every year including the other that got was in the accident because of the bad driver.

There are many reason on why texting while driving is very useful. Here's seven reasons to stop using your phone and driving it puts innocent lives at risk, it puts your life at risk, it is comparable to, if not worse than, driving under the influence ,you are more likely to crash, it's very easy to simply pull over, you are setting a bad example for children and it is often illegal. The reasons why cell phones should not be used while driving are fairly obvious, because even a two-second distraction - taking your eyes off the road to pick up your phone and see who's calling you for example- increases your risk of crashing. As long as their use does not distract you from focusing on the road and you do not have to touch the phone. Using your phone when your car is stationary at traffic lights or in congested traffic. Illegal. When the engine is running and you are in control of the car, it is illegal to touch your phone. Now if you were a passenger in a car would you want the driver to be using their phone while driving? No so think when you're driving and you have the urge to look at your phone think of what could happen if you take your eyes of the road or how you would feel if someone on their phone while driving. Please don't text while drive or get on your phone.

So now should people should you use your phone while driving? Think of what could happen while doing such a thing like checking your phone. It isn't worth it at all to look at that notification at all. You can save yourself from getting into an accident. You can save yourself from potentially killing someone for just looking away for 2 seconds. So please don't use your phone while driving please and thank you.

Cities: Phones & Driving 1. https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html 2. https://www. cdc. gov/motorvehiclesafety/distracted_driving/index. html 3. https://www. cdc. gov/motorvehiclesafety/distracted_driving/index. html 4. https://www. safewise. com/faq/auto-safety/danger-texting-driving/

5. https://www. drivinglaws. org/indexhf. php 6. https://www. pantagraph. com/news/opinion/mailbag/texting-while-driving-puts-others-at-risk/article_403288a0-b77c-11de-9bf8-001cc4c002e0. html   