In the summer, student's minds are in the clouds, and they often forget that they have a summer school project to work on. Of course, this is always a bummer to have, and when students have to start on a project that the teacher has designed for them, it's even worse. Students are more likely to procrastinate, work on the project last minute, and have the mindset of thinking that the project that they have to work on is dumb. The lack of motivation and creativity will end up of making the project not as bright, and rather dull looking, as they struggle working on the project in the summer. However, if a student is able to design their own project, they would be able to put more effort into completing the project and be more creative on how they will complete the project. A student should be able to design their own project, because it helps them feel more motivated, be more creative, and they can take the information that they are using from the project and actually learn from it.

As a student myself, I tend to put more effort into my work when I know I can have fun with it. Instead of working on summer project that is picked by a teacher, the idea of picking my own project-design seems more motivating and more enjoyable to work on. When students have the option to work on a project that they can choose from, they end up forgetting that they are working on a project. Instead, they are just having fun and thinking that they are just working on a new summer hobby. The more people that enjoy on what their project is going to be, they are more likely to complete the project faster and not procrastinate on the project. This makes students gain better work ethic and not be lazy when completing a project they know that they don't have motivation for.

A student-designed project either allows students to become more creative or have students show off their creativity skills. Rather than just meeting the requirements that the teacher has given them, a student can go above and beyond on a project when they choose their own project. If the school gives students their own way to create their summer project, it can show teachers how they work when they present them when the students go back to school. Allowing students to show off their skills can show both students and teachers what that student can do, and he/she can inspire other students to become more creative when there is another project that is assigned to them.

The whole point of summer projects is for that students can make sure that they are still learning during their break. If they have to work on a project that is designed by a teacher, how would they ever feel motivated to actually learn from the project that they have to do? If a student gets to design their own project, they can pick their own project that it is interesting to them, and take their time to actually learn from it. Myself for example, I learn better when I have more fun, and when I find ways to make it more enjoyable.

Although if a teacher-designed project would be assigned to students, it would be easier for teachers to grade, as they already understand the topic(s) that is chosen for them. However, students would barely learn anything about the topic that is chosen for them, because they are forced to work on that topic. Also when the students are back in school and they have to present their projects, the other students might not even pay attention to their classmates presenting, because they would already know the information that is going to be said. The classmates that I've talk to in my school state to my that they have more fun with a project when they get to pick their own topic to choose from, and tend to pay attention more to when their classmates present different projects topics.

As it for being summertime when students have to work on their projects, it should be fun for them, as summertime is supposed to be time for students to have a break from school. That means not only they should enjoy their time tanning by the pool, vacationing, or even hanging out with their friends and family, they should work on a project that really speaks out to them, so that they can feel motivated to work on the project. If a project is assigned to students in the summer, it should be a student-designed project, so that it is more enjoyable/motivational, creative, and beneficial when helping them learn. This should help students enjoy their summer while continuing their learning. 