In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions. I'll be using details from the article to form an eassay arguing whether the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of the students in a classroom is valuable. I'll be sure to include, a claim for or against the value of using ths technology to read student' emotional expressions, evidence from the article to support the claim, and an introductions, a body, and a conclusion to my essay. The reasons i'm going to use are why it's valuable, how we can use it to help other, and how to use it correctly.

First of all let me explain the passge, the passage talks about how we can use technology to identify human emotions. How is this technology valuable, well it's very valuable. The FACS (Facial Actions Coding System) which is the technology that identify humans emotions, can let us see how everyone is. We can use the FACS everywhere that will help us to help people. Help everyone, and even animals. Help everyone in there time of need. Help those whom don't want help. Those who can't control themselves. Those that can't think correctly. Those whom are at the blink of death. A lot of people and so many more lives can be save with this technology.

How can we use it to help others? We can use the FACS to identify human emotions and help the ones that are sad. We can help them before somethings happens, like we can prevent a school shooting if we know how the persons feels. We can give them all the help they need. No lives have to be lost if we know how everyone feels. We can even stop people from killing themselves, we can change lives with this technology. We can even help those who don't want help because they are people to that are hurting. We have to help those in need and I know we can do it with the help of the FACS and change the world. It would be a lot safe out there. We can do all of this because of FACS and that's why i think its very valuable.

But there always a correct time to use this. If we can tell if someone is really depress that's when we do something because it's hard to control yourself when you are really sad. We shouldn't just wait and see what happens, we have to do something about it, because we are all human. If we see someone very depress we try to cheel them up, but what if we can't tell. That's also another example when we should use them. We can stop things from happening, bad things.

Futhermore I believe that the use of this technology can be very useful in many ways. In my essay i have show you why it's valuable, how we can use it to help other, and how to use it correctly. I also include a claim for or against the value of using ths technology to read student' emotional expressions, evidence from the article to support the claim, and an introductions, a body, and a conclusion to my essay. This technology called the FACS (Facial Actions Coding System) which is the technology that identify humans emotions, can help many people in there life, make it easliy for us to help those people, can help save people lives from hurting themselves or others, and make us prevent school shooting, people killing themselves, and save people life in many ways.   