Cars have always been a big part society; it takes us from home to work to home agian. However, people fail to realize that driving cars is damaging our earth. We don't have anywhere else to go if we keep killing earth. The government should take action and try to get the people out of cars and on bycicles.

In Paris, the government banned certain cars to drive on certian days. In Robert Duffer's article it explains which cars are banned, "On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered tro leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day." Paris takes action in hopes to help their air pollution. The smog was so bad it "rivaled Beijing, China".

Vaugban, Germany tries an experiment. They make a suburb with real people, going to real life jobs without cars. This is one of the first car-free cities and it was great. Life continued, people still breathed, society was advancing without any help from a combersome vehicle. Not only did this city help with air pollution but it got people up and outside! People walked or used bycicles to get to where their were headed. Exercise is the one thing almost everyone pushes off but now with no cars you have to get that exercise in order to get to work! Mother and media trainer, Heidrun Walter said '"When I had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way"'.

Even in Bogota, Colombia people believe '"It's a good oppertunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."' Eventhough Germany didn't allow a single car, Colombia did allow there to be public transportation only( busses and taxis). The people are happy and content with this simplistic lifestyle, so much so that other cities have joined the event! This goes to show that society doesn't need cars. We can take control of our life but lately we have been letting technology control the way we live.

Elisabeth Rosenthal believes it to be "The End of Car Culture". What do you believe? Are you happy with the life you are living now? "Has America passed peak driving?".            