I claim that the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because of the many reasons in the text he tells us. He says that it is very simple to see from a safe distance, but harder when you get closer to it, he also presents the idea that each mission was unmanned and for a good reason, and lastly Venus has a very thick atmosphere of a poisonious gas. These are all reasons he supports the idea that it is fun to study, but also dangerous. I will get more in depth with these reasons.

The first reason that the author supports this idea is when he says this statement in paragraph one, "While Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of Earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely." This shows that the author is trying to support the idea because he is saying Venus is easy to see from Earth, and a far distance, but when our space programs have tried to get closer, it has presented more problems that make it very difficult to examine more closely, which shows the author says Venus is worth studying, but dangerous.

The second reason the author supports the idea is in paragraph two. He says "Each mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." This shows when the author says "For a good reason" that he is trying to say he supports the idea of us trying to study more about Venus, but is glad we are approaching it at a safe distance, and unmanned. This is another reason he is telling us that it is good to study, but dangerous.

The last reason the author supports this idea is in paragraph three when he states, "Even more challenging are the clouds of the highly corrrosive sulfric acid in Venus's atmosphere." This shows that he is stating some of the facts that it is highly dangerous to go on Venus, by saying the words "Even more challenging" which presents he agrees with the idea that Venus is worthy to pursue studying, despite the dangers.

In conclusion, the reasons the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is because of the highly dangerous atmosphere, the spaceships that never survive landings on Venus for more than a few hours, and safe to see from a good vantage point but challenging when you get closer, all suggest that the author supports this idea. These are all reason as to how well the author does on being able to agree with this topic.                    