From Monster trucks to Volkswagen Beetles, all automobiles are created to make life easier for people from all corners of the Earth. Many people start up their cars everyday without a second thought, whether trekking across the street or across the country. Others believe that cars are ruining the Earth, and put effort toward decreasing their car's "footprint" on the environment. People everywhere should consider limiting their car usage.

A community with less cars has proven to also be one with less healthy citizens. According to Source Two, Paris, a city known for it's aromatic scents, was covered with the smell and appearance of smog for days (they had near-record pollution: Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London). After a day in which all even-numbered license plates were banned from the streets of Paris, the smog cleared up a great amount (enough for the city officials to take the ban they had placed for odd numbered license plates the next day). The smog that was affecting the well-being of Paris' citizens had mostly disappeared after only one day of limited car use. If a community limits cars, its inhabitants will be almost forced to exercise more. According to Source 3, in Bogota, Colombia, where a "Day Without Cars" is held yearly, 118 miles of bike paths have been constructed, the most of any Latin American city. Less cars on the road in this city have led to other means of transportation being more popular, including walking and bicycling. These ways of getting around are much more healthy then their gas-powered alternative. Less traffic on roads will therefore leave cities healthier than otherwise.

There are many more reasons why citizens should limit their personal car use. Owning a car is huge investment. You have to pay for gas and oil refills for any standard car based on how much it is driven. Because of this, limiting car use would also limit the pressure on car owner's wallets. According to Source One, the majority of residents of Vauban, Germany don't have cars. This city is an example of a worldwide effort to make suburbs denser. Because of this there is no need for automobiles to commute across the city. The purchase of a car, which costs thousands to even millions of American dollars for the average buyer, is unecesssary for the residents of this town and therefore can lead to better financial stability.

Car-driving, the catalyst to the wonders of travel, will continue to drive on the pollution of our Earth. Babysitters, doctors, students, and even the retired will thrive from limitations of car usage. Whether by limiting car usage or not, Earth's inhabitants need to ensure their planet is treated right.           