Although Venus has many dangers to it there are some parts of this planet that are very similar to Earth.

By having so many similarities to earth we could later bring life to Venus.

As well as Venus is right next to Earth so there wouldn't be many difficulties.

There are dangers to Venus but there are also some good qualities to it that could help us in the near future.

Venus is similar to Earth, only in some ways but there are many dangers of going there.

As said in paragraph 3 "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Looking back at this, it is telling us all about the dangerd of even going to Venus. NASA has had previous missions but have failed because the spacecraft couldn't last a few hours after landing.

Now obviously there has to be something on Venus or we wouldn't be going through all this trouble to get there. What is so good about Venus?

Yes, Venus does seem like a scary place if you read about it, but the only reason scientists want to look into it more is because of the similarities it has to our Earth.

As mentioned in paragraph 4 "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth.

Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." Scientists want to look more into Venus because of what we could do with it.

There are many ways that Venus can help our next generations.

All in all, NASA has been working on a new spacecraft that will go to Venus.

This way we can find out what Venus can truly do for us.

Although there are some threatning things among Venus, good comes from it too.