Some school offer distance learning as an opinion for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. the students not focus in home sometime, for the TV, video games, and cell phones. The 20% the students, not go to school because is more difficult, but 80% the students go to school students don't benefit because have a distraction in home the TVs, are distraction or watching movies the students not focus in work in study some not doing a work or copies in internet .

Students don't have a friends because not work in groups sometime not distraction with other students and more distraction in home sometime not focus some students said 5% the students not focus in house because the cell phones distract the students not benefit being able to attend classes from home.

The some students story and online because in the morning not necessary take a shower or not wake up late, but some students is more fanny story in school because distract more went a house.

The video conferencing you need to pay for a classes, in work some students have a job, and pay school.

The students said is more easy go to school for have more friends and you understand more because the teacher explain you went you have a question the teacher explain you or went you have a work and you need help she explain you.

The peoples said is more easy went you story is school because not pay for you education is more fanny one time in here in school the students talking about the school pay but in online some people said is a bad idea some people said is a god idea about this topic.

The students, went you go to school has a library, old the material paper, or notebook, doing homework, and has a lunch, break fast in the morning, and the after noon so you have old the classes for example art, geographic, and music etc. Some students, and some people said is more easy story and the home because some people dont doing a bulling for a skin color.

The video conferencing you need to pay for a classes, in work some students have a job, and pay school.

some school offer distance learning as an opinion for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. the students not focus in home sometime, for the TV, video games, and cell phones.

The students is not a god idea to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because some students copies a test in home or use a internet for a project or something like that. Connected to, served by, or available through a system and especially a computer or telecommunications system as the internet also done while connected to a system, online shopping.