the article, Making Mona Lisa Smile, the author describers how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify, human emotion the university of amsterdam, Dr. huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for human and copmputers to communicatre. a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we human use to express we feel. the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the the face, all 44 major musclues in the model must move like human muscles.

the new emotion, recognition softwere track these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of Mona Lisa, the different unit, thte softwere can even identify mixed emotion, each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. the humans perform this same impressive every day. for instance, we can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, that artist such as da vici studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotion.

his new computer softwere stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. perharps Dr. huang emotion algorrithmms are different sort of "Da Vinc code" the Mona Lisa demonstration is really internded to bring a smile to thet're face, while it shows just how much this computer can do. a computer that knows when they're happy or sad. if they're smile when a web ad appears on they're screen, a simily ad might follow, but if they're frown, the next ad will be different.

a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the same technology can make conputer animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, note Dr. huang, so computer need to undersatand that tooooo.

had his actor carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotion on stage. feeling someone else's emotion state, may happen because they're unconsciously imitate another person's facial expression. whoever thought that making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotion. Dr. Huang just want people to used the technology about the computer of Making Mona Lisa smile. he want all the wourl people happy of about he did. he just want to see people are smile. he don't want people are sadness. that's why he making these technology.          