In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming", the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. How do i feel about driverless cars? I am against driverless cars for many reasons. First, safety will always be a huge concern, especially if the driver is not the one driving the car. In addition, the production of driverless cars would cost alot so it might come out of the tax payers money. Finaly, I believe that the driverless cars will never be completely driverless

For a driverless car to be a good idea and be suitable for everybody, it needs to be completely safe for everybody. In the article, the author tells us that most driving laws focus on keeping the drivers, the passengers, and the pedestrians safe. We all know that safety is the most important way, but what is the best way to keep the drivers, the passengers, and the pedestrians safe? The author tells us that lawmakers already know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. How are the drivers going be alert when they are in a drivetless car. What if there is a system malfunction? What if the driver falls asleep while the car is driving itself? The outcomes don't look good. The author asks us a very good question. He asked, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" There will people suing the companies because they expected the driverless car to be a safe car and be able to drive itself because it's a driveless car. This would affect the buyers and manufacturers in a negative way. The production of driveless cars and the cost to buy driverless cars would cost alot. This would also affect the buyers and the manufacturers in a negative way. Finally, even if there was to be a driverless cars, it would not be completely driverless. This would cause concern for the manufacturers and the buyers.

It is true that driverless cars can benefit people, but it can also bring danger and concerns. I am against the development of driverless cars. First, safety will always be a concern. Driverless would not be completely safe because safety is best achieved with alert drivers. The drivers would not be completely alert if they were in a driveless car. In addition, the production and the cost to buy driverless cars would be high. This would cause problems for the manufacturers and the buyers. Finally, even if there was to be a driverless car, it would not be completeyly driverless and unfortunately, it would not be completely safe.            