Summer break is meant to give kids a break from school and the constant teacher-chosen workload. Summer projects should be student-designed because they will allow kids to show their creativity. Being forced to create boring and dull projects is very demoralizing and will make a student feel trapped. to contrast, when students can design their own projects it will be more fun and it will let students think for themselves. Additionally, having student-designed projects will boost the amount of kids who complete the projects.

To start, student-designed projects should be given to students because they let students creativity shine. Creativity is an important part of every child's life, not being able to use it will make a child dull. For example, when someone does not practice or use something they often lose their ability to do it. Additionally, student-designed projects would let students show who they really are and what they enjoy. When students can show who they really are they feel happy and good about themselves. Also, when they can express what they enjoy they will attract other classmates that enjoy the same thing. Having friends that enjoy the same thing they do will not only improve their happiness but will also improve their work ethic towards what they enjoy. For example, I am in very demanding and somewhat difficult classes. Having friends in the same classes as me with the same goals makes it a lot easier. Without them I would most likely not work nearly as hard.

To add, student-designed projects should be given to students because they will increase the amount of kids that will complete the project. When students are forced to complete something they do not enjoy some people just will not do it. If students enjoy the project and look forward to it many more will complete it. For example, I have been assigned many projects during my life. When a teacher gives the students more than one way they can do the project it always has more submissions than if it was only an essay. Specifically, after reading a book, my class had to do a final report. When the teacher gave us options such as a: poster, essay, picture, or model it had many submissions.

To contrast, many people would say that having student-designed projects would allow students to not work as hard as they would if they had teacher-designed projects. What they did not consider is that it is summer break and that most students would not be working hard anyways. To add, having student-designed projects would allow the students to be more enthusiastic about the project and work harder. If you expect students to work hard during summer why even have a summer break? It does not make any sense to give students a break that they still need to work during.

In conclusion, summer projects should be student-designed because they will allow kids to show their creativity, and they will increase the amount of students who complete them. Giving students something they can choose will ultimately increase students work ethic and view of school.