Firstly, i am for the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions, becaue it is not someting that can just be eaisily told these days and it must have been even worst to tell in the past. I personally beilieve that it wold be best to have somehing that has been woked on by many people and can be very well depended on. These days no one can tell ho someone fels because of their facial expression. so in my essay will be giving evidence that supports whymi am for the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions.

Secondly, my evidence that supports that i am for the value of using this technology to read students emotionl expressions is in the text where it text states " The software is the latest innovation from Prof. Thoma Huang, of the University of illinois, working in collaboration with prof . Nicu sebe of the university of Amsterdam. Dr. Huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate". from this evidence i can definenly defend and give evidence for why i am for the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions. from tis quote i am for the value of using tthis technology to read students emotionl expressions because their are many people many universities who combind their knowlege and what they know together so off couse they would come up with something so great. by something so graet i mean humans, technology and emotions. What i can also personally add to this parrgraph is things are way more depenable and understanding and way more better and trustfull and when many people join their heads together.

Thirdly, another evidence that supports that i am for the value of using this tehnology to read students emotional expressions is in the text where the text states " The process begin with the computer model of the face .....then Dr. Huang relies on the work of psychologists, such as Dr. paul eckman......for example, your frontalis pars lateralis muscle ......" . from this evidence i should already know that i am for this technology and i agree with it being used to read students emotional expressions. I agree with it being used to read students emotinal expression, because just from the first four words of the quote i know that is is definently dependable .I know from those four words in the begining of the quote that this passage tells me everything that i need to know about this technology. It also leaves me without worries and question but the need to use it.

Fourth, another evidence that i can use that supports why i am for this the quote "The software is the latest innovtion from " just from this quote i can support why i am foe the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions because i no that what ever company or what so ever this project will definently be graet and will as much as it is expected to do great. Another reason why i am for the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions is the text states "While looking at the mirror :......1....2...3...... does your expression in the mirror suggest an emotion?

Can your lab partner recognize which one........accordig to facial feedback.....".

Also this quote " Who ever thought that making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotion! from this quote i can say that people can't just understand your emotions and how you feel because of your face expression so that is wy their is a need for a technology that is thrustfull and has been developed with so much knowlege to help with all that and the curiusity of how someone feels from their facial expression.

To conclued i would definently say that i am for the valueof using this technoogy to read sudents emotonal expressions. This technogy is the latest technology so i can count on its new developments. This techology has been created by many developers many universities, many proffesors so am for sure that they made it the best that it should and needsto be. This technology helps us understand and fills us in with all the questions that we have of it and it and the human emotion and others. I love this technology and i hope it definently works for sure.