The " Unmasking the Face on Mars" was NOT created by Aliens. The Face on Mars is just a natural landform. It's just a natural landform because the Face on Mars looks just like a natural face, there is no eveidence that Aliens have been on the planet Mars, and some Scientist from

NASA is only saying its an alien artifact because it'll benefit NASA in the long run.

The Face on Mars looks just like a natural face. Also, its just a natural landform. In paragraph 3, it restates, "huge rock formaton . . . which resembles a human head . . .." The illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth, which was created by shadows. So, the Face on Mars has human characteristics.

NASA is only saying its life, and also saying the face was created by Aliens because itll benefit them in the long run. In paragraph 3 it even says, " The authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars." Then in paragraph 4 it restates, "It certainly did!" Meaning, the engagemnet to the public and on Mars worked. Now, that NASA discovered the Face on Mars, it has become a pop icon, starred in Hollywood films, and ETC.

There is no evidence that Aliens have been on the Planet Mars. It says the Face on Mars resembles a rock formation. Then. the shadows gave it eyes, nose, and a mouth. It says nothing about

Aliens creating the Face . Although few scientist believe the Face was an alien artifact, many still believed it was a real Human Face.

When, the MOC team snapped a picture . . . thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a website called JPL. The JPL website revealed a natural landform. Finally, there was no alien monument after all.

In conclusion, The Face on Mars is a just a natural landform. First, The Face on Mars looks just like a natural face, there is no evidence that aliens have been on the Planet Mars, and NASA is only saying the face was created by aliens beacuse it'll benefit them in the long run. So. there is no way Aliens could have possibly created The Face on Mars. What do you think ?                          