Teacher vs. Student-Assigned Summer Projects

Have you ever wondered what it's like having to complete school assignment's over summer break? Chances are, probably not. Many schools are now requiring for summer assignment's to be completed, but the real question is should those assignment's be teacher-assigned or student-assigned? These assignment's should very well be student-assigned. Letting the student choose their own assignment is a wonderful idea because what they choose is likely something they won't have a hard time completing and they're also still getting some sort of education. Student's can still have fun over the summer while learning and preparing for the upcoming year. A student-designed project could also let the student work on their own time and pace because during the summer most people are out on vacation and don't have time to complete schoolwork. Student-designed summer assignment's would result in a relaxed, but still productive and educational summer that will help better prepare student's in the upcoming school year.

Summer project's should be assigned by teacher's and not student's because of the lack effort the student's will put forth. Having to do schoolwork over the summer is one thing, but making the work student-assigned is whole different ballgame. If the student chose what assignment's they would have to complete over the summer they most likely wouldn't finish it or not even look at it let alone take it out of their book bags. Teacher-assigned assignment's would make the student have to remember what to get done and when to have it done by or there will be consequence's. As a student they may not be fond of it but what it's doing is keeping them learning over the summer and starting them off nicely with solid grades in the upcoming school year. Think about this, during the school year if homework was optional who would do it? Now if a teacher assigned everyone homework and told them to have it done by a certain date for a grade, then see how many student's would complete their homework. It's night and day and the same thing applies in this case.

Put yourself in a young students' shoes, you're in school for nine months and you finally can relax, go home, and just enjoy your time off because you did great during the school year and you deserve it. Then your teacher mentions summer assignment's that will be designed by him or her. The assignment's will likely be a load and it all has to be completed by a certain date. That's just completely unfair, because you work hard all year just to get time to relax and you can't. It's probably very overwhelming and young students need time to take a break and have fun especially after the long nine month slog they call school. Allowing the student to choose their own assignment's over the summer is great because they have no excuse to not get it done. The student would be working on their own time and not on any teachers'. During the summer when people are on vacation and need time off its a great idea to allow student's to get work done, but also have time to do what they desire over break. There's nothing better than working on your own time, having fun, and still getting things accomplished.

The effort given in a teacher-designed assignment versus a student-designed assignment would be completely different. You're likely thinking a student won't do their work if it was up to them and not the teacher, but that's false.

A teacher-assigned-assignment forces their student's to do schoolwork that they're just doing to get done or because they have to, not because they want to learn. In a system like that you dont learn anything and you especially don't have much fun either. Student's should learn to have fun but also want to be eager to want to be educated and want to learn something new. Telling the student's that the summer assignment is due on this day and get it done by this time or it's a zero won't accomplish anything but kid's that just want to get it over with so they won't receive a bad grade. A student-designed project would not only get them more prepared for the year ahead but would also give the kid's time to enjoy their summer and also learn at the same time.

Lastly, student-designed summer assignments would result in a relaxed, but still productive and educational summer that will help better prepare student's in the upcoming school year. Over the summer student's need time to just be kids and hang out, instead of stressing over a teacher-assigned project that is a overwhelming load of schoolwork. Working on your own time and choosing your own assignment is genius because you don't have to worry about anything or anyone else but yourself which would result is more summer assignment's being completed but not just completed but enjoyed being completed. Any teacher can force their kids to complete an assignment, but will the student's really enjoy learning over the summer on their own time compared to being forced to by a teacher. Student-assigned summer projects are the way to go in the future because we will definitely see better results especially going into the following school year.