Phones & Driving

Today, the majority of adults own and operate cell phones on a daily basis, such as, texting, calling, and being on social media communicating to one another. But while using a cell phone while driving in the other hand is utterly dangerous. First of all, you're not supposed to have your cell phone out when driving in the first place! This increases the risks of an accident, and worst case scenario, death. Anything can happen if you look away even just for one second off the road.

To begin with, let's talk about our senses really quick. We use our eyes to see, ears to hear, hands to touch, tongue to taste, and nose to smell. When we are driving we mainly use our eyes, ears, hands, and feet. We use our eyes to see the road, as well as other cars. For our hands we use the steering wheel to maneuver the vehicle, and our feet we use the pedals to determine the speed. Lastly, we use our ears to hear our surroundings. For example, if we were going to make a call/text on the cell phone, you will lose all of those abilities, because you are distracted doing two or more things at once.

In addition, the Hands Free Georgia Law states, "all drivers operating a motor vehicle on any highway of this state are prohibited from: Holding or supporting, with any part of the body, a wireless telecommunications device or stand-alone electronic device." This emphasizes that the driver is not allowed to write, send or read any text-based communication, including a text message, instant message, e-mail or internet data, according to the Georgia Department of Driver Services.

Lastly, this goes for the same as drinking and driving. Any alcohol consumed inside your body will greatly be affected in your driving ability. The Alcohol Rehab Guide claimed that, you'll have a "slow reaction time, lack of coordination, reduce concentration, decrease vision, and inhibit judgment." These are ways alcohol influences you, and your driving capabilities. On to the dangers of using cellphones while driving. The General Cell Phone Statistics reports, "that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving." These are numbers people need to start realizing that your life is more important than being on your phone communicating to someone else when driving.

In conclusion, using your phones while driving is prohibited. Based from these reports, there were evident factors to the point that cell phone use while driving does cause accidents. Therefore, that's why we have laws to prevent these irresponsible acts. Together we can end these numbers if we just take more control in ourselves.         