The use of this technology to reaf the emotioanl expressions of students in a classroom is valuble. BecauseEckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger,disgust, fear, and sadness and then assocaited wach with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. Using video imagery, the new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements. In a real face or in printed face.

Using a software can read someones emotional expression of a student in a classroom. You could also look at someone and maybe guess how they are feeling. You dont always need a software to figure out how someone is feeling. And you can tell how someone is feeling by the feedback that they give you. At least according to some new computer software you can recognize emotions. The software is the least innovation. The process begins when the computer constucts a 3-D computer model of the face all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. In fact, we humans perfoorm this same impressive ''calculation'' everyday. It could be hard to figure out someones facil expression but using thast software could help you figure out what they are feeling.

The Mona Lisa demonstration is realy intended to bring a smile to your face. A classroom computer could recogize when a student is becoming confused or bored. There are a lot of examples in the text like there is one that talks about your frontalis pars lateralis nuscle which is above your eyes. This is technology is valuable it gives lots of good way you could read or figure out someones expression or feeling. According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage, Empathymay happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressions. Each expression is compared against a neutral face.

You could argue that the use of the technoloy is valuable cause maybe they used that to make Mona Lisa Smile thats the name the article. So they could've used that as a advantage.