Having children partake in extra curricular activities can help your children, become more sociable, and become more involved in their schools. After school programs are also very good at helping new students become more integrated into the school system. By partaking in extracurricular activities you can meet new people and gain great experiences. By having your children participate in extracurricular activities like, sports teams, or student run organizations, the experiences you could gain could potentially be very rewarding for your later years.

Children all over the world participate in extracurricular group activities. For example young children in Switzerland have little after school groups called "Horts" where they eat together, clean together, finish homework together, and play together. Those "Horts" can form life-long friendships and form even closer bonds to their classmates. I think by implementing those same practices we can help future generations become even more tight knit and overall become much closer. So instead of eating alone at lunch and being sad, your child would have a much happier lunch with good friends and a much tighter knit school community. So by partaking in extracurricular activities, your child can form stronger bonds, stronger friendships, and even new friends as well.

Secondly, extracurricular activities can help children relax, and in some circumstances, they could potentially help children improve their grades. For instance one of the best stress relieving thing you can do is to exercise, but most people don't like to exercise because they don't think its fun. But if you exercise with friends, then it can be really fun, because generally everything you do with friends is more fun than doing anything alone. So by joining a sports team you get to relieve your stress, by exercising and you get to have fun with some friends. Also if you happen to be super talented when it comes to your sport you could even get offers to play college and you could potentially even receive scholarships. But if you want to receive good scholarships you must also be a good student, now generally most schools offer tutoring or homework clubs which can be very helpful if you want to improve your grades. So in general after curricular activities can help improve your grades and can help you feel more relaxed. Now don't you want to be happy in school and don't you want good grades?

Now some people may ask, "What if my child doesn't like sports?" You can tell them that not all after school activities are sports related, and so instead of making your kids play sports try letting them pick what they want to do. There are so many good clubs and organizations to join in school so why not take advantage of it? For example you could join the yearbook committee or join student council, there are so many options we could keep going forever. Now what if your child does not like any of the extracurricular activities? Schools are great places to try new things, just because your child has never done something before does not mean they won't necessarily like it. So before you jump the gun and say you child does not like something maybe let them explore their options first.

In conclusion, by having your children participate in extra curricular activities, the experiences that were gained, would be so rewarding in the end for growing children. In my opinion extracurricular activities are great places for children to discover who they are, what they like, what they want to be when they grow up and so much more. I believe that all students should participate in extracurricular activities because they can help children like me discover who they are. 