Some people like to drive while otherss don't and some countries are making bans or just limiting the usage of cars. This can have more advantages than disadvantages.

When people drive cars they let out pollution into the air which harms the atmosphere. The advantages to this is that if people don't drive that much anymore the pollution can be stopped at a certain point and cause no harm anymore of course the air might still be polluted but with a less perentage. People would definitely use money on something else thtne to try and get the new car or just use it on gas. There are alternatives to limit the use of cars.

Sociolagists believe if this continues with people limiting car transportation that "it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emission, just behind power plants." so if we all got to think about it we are basically doing a favor to oursleves by helpiing the planet by limiting the use of cars.

Another advantge that this idea might have is that the peoplw in the community could stop spending more money due to cuts in the job. They waste money on gas on new cars, etc. When really you could be doing something bttter with taht money.

Most poeple dont even really need cars they use them for the heck of it. Teenagers use it just to go around with friends or go to work but really they could limit that use and find another way of transportation. This isn't saying to just stop using your car but just findfing a way to say that if you dont really need your car but just using it for fun then you could limit that use and instead of driving to places that are close to you just walk there.

The author of "The End of Car Culture" Ellisabeth Rosenthal even said that her own kids being 19 and 21 "have not even bothered to get a driver's license...." they find other ways to get around she said "they organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or car-pool with friends" as i said before there are alternatives to limiting the usage of cars and this could be one of them if you are with friends and all are going to the same palce then you ca just share one car so that not all of the cars are ut it can avoid traffic and cost less money to you also.

In conclusion, I say that there are alot of advantages to limiting the use of cars and we could most definitely make more.    