In all honesty, if it were up to me, I would keep the Electoral College. Because imagaine what a catastrophe it would be if we did not have the Electoral College, how would they count the votes. Anybodyvoted on who you wanted to win it go can cheat the number of votes to change the president they are voting for. With the Electoral College you can't do that because,  once you voted who you want to win, it get sent out tothe electors. Who from that point on count how many voted for both of them and decide a winner.

Now it is possible for somebody to secretly change the names that way but it is a higher stake, or risk to take not having the Electoral College. Also, it is possible for worker of the Electoral College to make a mistake in countung the counting the votes and to cause a big confussion in the votes but that is very highly impossible, if not impossible.

If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. On the off-chance that those electors won the statewide election, they would go to Congress and Kerry would get 34 electoral votes. Who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding public office. Who picks the electors in the first place?

The Electoral College is a widely regarded as an anachrosim, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruledbydeclaring the candidate who receives the most popular vote the winner. Not only that, but a disputeover the outcome of an Elecotral College voteis possible-it happened in 2000-but it is less likely than a dispute over the popular vote.

Their are five reasons to retain, or keep the Electoral College. First, it's a certainty of outcome, the winner is everybodys president, it swings states, not only does ig work for little states, but for big ones too, and you can avoid run-off elections.

So those are my reasons why we should keep the Electoral College, we should not overlook the goods that the Electoral College does to our nation just because of two little bad that can be repaired.                      