Dear state senator,

I beleive that we should throw out the electoral colledge and not use it anymore. Today it is irrelevant and it does not help out the elections, in fact I think it only causes trouble.

The electoral colledge is the last deciding factor of who acuatlly gets president. How is that a democracy? The people vote for who they want to in the main election and then by popular vote is usually what party gets to send the electors that would vote for them(source 1 ph 5-8). An example of this is the famous 2000 election. That election Al Gore and George Busch were facing off fo the right to hold office. Now Al Gore had won by popular vote, but instead what happened is the electoral colledge voted in favor of Busch instead of Al Gore(posner  ph16). So this shows that Gore should have won because he had the most votes by the american people, but then the electoral colledge voted someone else. So why did the people even vote if the person they wanted in office did not even make it in. That is why we should do away with the electoral colledge.

Now if for some reason the majority voted in a really crazy man into office that would completely corupt the government then it would be good too have something else that can change teh vote so that America does not get anymore corrupted. The only problem is how many times would you vote for a crazy person who you know will affect you in a very major way? My guess is not very often.

Now there is some perks but they are really only for the losing president. If the pesident did not win all of the popular vote he could have won a lot more swing states than his opponent which help him better in the electoral election(posner ph20). So there is only one way that the electoral colledge is helpful and it is not even to the American voters. This is why we need a change and to get rid of the electoral colledge.

So in conclusion, I have shared many reasons why the electoral colledge needs to go. I hope that you mull over these ideas and that you bring them to the governments attention.

Sincerely,

A student    