Distance learning is an extravagant way of learning for those who don't necessarily have an easy option to go to public schooling. Even though some argue that the social interactions experienced at school help build a person's character; there are many cases where large classrooms actually cripple a student's potential. Distance learning has many benefits such as for people living in rural areas where transportation can be an issue. Distance learning students who have a hard time in social environments can find themselves excelling in the privacy of their home. Less school days would be missed due to the fact that outside weather conditions and school conditions would not be an issue. Also, less money would have to be poured into the transportation system and can be focused on other important aspects of the education system.

To start off, student's living in rural areas have a harder time getting to school and especially through a bus. These student's have to wake up earlier than usual and miss out on more sleep. You could argue that these rides help the student's create new friends but, these student's usually meet outside of school since they live close by. The more sleep and time a student has to themselves, the more successful they will be. Imagine this, a student living in a rural countryside lives about 35 minutes away from his school. Their school starts at around 8:00 AM. The bus would have to make multiple stops and the student's being the first. This would mean that the student would have to be ready to leave in time for the bus to pick them up and endure the rest of the stops. Being this early they would have to be ready by about 7 AM or maybe even earlier. He or she would then have to wake up at a comfortable time maybe 6 AM or earlier. The day before they had homework which they didnt finish until about 5 PM. To get more than 8 hours of sleep at that point you would need to sleep before 10 PM. This leaves the student with not even 5 hours of the day for himself. More time could be allocated to extracurricular activities if the student did not have to worry about getting up in time for the bus.

Secondly, there are many student's who suffer from social anxiety and many other issues with social interaction. distance learning can make a student feel comfortable from learning in their own home. Parents also have more control in a student's performance by being their to guide and support them through their studies. A student studying through distance learning will also be able to have more experience with technology. This added experience and knowledge will be critical in this advancing world. A lot of people will be able to find themselves taking heart to technology related fields or simply giving themselves new found passions. Students who otherwise despise going to school and having to deal with their ailment will find a new found love for school and learning. Take for example, a new high school student who suffers from social anxiety. This student would have to deal with tons of stress from entering a new environment with new people. He or she would be focused on the gratification of his peers while distracting him from his schoolwork. If this student was taking a distance learning program he would not have to force himself through this unnecessary stress. This student would pick up on vital learning abilities needed in high school to help him succeed in his upcoming years. Otherwise, without this type of program, the student could miss out on important opportunities through the stress and turmoil of worrying about his peers and image.

Also, a lot of school is missed due to bad road conditions or weather. Distance learning can help make sure that less days are missed so that students can stay on task. People who are critical to this topic could say that bad weather could take out energy thus making it useless, however these conditions rarely become bad enough to take out power sources. Student's without power would have more issues to deal with that would also disrupt their learning, so it would only be logical that learning for that day should be halted. There are more scenarios where distance learning would help in these conditions rather than have no impact. For example, on a snowy day, roads are too dangerous for buses and drivers to come to school. With distance learning, students would have the ability to still experience a full school day without their learning be crippled by transportation.

Finally, less money would be spent on transportation and less stops would have to be made. This could save student's more time in the mornings, and save the school money to enhance their learning experience. Buses would have less mileage and more gas. Student's who drive wouldn't have to worry about expenses towards their transportation. Also larger amounts of people can be accommodated by the school due to less people being physically in the classroom. More money could also mean raises to teachers which would satisfy the ongoing issue of teachers feeling like they aren't paid enough. Students will also be more enticed in a school career due to a larger salary. Schools will run a lot more smoothly and the field would be infinitely more respected by the new generation.

In conclusion, distance learning has a lot of benefits and brings forth solutions to modern problems. Students taking distance learning can better understand technology and how they feel about it. It would come to no surprise if we saw an increase of teachers and computer scientists due to the implementation of this program. School offices would be thrilled to use less money on transportation, and to see students enjoy their success without the turmoil of going through unwanted social interaction. Distance learning is an example of how technological evolution brings forth great changes to everyday life, and how we can get into a healthier mindset of change in the school system.