A world full of driverless cars seems a thousand years away; the thought of being able go anywhere at anytime without driving or a driver seems to be science fiction. However, with recent advancements in the field of driverless automoblies, this fantasy can exist sooner than one might think. With the Google Car program and BMW's "Traffic Jam Assistant," the world of driverless cars may almost be here. I believe that development and research for the creation of truly automatic transportation should be continued, based on information from "Driverless Cars Are Coming:" the invention of driverless cars, the safety implications and solutions, and the options for making driving a better experience.

Completely driverless cars continue to be science fiction, but with advancements in technology, the dream of driverless cars is within reach. But the obstacles of driverless cars are not as simple as just inventing one. Right now, driverless cars exist, such as Google's modified Toyota Prius. With a multitude of different sensors, including a rotating radar on the roof, this car can mimic the skill of a human. These developments have revolutionized the field of driverless cars; with the Google Car project, it is possible to have a driverless car today. But there is still room for improvement, such as safety and the driving experience, which is why development of these driverless cars should continue.

The issue of the safety of automoblies is still relevant to driverless cars as well. If there is a situation that the driverless car cannot handle, there could be accidents and damage. However, driverless car developers continue to address this problem, and solutions have been proposed. BMW has announced that they have developed a car that can drive itself for speed up to 25 mph. They also require that the driver keep attention to the wheel, and will notify if there is a situation where the driver must take over. This allows the driver to navigate work zones or around accidents, increasing the safety of the driverless car. The car can alert the driver in several ways, so the driver can always know when it is necessary to drive. With more development, the cars can be better prepared to handle situations and know when to notify the driver, increasing the safety of the experience.

With the invention of the driverless car, the driving experience can change in new ways. The aspect of driving a driverless car allows the driving fun to be interpreted in diferent ways. This especcially proves true for in-car entertainment options. With cars that can notifty the driver whenever there is a situation to take over, the driver can relax and use in-car entertainment and information systems safely. These increase the driving experience and what the driver or passangers can do, without endangering people or property. As more development is made, the driving experience can change to make driving better for all; a time to relax or have fun, while maintaining safety.

With so many advancements in driverless cars, a world run by driverless cars is a possibility. The invention of driverless cars, safety solotions, and an increase in the driving experience all show that with development and research, truly driverless cars can be achieved. I believe that development on driverless cars should continue, so that they can be perfected and put into use, making driving better for everyone.