The electoral college should be abolished because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidates elector (source 1), and the voters cant always control who their electors vote for (source 2). On the other hand the electoral college is a great thing because a dispute over the outcome of an electoral college vote is possibe but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote (source 3).

When you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidates elector (source 1). Most people, including me, would like to vote for the president not a candidate because they might not even vote for the person you want for president. Some states are smaller then others so that makes them feel like their votes arent as important as the bigger states like California and Texas. The electoral college consists of only 538 electors compared to how many people are actually in the U.S. so there is a greater chance that the wrong president might be elected.

Many people do not vote because the voters cant always control who their electors vote for (source 2). Not everyone wants to take the chance of voting for the wrong person to be elected for president. Some voters might get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate, as it says in source 2. Most states are small so most people in those states dont think the little states matter and they arent important in the election when they actually do.

On the other hand the electoral college is a great thing because a dispute over the outcome of an electoral college vote is possibe but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote (source 3). A better thing about the electoral college is that it requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal, meaning that not all the vote can come from one or two regions and no other ones. Voters in presidential elections are the people who want to express a political preference rather than the people woh tihnk a single vote can dicide an election.

As a student I want the best for the up coming generations, including me, that are going to be able to be a part of the presidential elections and to not be confused who to vote for or how the electoral college works. Every year a new generation becomes legal to vote and be part of the election but if they dont know how to vote or how it works then they wont be able to. Some people dont know anything about poitics but, still want to be able to vote so, it should be easy for them to vote for who they want to be president rather then the long process of, voting for the canidates elector and most of the time they dont vote for who they want and they vote for the wrong person.                                                    