Many countries and cities have cut down the usage of cars because of the pollution that they cause. Some countries created days dedicated to not driving cars, and if someone violated this, they would be fined. Some people accepted this and embraced it, while others did not like the idea of not being able to drive at all. That was why when Paris forced a driving ban, almost 4,000 drivers were fined according to the article "Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer. They did this because they are the city in Europe with the most pollution. But actually, not driving has many advantages that help you and your city.

One advantage to not driving is that it reduces a lot of stress. And it also helps clear all the traffic off the streets. Many places are trying to make things closer together and easier to get to, to encourage walking over driving, Andrew Selsky mentioned in his article "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota." He also mentioned that "parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks..." So this has caused the people in Bogota, Colombia to love walking no matter the weather.

In the article, "The End of Car Culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, she mentions that America's love of cars has decreased a lot. She also has stated that "a study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009". People are now car-pulling or walking. Car sales have decreased as well. In some cities like Vauban, Germany have cut car usage all together and are completely car free as mentioned in the article "In German Suburb, Life Goes On without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal.

In conclusion, there are far more advantages to not taking car then there are disadvantages. It is important to cut back the usage of cars to cut back on pollution in the world. Many countries have already done so, which has only been very beneficial for them. People are happier and less stressed out, the air is clean of harmful fumes. Which is why it is so beneficial for more countries and cities to cut back on the use of cars, so people can be more happy and healthy.                                               