The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The electoral college process consist of the selection of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors wher they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. Personally I believe that Electoral Colleges work because it would be a great process where students can work their way up to become a congressman, and it would also look good on your reputation.

It would be a great process where students can work their way up to become a congressman. Imagine all the wonderful things you can learn about congress and you can have your own personal experience. The electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is requried to elect the President. Your state's entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in the Congressional delegation: one for each memeber in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators. Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for aslate of electors, who in turn elect the president. If you live in Taxas, fpr instance, and wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democatic electors pludges to Mr. Kerry.

It would look good on your reputation. Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. I know your would wat that because that would be great, and really helpful. The presidential election is held every four yoears on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. You help choose your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors. After the presidential  election, your governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment" listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your state along with the names of their respective electors. Your state's Certificates of Ascertainments are sent to the Congress and the National Archives as part of the official recors of the presidential election.

The single best argument against the electoral college is what researchers call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century. The system allows for much worse. Consider that the state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people.    