A claim that evalutes how well the author supports the idea is "Often referred to as Earth's twin, Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." " Sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to venus." "EAch previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." "Not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." " A thick natmosphere of almost 97% carbon dioxide blankets Venus."

The suface of venus is over 800 degress, that is 90 times greater than what we experience on Earth. These conditions on Venus are far more extreme. Venus conditions also beat submarines divinging into the deepest parts of out oceans. Ir would liquidfy metals. Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar sysem even though Mercury is closer to our sun. Venusian geology and weather presents additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface.

Venus was probaly covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth. Venus still has some features just like Earth. The planet has rocky sediment and includes familar features like valleys mountains and craters but, you have to consider given the long time frames of space travel.

Venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. A cehicle hpvering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of the way. You would have to be 30 plus miles above the surface. The temperture will still be hot around 170 degrees. The air pressure would be close to sea level on Earth. "Radation would not exceed Earths levels." The conditions on Venus would be survable for humans. " Most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering sandard forms of photography and videpgraphy ineffective."

" Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." "Reaseachers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else from a distance."