The Electoral College should be kept. It has been like this for a lot of years so why change it now? It is not a complicated system that people don't understand and works well with our country. Electoral College should stay, many would argue it is not a democratic modern sense but this country is a democracy so of course the system of which we pick our president has to be democratic.

The Electoral College should stay because to win it a candiate would have to be popular in states other than the South. It is understading citizens in the South might feel like their vote does not count, but at the end of the day if that was the way it has been done for several years and there is no reason to change it now. "Voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign" (Source 3, Paragraph 20). If people are starting to pay more attention to the campaign and what is happening around the country then that is a good thing to keep the Electoral College. People start to care about who governs and who tries to make this country better. They all go out and vote for who they think it is best, even if the person that they wanted to win, didnt. This system makes citizens feel like their voices matter and it can make a difference.

"The Electoral College avoids the problem of the elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the cast" (Source 3, Paragraph 22). The Electoral College is avoiding another problem so it should be kept. It is avoiding a problem such as a person getting too many votes and keeps it fair for both candiates. It is important to keep it because voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election (Sourse 3, Paragraph 23). The people that think their political ideas are more imporant than votes, should the person to govern a country. They think about the good things and if their ideas are good enough, they should win.

In conclusion, the Electoral College should be kept the same. It has been the same for years so no reason to change it now. It has more benefits such as, citizens paying more attention to the electoral campaigns, and good candiates who cares more about thier political belifes then votes.    