I agree with the principal that the students should participate in an after school activity. I believe that it could be a good way for the students to find new friends with the same interests as them. Students could also try to find clubs that catch their interest if they didn't have a club that they wanted to join, and maybe they would enjoy that club. Staying after school for clubs could get kids off of there phones, and help them to stay active. Another reason why staying after could be beneficial is that the students get an opportunity to do the things they like, that they may not have the opportunity to do at school or at home.

Students could find other students in that club with the same interests as them, and they could become friends. The students will make new friends because they all have at least one thing in common with each other. If they were to hang out more, then they could start to find out that they have a lot more in common. Making new friends at that activity will make the students want to go back to that activity so they can see their friends again. This would go perfectly with the idea that the principal had. The student wants to go to something that the principal is telling them that they have to go to. This gives the principal what they want, and it gives the students what they want.

Going to the activity will make kids use their free time constructively. Usually when students get home from school, they use their time being on their phone or playing video games. When they go to an after school activity, they use some of their free time constructively. If the student went to the sports club, then they would get more physical exercise. If the student does yearbook, then they get to learn about different activities going on throughout the school. If the student participates in the student council, then that student gets to help the community through service projects. All of those clubs provide better use of the students time, rather than just sitting at home doing nothing. If the students actually enjoy cutting back on devices, then would try to manage their time so they are staying away from screens and doing something that is stimulative.

Sometimes none of the activities catch the eyes of a student. Maybe if they were forced to choose one activity, they would find a passion in that activity that they didn't know that they had. Some students don't have enough hobbies, if they even have any at all. Making them choose an activity could possibly interest them in whatever they chose, and they would start to take up that activity as a hobby. Now that the student has a hobby, that student will most likely spend time doing that hobby instead of doing the other activities that keep the student from being productive. The student will now think that if he gives something new a try, they will enjoy whatever it the new activity is. Now he will want to do other new activities that exercise either his body or his mind. Soon his free time will be filled with the hobbies that are good for him and not the time wasting ones.

If the student already enjoys one of the activities provided, then it gives the student an opportunity to participate in that activity. Sometimes students just can't find time in their busy schedules to do the things that they enjoy. Staying after school would be the perfect time for that student to do the activity that they want to do. Maybe the student wasn't selected for the yearbook elective in school, but because there is a yearbook activity after school; that student can now do yearbook like she wanted to. Some parents can't afford for their child to do certain activities like play a sport. If there was an opportunity for the students to stay after to do a sport for free, they would take it. The student gets to do something that they have always wanted to do, but that their parents could never afford. Many students just want to do something that they enjoy with their free time, and after school is the perfect time to do it.

The principal making the kids stay after for an activity will most likely result in a positive outcome for the students. Whether it results in new friendships, trying new things, or just being able to do something that the student loves. The principal should make every student participate in and after school activity, because it is beneficial to them. That is why I agree with the principal and his decision to make every kid do an after school activity.                                                                                                                                                                                                                