Everyone likes to have fun, that's undeniable, but is it fun when you're told you have to do it? Although playing a sport you love or spending time on the year book is fun, it's unfortunate that it wasn't really you're choice to do so. students shouldn't be forced to do an extra curricular activity, students are already busy with homework, may just want some time to them self, and either way extra curriculars are never as fun when you're told you have to do them.

Students are busy, either with homework, studying, family, and friends, juggling it all is hard enough. If students are being forced to add another thing to their plate are they really being set up for success? For example if a brand new high school student just moved to town and was already very stressed about catching up in classes, taking tests, and making new friends, being told they need to join an extracurricular would just make things harder. It would be better if they got time to do everything they needed and maybe choose to play a sport with some friends they made the next year or maybe sign up for yearbook, but by choice not because they had to.

Being a full time student takes a whole lot of time away from friends and family and having an extra curricular takes up even more of that time. Being with the people you love is so important so why wouldn't schools want to promote and value that rather than force their students to have schedules full of an unnecessary extra curricular that a student may not even want to do. What if you wanted to go to the mall with your cousin whos only in town for the weekend but you can't miss soccer so instead you spend 2 hours running laps and passing a ball, it would make anyone like that sport a little less.

If a student is being taught you don't have to love the thing you're doing, what matters is you're doing it, are they really being taught the right thing? When they go to get a job that makes a lot of money but they don't really love the job they probably won't be as successful and happy but if students are taught early on that doing what you're passionate about is important, that's a whole lot more important than a random extra curricular activity that they only signed up for because they had to. Although there's plenty of benefits from doing an extra curricular, being forced to do it will make it so much less fun for students, so why not give students the choice to participate rather than forcing it.

Students shouldn't be required to do an extra curricular activity, maybe because their busy, or maybe they would just rather spend time with friends and family. Either way the reasons shouldn't be questioned, but the choice should be given. So give them the choice, the choice to play football with you're closest friends, the choice to go to the mall with you're cousin, the choice matters more than the activity so why should it be taken away.                                                                                                                                                                                      