Do you think that the Electoral College prosses is practical? Do you think that it is okay for someone else to vote for us? Well, I dont think that it is right, and there are some reasons I am about to tell you that may change your mind about the whole process of voteing and electing a president. Here are a few points I am going to cover in this essay about Electoral Colleges: over sixty percent of people do not agree with the electoral process, it it outdated and not accurate, also the electorers have proven to be untrustworthy in the past.

Most people dont really understand what the Electoral College is, or what it is about, so let me just inform you about it a little. The Electoral College is a process that was established in the constitution and it is a strategy that we use to elect out presidents. The citizens vote for the president, but so the the electors in the Electoral College. There are over five hundred members of the Electoral College, and if a canadate wants to win presidency, he/she has to gain 270 of the Electoral College's votes. Each person running has a set of their own electors. Many people believe that this should not be used as a way to elect a president because in the past, the Electoral Collage made Gore loose the presidental election because although he had more popular votes than Goerge Bush, he has less electoral votes. Some people argue that the Electoral College is trustworthy, but how are my fellow Americans expected to trust a group of people who have betrayed us before?

Another reason why I dont think that we should keep the Electoral College is because so many people disagree with it. Everyone has their own reason for not liking it, but sixty percent of American voters agree that we should not have it and we need to find a new system for electing presidents. Most people lost repect for the Electoral College after what happened with Bush and Gore, but many people think that it is old and outdated, and that it doesn't really make any snese to use it and that it is irrational. I'm not saying that just because a lot of people don't like something, that we should change it, I'm just explaining that if only fourty percent of the nation agrees with something, then maybe the majority should win! Some people might say that the Electoral College was put in the consitution and that we should keep using the process because we've had it for so long, but with time, things change, and just because we've used something for a long time, doesn't mean we shouldn't upgrade.

Don't you think that it is great to live in a free county where the citizens make the rules, and what is in the best interest of the people is what is taken into consideration more than what the government wants? Well, the Electoral College isn't what "we the people" want. We want to be able to choose who we elect, not another group of people. Some may argue that the electoral congress is good because if two canadates get the same amount of popular votes, the Electoral Congress acts as a tie breaker, but I'm sure that we can find a better way to break the tie than having untrustworthy people decide the fate of our homeland.

This is why I think that we should get rid of the Electoral Congress, too many people disagree with it, there are many flaws in the system and it is old and outdated. I hope that I have swayed your opinion and that you are part of the sixty percent of Americans who are hungry for change.    