There are pleny of advantages fellow citizens get for having limited car usage. Fewer people are getting there license and using cars each year anyways.

in addition, it is true that people without cars would have to go through the rain or the cold weather every time the weather looks ominous and people would have to worry about getting to school or work on time. But, Limiting or taking away cars would clear the air of smog and less people would have stress.

First, by limiting car usage you can reduce smog. "After says of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city"(Duffer, "Paris bans driving due to smog"). If all cars or vehicles were to stop being used the air would clear easily and we can all live in clear air. "The smog cleard enough Monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday"(Duffer, "Paris bans driving due to smog"). If they made like a schedule for which days cars will be banned and what days aren't, then the air we breathe will be better than ever and everyone will still be able to use there cars how they feel like.

Last, People will become less stressful when not using a car to get to places. "It's a good opportuntiy to take away stress and lower air pollution, "said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle wiht his wife"(Selsky, "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota"). Without cars theres people walking along the side walks talking, people not having to worry about saftey on the road as much, people riding bicycles and skateboarding, and just a great way to excerise just by walking outside. "The rain hasn't stopped people from participating,' said bogota Mayor Antanas Mockus"(Selsky, "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota"). The fact that people dont care about the rain makes me think that people are enjoying this car-free day and there's no reason to stop it.

In conclusion, A few days or even weeks without cars is a great idea for reducing stress and air pollution. There are even more reasons why we should have a car-free day like time conservation, emission lowerage, safety improvement, and resource conservation.    