The 1900's  was much different then it is now. For example new technology and new discoveries.  What else has changed is wether to keep the electoral college or not.  The Electoral College is a big part in our government and plays a big part in wether who will be our next president.

According to the passage"What is the Electoral College" by the Office of the Federal Register, the Electoral college is a process, not a place. This means that it is not in a certain place it is all over the United States.  The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a popular vote of qualififed citizens.  The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November.

Admittedly, I feel that we should keep the Electoral College because it will help us with the voting process.  According to the passage" The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer he states that under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president.  As a result I feel that this isnt much of an issue for us citizens because if you make the right choice then they will vote for your president.  So if you think about it there really isnt much of an issue because your president will still have your vote. The Electoral College is widely regarded as a non-democartic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner.

Proceeding further, the Electoral College is based of the electors you pick and then they decide of who becomes president by the popular vote.  When you are voting for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors.  Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee.

In conclusion, the electoral college is about voting for electors and then they become president if enough popular votes are met.  Some people like this  method and then some of the people dont.  We all have our opinion by mine is i like this method.                                 