Students these days lack extracurricular activity. Mainly kids focus on their main core classes that only serve in those seven hours of school. In my opinion I agree that the school should provide a variety of athletic and academic activities at or after school. I would highly recommend this to all schools. Not only should students be as smart as they are, but that students should have the ability to choose at least one activity that they would love to do.

Everyone expresses themselves in different ways which make them who they are. If my principal ever gave this opportunity to my school then I would be thankful. Since not only can kids be book smart but participating in an extracurricular activity gives them wonderful things to come their way. These activities the school would provide students would give them an extra activity that makes them who they are today. Students by all means deserve this so they can express themselves to other people and make an impact.

I believe every student would wish to just come home from school and lay in bed while they watch TV or play on their phone. This should not be the case although this situation happens everyday.

Instead of looking forward to watching your favorite show when you get home from school look forward to something totally different. People are getting more and more lazy and I'm sure the school could agree as well. Providing these extra activities will prevent students from being lazy which would help themselves.

When students participate in these activities it not only helps themselves but different schools and colleges look at that in your applications. You might not realize by doing these activities provided for you help you in the long run. Colleges in different states look for this and are amazed by seeing the things you do in your everyday life. Doing these sports and academic activities that you love doing can even give you a job all about the certain things you love doing everyday. For example my extracurricular activity outside of school is lacrosse which definitely made a gigantic impact on my life and I absolutely adore lacrosse and want to continue doing it in college. Which gives you an example from what you love in life brings you great things in the future.

All students schools should be able to have the chance to express themselves in any way possible. If schools make this decision all staff will get to see a hue change in the students. It is just an overall great and smart decision that schools need to make. From me agreeing with this suggestion I hope new things come our way in our everyday school life!       