Dear Principal,

I believe this decision can be looked at in more ways than one.

Sometimes school doesn't always mean having students learn in a classroom setting, rather by being, setting, or finding examples.

I think it should be a requirement to all students to take up some type of community service.

Such cooperation can educate students on subjects like character building or leadership.

It would give pupils a chance to interact with others and create a foundation that could prove to be helpful to them as a reference in future situations such as going to college or finding a job.

Besides this, most of the average teenage or high school students do not understand the possibility of there being something in the community or something in the world that is bigger than themselves.

Most students would rather stay at home and watch TV or play video games.

While this is all right by all means, students should want to get out and begin making a difference.

Community service can only help to allow them to see the bigger picture.

As someone already participating in high school sports and tutoring my peers, I think it is safe to say from my perspective that little things like this do make a huge difference in who you are as a person and as a student.

It is very important for young adults to want to take part in their community, and to want to build leadership skills.

Most people my age do not understand that they are part of something greater.

We would rather be out at the latest movie or shopping for the latest fashions.

As it is wonderful for a student to work hard during school hours and have the opportunity to treat themselves to these things, they should also recognize that some people unable to do the same, and need the help.

All in all, I think requiring the student body to participate in such activities as community service will only help them.

It will show them a bigger picture while developing leadership skills and building character around their peers.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME      