In America today many students are now doing online schooling. These students do school on their computers which requires an obtuse amount of reading. Students do their work online while often times attending video conferences. A handful of parents believe getting an education online is not giving their children what they need to get a full education. They believe there is nothing to gain from online school that you won't get from public school. But many disagree with that sentiment. Is public school really ultimately the best option for students?

Many americans currently struggle everyday with health problems. This can make things hard as resources are limited and some things might not be as accessible for some individuals. People with hypothyroidism often times have difficulty focusing. This can be especially difficult for students as a teacher may give directions and the student could easily miss them. Individuals who have hypothyroidism often times have what's nick named the thyroid stare. They space out and become unaware of their surroundings, including the teacher talking. Another symptom of hypothyroidism is confusion. Students could forget where things are and forget directions even when they hear them. With online classes, directions are often written out or replayable. One could replay directions as much as they needed to without having a teacher get frustrated with them. This makes the problems that many who suffer from hypothyroidism face much more managable.

Not only can online school benefit people with hypothyroidism but also people struggling with ADHD. ADHD can effect someones ability to focus in a classroom setting. A student may get distracted and miss the directions a teacher is giving. A student may also end up missing important announcements. People with ADHD struggle to stay silent and sit still for long periods of time. They need some form of an outlet to let the energy they build up out. Doing school work at home could give an individual with ADHD an outlet to let out energy by giving them breaks inbetween classes. A student could use the break to run outside or do a physical activity. Once they get back from taking a break they will be calmer and more focused.

Individuals who have disabilities that greatly impact their ability to move and walk could find that online schooling could make learning a lot easier for them. If a person is Immobile, getting to school every day could be a great struggle. Most parents would want to do every thing to make it easier for them; one way to do that is with online schooling. You do not have to go anywhere to do online classes as you can do them all at home. If a person is particularly sensitive and stuck in the hospital 24/7, they could have a chance to do school through online classes. They too have a right to an education.

Students with mental health problems could improve their quality of education through online schooling.

Students with anxiety often have difficulty being in social situations. Anxiety varies person to person and for some individuals it can be worse than others. Some people have anxiety so severe it renders them unable to speak. A school environment, where most other students are constantly assuming everyone they meet can speak, could cause the student a great amount of stress. Transgender people often struggle with a lot of anxiety in school day to day. Many are too anxious to use the bathrooms at schools and hold it in for the whole day. Many are often also misgendered at school every day which induces a lot of stress for trans people, however, All of this added stress can be avoided with online school. There are no students to misgender trans students or to assume students are able to speak. Transgender Students can go to the bathroom at home without being stress.

One thing that effects teenagers today the most is depression. Depression effects an abundance of students on a day to day basis. For some individuals it can come and go but for some it can last longer. Some students have it for weeks and some for even longer. The people who suffer from it the longest are chronically depressed. Depression can make someone unable to get out of bed in the morning. It can make an individual see trying to get an education as pointless and make them stop caring about their future. Being able to do school online can't fix everything for a student struggling with depression, but it can make things easier.

Online classes make it so a student struggling with depression won't have to juggle going to school with getting out of bed in the morning. They can do school work later in the day or even in bed. When they do online classes they will have a greater chance of missing less school and have easier access to making up work when they couldn't do school.

There may be people who disagree but in all honestly, almost anyone can get atleast something out of online schooling. Wether it is students struggling with mental and physical health problems or just average students. The flexibility and accessability of online schooling can make getting an education not as difficult as it needs to be. Being able to do school online should always be an option for anyone who wishes to do it.       