in the "challenge of exploring venus" the author says that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. He supports all his claims further in to the article. he says that it is one of the hottest planets even though its not directly next to the sun the pressure holds the heat in, its hot enough to melt certain metals but he says that scientists ar taking the risk because its so far the only planet that could have been just like earth in the past. he brings up some of the characteristics that venus has that earth has too and he also brings up some of the physical features that makes them think there was living life on it at some point and time in the past. Our sister planet could have been covered in many oceans and held many kinds of life. just those little two facts bring the scientists in and make them wanna learn more about it. venus has rocky sediment, mountains and craters which earth all has. in order to explore venus they would have to be very careful because how deadly and dangerous it could be they bring up a spacecraft very relative to a blimp that they would be able to use and study and explore venus from a very safe area without causing any harm to the scientists on board they would be about 30 or so miles above the surface area it would still be very hot around 170 degrees farenheight but do able because the blimps outer layer would keep the scientists from burning up or getting too hot . they are coming up with other ideas other than the blimp like spacecraft they havee also come up with the idea to send a roverthat is made out of silicon carbide that has lasted 3 weeks in venus like conditions. the scientists only want to learn more about venus mostly for its path and what it could have looked like and to make a breakthrough with some big news that venus was almost identical to the place we live on called earth. as the author says in his last paragraph "striving to explore venus has value not only because of the insight that will be gained but out of your normal human curiosity" for the last point he says " our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." which in total supports his whole statement of is venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers.