According to the passage the use of using cras less it a much saver and healthier to the air this essay is to imfomr felloe citizens about the advantages og limiting car usage. As it is stated in the passage Residents of the  upscale communtiy in german hav e given up their cars "Street parking ,drive ways and home garages are geneally forbiddean in the experimental new district". Car ownership is allowed but there are only two places that you can park ,large garages at the end of the development(2) ,car owners buy the space for $40000 alone with a home(2). Becaus of this 70 percent of the families dont own cars while 57 percent do own cars (3)."When i had a car i was always tense ,i am much happier this way " said heidrun walter . Completed in 2006 is an example of a growing trend in Europe also the United states and elsewhere to separate suburban life from auto life use  , as a componet of a movement called "smart planning (4) ". Passengers cars are responsible for 12 percent of green house gas emissions in europe ,up to 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the united states .  Past few decades efforts have been made to make cities denser and better for walking ,planners are nikw taking this concept to the suburs ,home to 5500 residents within a rectangular square mile .In this new appocah stores will be placed in a walk way  on the main streest rather then in malls alone some distant high ways .

"ALL of our developement since world war 2 have been centered on the car ,and that will have to change " (7) said david goldberg .

Paris enforced a partical ban unpon driving to clear the glabal city ,almost 4,000 drivers were fined according to Reuters  27 people had their cars impounded for their reaction fine .Because of that congestion was down 60 percent in the captail of france ,the smog rivaled beijing ,china which is known as one of the most polluted citesbin the world. Diseal fuel was blamed ,diseal makes up 67 percent of vehicles in france while 53.3 percent are diseal engines in the western europe. The smog was cleared enough on monday for french party to recined the ban for odd numbers plates on tuesday. In colombia a program was set ,leaving the streets of the capital city devoid of traffic jams ". Its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution " , day without cars is an improvenment campagin that begun in the mid 1990's .Parks ,sports centers bloomed throughout the city ,uneven pitted sidewalks hace been replaced and so on .Recent studies suggest that americans are buyiinh fewer cars etc ..which left reserches poundering 'Has americs passed peak driving"? But americans love affair with its vehicles seemse to be cooling adjusted for population growth number of miles driven peaked in 2005 than droopend after that .Many meaures  the decrease in driving preced the downturn which is persisitinbg now that recover is under way .

if this pattern persists it will be benefical impliactiins for carbon emissions and environment. With all these changes people who stopped car commutin as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit    