Dear Florida's state senator,

Everyone, whether old, young, tall, or short, have an opinion. In America, we have many amendments protecting us so we can share our opinions with whomever we want. However, the electoral college is flat out taking away our right to share our thoughts about the future leaders of the nation. The electoral college is irrational, and unfair.

The most basic reason why the electoral college is unfair to our country is because not everyone is fairly represented. For example, there are 55 representatives in California to represent 35 million voters. As you can see, it is an unfair ratio. It is impossible for the House's votes to reflect the views of the people in California. That also means that since each state only has one fianl vote, a state such as Wyoming, who has 500,000 voters, would have as much say as California, with 35 million. California has more people, and my making every state have equal representation, it is messing up representation in states like California.

In the system we have today, it is very easy to have a dealocked election. In 1968, a mere 41,971 votes would have caused a major deadlock in the election. The same thing happened again in 1976, if 5,559 votes in Ohio and 3,687 votes in Hawaii decided to vote differently. In both cases, and few thousand votes could have caused a serious disaster. History tends to repeat itself, so if the almost exact situation happened in the span of less than ten years, what makes you think it won't happen again?

The electoral college creates an unfair system to gaining votes. In 2000, 17 states, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, who are home to some of the largest media markets, didn't even get the chance to see a campaign ad. If you were a canidate, wouldn't you want your ad to be seen in the some of the largest media markets? The canidates had already thought they won those states, which is a ignorant move to make. Because of the electoral college, and the unspoken rules that have been set in place about certain states views, the canidates missed a greatly helpful opprotunity to gain more votes.

However, many might think that the electoral college is a good system because it gives a clear winner, and it makes the states have equal representation. If the people are barely being represented, and a state with less than a million voters has as much say as a state with 35 million voters, then it doesn't matter if the process gives a clear winner. The people want to have a say, not someone choosing for them.

The electoal college may have been a good idea back when it was first created, however, times are changing and the number of people being able to vote is growing day by day. The voters want to give their opinion through voting, and by having the electoral college in place, it is making voting unfair, irrational, and nearly impossible to do.

Thank you for your time.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME           