I do not think that the use of this technology on the students in the classroom is valuable I think this because we don't need technology to see how someone is feelings or to show us someone's emotions. We can tell just by looking at them that they are fine or not. Technology is used to much in the world. My question is why would we even use that technology, because later on generations won't be able to look at someone and tell their emotions.

In the story, the author gives an example of how we don't use technology to tell one's emotions. "You can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face." That example shows that we don't need technology to figure out one's emotions. Even though, its a great invention would be even use it. Its not appropriate to use in a classroom setting. A teacher using that just to see what the kids' emotions are on the lesson. The teacher could just look at them and see how they feel towards this.

The teacher would probably say that it would be useful for that technology. Some students probably wouldn't mine but others would. Students don't like to show their emotions sometimes. Then all of a sudden a teacher can just tell your emotions in a second. The students would probably feel uncomfortable, because the teacher can see how they are feeling. Feelings or emotions are meant for that certain person. That certain person can show off his/her emotions to other students around them.

Also where would you even put the emotional expression technology, because having a huge thing in the front of the classroom would be a distraction. That technology is also a distraction, because students would mess around with it when they probably aren't supposed too. Also the students would keep asking the teacher what their emotions are. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." That quote sounds like its better than a teacher, because it can read the emotions and tell when the students get bored so they can change it.

The invention would be nice, but not in a classroom settings. Its just not appropriate there. In the story, it makes you do a little motions with your face. This is demonstrating that the technology will use the muscular part of your face to determine your emotions at that current time. The technology is cool on how it works and operates, but reading the students' muscular emotions would not be right.

Towards the end of the text, they said they used it for a theatre thing. That is an appropriate place to use it, because you are supposed to show a lot of emotions there. Also they could read your emotions and help improve them because the technology told you what the emotion mostly was. The technology does reveal a lot about the science of emotions, but other places would have better use on it.

Some students like to hide their emotions from the teacher or other students. Some don't want people to know what they are feeling, because its their own business. Students wouldn't want their teachers walking up to them asking what is wrong, and the students said something like how do you know there is something wrong. Then the teacher says I used the emotional expression technology. The student would just feel awkward, because the teacher just figured out their emotions when they probably wanted to keep it to themselves. This is why the use of technology to read the emotion expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable.   