Have you ever just wondered if there could be life somewhere else from earth?

If so then how about the face that they found on mars. Many people dont agree that it's just landform that built it's self up and just happened to resembul a face. Others would disagree and say that it is just land and that shodows were the main purpose of the enitre thing that made it look like a face. Why did the face on mars not look the same in 1976 i looked like a smilly face at first.

When the picuture was taken it was taken in many different angles. That shows that there is a posability that the picture that they took at the time was in a way that made it have shadows an some sides. The camara that took it could have been faceing in the direction that the sun was shining and got some of the light make shadows on the landform.

The scientist that looked at the picture taken by Viking 1 says it was only landform shaped in different ways. Makeing it appear like something that is not really there. Garvin says that it remindes him of a lava dome around the America West it's about the same height as the face that they found on mars.

When they first took a picture of the face in 1976 it looked nothing like a face it only looked like a smily face and even that was hard to tell. After a couple of years in 1998 in looked like an oval shaped box and it was sunken in. And in 2001 is when started to shape into something over the years in changed and over more years it will change even more. After that and so on because that's just what landforms do they change but, you can't always see the same thing you sole once.

I can see why some people don't see why it could be a landform And that its actually something else it does look like a face .it could actually be a statue and not just land shaped in to something but the thing is of it was really a statue or remaines of something or someone But,then why wouldn't it looks fuler or have actuale face there would be bones. And if there was a statues then why is it only it's head you would a lest find the other parts of the statue but we haven't and that's because it only a land form shaped into something almost everyone beleives to be actuale life.

In conclution that object that was found on mars is only land built up that looks some what like a face and not a statue or remains of a living person or creature. but something that was a different landform a long time ago before it became what is know as the face on mars.