Dear Senator,

I wrote this letter to tell you we should keep the electoral college process. I know you must get hundredths of letters everyday about this,but it is a very important topic to discuss. We did it this way every since the founding fathers created it. Most people wouldnt understand that,but this is a process on witch are nation grow up on learning. Its kind of amazing that we still remeber this way,and still continue to use it. This is just one of the reasons that have yet to come.

Also,wouldnt it be diffucult to just change the system out of thin air,think about it. You also have to think about the people who disagree with changing the system. People can stop voting if they dont like the system. If nobody votes,then are country cant move fourth into the future,and if that happens the USA mint have a civil war. From a diffrent stand point it mint not be a bad thing to get a new system. This is just another reason why we shouldnt change the system of voting.

The system we have now works,so what will be the point of changing something if it is not broken. The system we have now makes sure not one man has more power than the next man or woman. Think about the improving we have done to the current system,before blacks even couldnt vote into they improved the system. Back then their were alot of errors and stuff wrong with the process into they started improving. Now,why would you want to throw all that hard work away. This is just another why another why we shouldnt get rid of the current voting system.

We even made amedements to help enchance the system,without these amedments the power will be uneven. For instance if they didnt make a amedement to stop slavery then,blacks wouldnt even be able to vote. How bout they didnt make a amendment to give girls the right to vote then the power will still be shifted. You also cant forget how many people fought to make the power equal. If the power is shifted in the tighest a civil war can break out,and ruin what we worked so hard to protect. This was the last reason why we shouldnt chang the system.

All in all my letter was about how we shouldnt change the current system we have now. If we do all that hard work will go to waste. We spent so many years perfecting the system. Many people have fought to keep power in check bewteen people. If we made a new system it mint be worse then the system we have. That is why we shouldnt change the system.

sincerly,

PROPER_NAME   