The electoral college has been around for as long as our nation has reined over this land. I fervently believe we should keep the electoral college as it is. We, as people, are not ready for the responability of choosing our next leader directly viva popular vote. Some of us might be ready for this responability now, but the magority of America cannot handel this responibity. The majority has stared riots over lost football games, acknolaged said riots and justifyed them then turn around and see a riot about a kid being shot 6 times by an officer and send in swat teams and start throwing smoke bombs. Because of these actions and the many like it, I whole-heartedly believe if we leave the responability to chose our president in the magority vote that this country will become more unstable than it already it because, most people already do not vote, some are biast, and some dont follow the consititution when they vote.

To begin with, letting the majority vote on our new president would have potential if the whole of the country voted, but alas only a small essence of the country votes for our future leaders. Most people are too busy, or lazy, or just dont want to take part in voting becuse of all of the conficting ads placed on television. One of the most atrocious of these ads was the one from mitt romney when he was in the race against President Obama. They put these ads on a chanel designated for familys to veiw, along with children. These ads inculded vivid pictures of aborted fetus, saying this is what would happen if we voted for obama. I've only saw that ad once, but once was more than enough to make me side with Obama more than I already was. If our president is prepared to threten the country like that then they should not be eligable to even run, let alone become President, and it was horendus to think of all of the children watching at the time to have to see that. Most Americans who are eligable to vote have full-time jobs, full-time school, or are busy in some other aspects of life. These people do not have the time to vote for our president becuase they are working at the time, most work one or two jobs at the least, leaving little time for social graces and time alone, let alone time to vote. One other reason citizens dont vote is just hte sheer fact that they are lazy. A good precetage of Americans just do not care about who our president is or who runs for office, thus not voting out of sheer laziness.

Furthermore, letting the majority vote rule who is our president would have potential if the majority of America was not biased in who they vote for. Almost all Americans have voted baised on their beliefs, or who is running for president. These are the people who voted agaoinst obama becuase of his ethnic background, or what he looked like. This should not go against who we vote for, or who leads us, as long as they are non-biased in what they stand for and have the good of the people in their minds, then they should be eligable, or even voted, as a canidate/president/offical.

To continue, letting the majority vote on our new president would have potential if the majority of Americans followed the consititution when voting. The majority does not follow the consitiution when voting for our new president, thus inducing an unfair campaine and an biased leader. The consitiution clearly states the Church and State are to be seperated, yet many Americans vote baised on the beliefs of their Church on matters of the State. The latest case of this happening was for the ban on gay marrige. Most voters voted in favor of the ban due a passage in the bible that stated that man shall not lay with another man as he lays with a woman, even though there is a homosexual couple in the bible, mathew/mathius something. The story aout a man named Dave and another named John, if i remember correctly, one of them said "your love exceeds that of a woman" or something close to that. There are a number of testiments that say not to judge others or to love everyone, but most focus on the one against those. Baising your vote on spiritual beliefs does not help anyone and is unfair towards those whos lifes you are negativly affecting. We should all think logically when voting for our leaders, and ask questions like 'who will this affect' 'how will this improve apon the lifes of my fellow Americans' 'will this improve our dilapitiating economy and crippling structe of the government' along with other questions that relate to how this canidate will improve apon the country as a whole.

All in all, I believe that the electoral college should stay in affect untill America, as a whole, grows up, becuase most dont vote, some who vote are biased, and some dont follow the consitiution when voting. We should not have to write papers on why we shouldnt let the people of America vote directly for our leader, nor should we have to have our rights taken away from those who use their religous prectices as an excuse to hate someone. We, the people, should all live together in this country, equaly, as one, not letting our beliefs negativly affect the lives of others. We should be able to practice what we want, when we want, without having to be fearful that others might punish us baised on what they practice. We, the people, need to grow up before we are allowed to vote directly for our new leaders. And that is why i beileve that the electoral college should stay in effect.    