I  belive that my state senator should remove the electoral colleges. To change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States. For the fact that voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors. Who can always defy the will of the people. It should also be removed because its simply unfair to the voters. There votes may or may not be counted or may vote for the wrong person or oppsite party. Also the problem comes up that the candidates do no go to there state thus never seeing them.

To began with I belive we should remove the Electoral Colleges. For the reson that voter are not voteing but for a slate of electors. Who then elect the president, for example "if you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for John Kerry. You'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry."(qoute form source 2) Those 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry may not win the statewide election. The voters also are not always able to control who there electors vote for. "Legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." (qoute form source 2). So there a chance they may change there mind and the president they wished to win may not win because the legislatures do not have to vote in there favor. In some case seventeen states didn't even see the candidates at all. Some states including Rhode Island and South Carolina, "and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." Also another reason why we should remove the Electoral Colleges is for the reason that voters may become confuse and vote for the wrong person.

Futhermore we should remove the Electors Colleges, because its unfair to the voters. For example the winner takes all system in each state. Candidates don't spend times in the states they know they have no chance winning. "It can be argued that the Electoral college method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state." (qoute from source 3). But then what happens to the people in that wants to vote for them but can't because there votes go toward a slate of electors that votes for the other party. They focus on the swing states mostly. For Instance a Presidential race that happen were the electoral votes caused a certain party to win was. In 2000 U.S. presidential race, Al Hore received more in dividual votes than George W. Bush nationwide, but Bush won the election, receiving 271 electoral votes to Gore's 266. The electoral votes need to be removed because it causes problems in elections which makes any side able to win even though they don't have more individual votes. Another example is "Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast on him." (qoute from sorce 3) .  Study shows that 60% of voters would prefer a direct election rather then what they have now.

On the other hand having the electoral votes may not be such a bad thing. The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. The Electoral College also restore some of the weight in the political balance that large states. If you elect a good representive that you belive, and trust that will vote to your liking. Someone that would not turn his back on the will of the people then it would not be that bad. The process they go throught maybe difficult and hard to understand. So it could be a good thing they take the hard work off our backs and do it for us to save us the time and hardwork. The Electoral Colleges requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal rather then a single region appeal.

To conclude I belive that my state senator should remove the electoral colleges. To change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States. For the fact that voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors. Who can always defy the will of the people. It should also be removed because its simply unfair to the voters. There votes may or may not be counted or may vote for the wrong person or oppsite party. The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational.    