A planet that has enough heat and pressure to melt most metals and crush any submarine may not sound like an ideal location to visit, but scientists at NASA are determined on researching it because even though it has horribly immense climate, it may be the closest planet in our solar system to Earth. The article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author speaks of how scientists strongly believe that learning more about Venus can lead to answers about the creation of Earth. It is an extremely difficult task to accomplish, as most rovers NASA has sent there have not lasted more than a mere few hours. In order to research the planet in depth, NASA would need to send living humans to Venus, however, this will be rediculously challenging and even more so dangerous. Even though it is dangerous, the author makes a valid point, NASA should be determined to research Venus since the discoveries made there can possibly give insight on what Earth may become.

Venus may have one of the harshest climates in our solar system, with an average temperature of 800 degrees Farenheit, and an atmospheric pressure 90 times greater than Earth's. Despite these major differences, it is also believed to be the closest to Earth by means of geological similarity. As stated in the article, scientists believe that Venus was most likely covered with oceans and quite possibly could have even hosted life. This idea is gathered from the similarities in structures between Earth and that volcano of a planet, like valleys, mountains, and an atmosphere. All of these facts are provide the possibility of being able to make human contact on Venus. Not only would that allow scientist to further research what Earth may become, but if humans are able to reside on another planet, it would greatly help rid overcrowding and Venus may be a future inhabitable location for humans.

Obviously, the idea of sending humans to Venus far excedes our current technology, but traveling to that planet may be the future of humanity. The author states that the value of returning to Venus is indesputable, yet horribly dangerous. Danger should not put off scientists into further discovering that planet, but rather it should encourage them to work even harder in order to someday provide a safe passage between Earth and Venus. This would be beneficial to human society, because it could potentially help rid future problems of overpopulation and even provide insight on what Earth may become. This all leads to concluding that the author made a most valid statement and provides evidence that provides wonderful reasoning as to why scientists should explore Venus and the benefits the exploration would provide.    