Dear Principal, community service is a great way to interact with the community and let them know that the school cares about their community as well. I know us children tend to be lazy at times, but we should be more active in community service and these are the reasons why.

One reason students like I and others should be required to perform community service is because right now in this economy its very hard for people to make ends meet for their family and themselves. People are becoming homeless, going days without eating, nearly starving, wearing the same clothes everyday and they cant do nothing about it because there are no jobs that they can take. People are being laid-off from their jobs which are leading to those events. If we have community service we will be able to make sure they don't go to bed with their bellies empty, we could make sure that they have a roof over their heads at night, and give them clean clothes to keep. This can really touch peoples hearts and if you were in the same position you would want somebody to do the same thing.

Another reason students like I and others should be required to perform community service is because we need to clean up our community. Its like now of day people just litter and like nothing happened. In my mind i want to scream out " do you know you are killing the earth"?. So it would be a good thing to clean up our neighborhood because we live here too, along we the people who litter. People also Vandalize property out on the street that don't belong to them. We should go around cleaning up walls with spray paint remover because nobody wants to walk around and see that. It remind you that you can even have nothing without it getting messed up and at times make u feel unsafe.

People really don't care about community service because they feel like it really doesn't effect them, but at the end of the day it does, you line in the same community where you have to live as well, so you might as well take care of it too. It can leave memorable moments in someone slife