The principal has decided that every student must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. For example, a student could participate in sports, work in the yearbook committee, or serve on the student council. This decision should be slightly changed so that it only applies to the students who do not participate in an extracurricular activity of any kind. After all, extracurricular activities are beneficial to students because they perform better in the classroom as a result, colleges look favorably upon students who participate in extracurricular activities, and these activities improve the health of teenagers.

It is a well-established fact that students who participate in more activities than just classes which are already in the school curriculum do better in the classroom. They are capable of thinking more creatively about certain questions, are more comfortable and as a result better when giving presentations in front of the class, and cna even perform better in Physical Education. Extracurricular activities, while not solely responsible for this, are a large factor that affects how a student performs in the classroom. For example, Model United Nations is one activity which teaches students about various useful skills, like public speaking. Students stand up in front of the entire class giving a speech, sometimes off the top of their head, on a certain problem affecting the intense world today. Model UN is not only a useful educational tool, however, as it is also capable of helping students think about the world with a new perspective. Many topics given are about finding better solutions to certain issues prevalent in today's world. Students come out of this club brimming with new ideas, self-confidence, and a will to learn. Sports are another activity beneficial to students. They learn skills such as teamwork, cooperation, and even get better sleep at night. One example of this is soccer, which teaches students about endurance and teamwork, all while helping them exercise. These student athletes are able to perform better in the classroom as well as in P.E. because of their athletic capabilities.

College is a big part of life not just in the United States, but all over the world. By going to college, one can get a better education and in turn, a better job. However, just getting good grades in school is not enough for many of the top colleges around the world. Students also need a hook that make them stand out from the others in the eyes of the university. In fact, some colleges have given out scholarships to students for extracurricular activities. For example, playing a musical instrument, like the piano. Not only does this help with how a student does in the classroom, but colleges also look for students with musical talents and even partner with music schools for this purpose. In this way, not only can students attend a college, but they can also attend the music school that comes with it and pursue their musical education as well.

Physical and mental health are a major concern revolving around students. Obesity and depression can both be linked to overworking students and not giving them enough time to go do something else. This is why schools need extracurricular activities. Sports and music are both helpful in this way. At a young age, many children are encouraged to go outside and participate in their local sports team by their parents. The parents do this so the children can get exercise and grow up leading a healthier lifestyle which combines academics and physical activity. Team sports, like soccer, football, or basketball, also teach students about teamwork and build up their self-confidence, which benefits their mental health as well. Team members meet each other just about every week, and over time, this relationship builds into a friendship. Individuals can feel that they belong in the team and treat almost like a second family. This sense of belonging benefits their mental health, which in turn benefits their performance in the classroom, which benefits their life overall.

Extracurricular activities benefit students in their performance in the classroom, attainability of higher education, and physical and mental health. However, the specific decision of the principal should be changed as students may already participate in extracurricular activities not provided by the school. For example, one may take piano lessons with a private teacher, or play on a travel soccer team with no association to the school. By forcing these students to have to pick up another extracurricular activity that is provided by the school, they may become overwhelmed with trying to manage their busy schedules. Then, all of the positive attributes of physical activities fall apart. This reason is why the decision of the principal should be changed so that only students who do not participate in any extracurricular activity of any kind will be required to take one. Otherwise, there will be drawbacks to the principal's otherwise good intentions.

In conclusion, the decision of the principal, while beneficial to the students, shouild be slightly changed so that students who already partcipate in an extracurricular activity outside of school will not be required to take one provided by the school. Extracurricular activities are beneficial to students because they improve performance in the classroom, help them pursue higher education, and improve their physical and mental health overall. Students should be given every opportunity to succeed, but requiring every student to participate in a school-based extracurricular activity would not be fair to the students who do so outside of school. They may experience certain drawbacks as a result of the tremendous workload forced upon them, and this may also lead to weakened mental health. For this reason, the principal's decision should be changed such that it only applies to students who do not partcipate in extracurricular activites of any kind.