I believe that a B average would be a good thing to bring into sports. why i think this would be good is because for the kids who love to play sports it will give them a harder drive to make good grades and do good in school. Then again some of the teams best players may not be able to make a B average. this will make teams much small and sports not near as exciting or fun for the spectators who watch these games. very many parents my not be happy about their child not being able to play on a team, but school should be more important to these parents who's kids are not achieving a B average.

The main reason why i think students should have to have a B average before being able to play sports is that school is the most important thing in someone's life. Even if some kids are not making that B if they love e the sport they play enough they will make that b average no matter what. This will make students strive harder in school but also in sports because they know that they are right on the edge of a C average that will also make the strive harder in whatever sport you may play.

On the other hand their will be many mad students and parents because that student is not able to play the sport that he or she may love. and also the coaches may get mad too because one of his or her best plays may not be making the grades that he or she needs to make to play this sport. This would probably only happen for a couple of years or sport seasons but after awhile everything would be back to normal and it would be just like anything else in the world and people would begin to grow to the B average rule that the principle has.

I think in the end that this would be a good thing because it would make students want to try harder in school if they really like a sport and wanted to bring their grade up to be able to play this sport. Then again i think every school should have to have this rule because it would be unfair to one team if the other team did not have the players they wanted because of this rule. I think you could take this rule and put it into school systems and see improvement all over the state then maybe all over the country. So yes i think that even though it would cause a lot of trouble it would be a good thing to raise grades all over the country.