Driverless cars are no longer just a facination of the human mind. In todays world, more and more people are funding and creating automomous vehicles. The advancements in technology and human understanding have come together to soon bring us the driverless car. The idea of a car without human assistance is ghostly, yet very interesting. I believe that human driven cars will soon be a thing of the past, and that the development of these new vehicles will be the new normal.

Vehicles without human drivers is the next big thing in society. Already, automakers have created cars that need human assistance when in dangerous situations. These vehicles will provide saftey, comfort, and cleanliness to a world that needs it. Everyone's main goal is to stay safe when they are on the road. With these new vehicles, no one will have to worry about all of the dangers presented today. The cars will brake, accelerate and drive wherever the driver desires. Without all of the stress of long trips, people will be able to rest and be alert for whatever is thrown their way. No one will have to intervene unless absolutely necessary. Many car companies and other organizations have decided to fund a driverless car. I beieve that it is the right thing to do, and that all will benefit from the experience. At some point, many will realize that computers are smarter than humans in many ways. Even though many think that the computers will have internal failure and create issues, I do not think that is the case. Companies involved in this new technology will test the product far before the release of any of their final product. The last thing they want is to have a disaster of driverless car failure. The fact that people support these ideas rather than oppose them shows that the majority of the population will want these vehicles on the street. The advancements that are currently being made and the support of the public make a point. Completely driverless cars will be here soon, and it is only a matter of time before everyone is introduced.

Autonomous cars are soon to be here, and soon everyone will recognize the new technology rolling around the streets. The acknowlegement of this accomplishment is astounding to all that try to understand it. This is the new normal, and it is sure to go on for years to come. Everyone will want to see a car that no one has to drive. This is how far technology and understanding has gotten people. Never in anyone's wildest dreams did they think of a car without a human behind the wheel. Now, people do not have to try to believe it. They are going to have to accept and understand that it is happening.           