Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend class from home by way of online or video conferencing. Doing so, it would make it more easier on the schools behave because then they do not have to worry about the transportation. Also the schools will not have to worry about anything could going wrong while trying to pick up the student. Others may say that students that live in far distance may have a better chance at doing it and also would probably have a better pathway for the rest of there school years. Although some may believe that " students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home", it should be known that students would not benefit from attending classes at home because of many great reasoning.

Students would not benefit more from being able to attending classes from home because the would not have Hands On Learning. By the students getting hands on learning they would have a way better chance if understanding and remembering what they have learn threw out the whole day. Students would not also benefit from being able to attending classes from home because the students not getting commutation. If the student do not know how to do something they would depend on the teacher help to see it visually and get it broken down to them step by step hence the video call can do the same but do the student really understand it on video or understand it more in person because the teacher can get know the student and understand there problems and then figure out a way to make it more better for the student the are teaching. Students would also not benefit more from being able to attending classes from home because by the student receiving a more educational resource. Education Resource consist: field trips, experiments, and group effort which the individual will not receive if they are taking a distance learning. Additionally, Distance learning would take all the fun and all the other benefits the students would want to receive for example: clubs, sports, and extra help on the class they need help on.

Others may still say that some students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because its better for the students needs. Some students doesn't even probably are more comfortable being in a public environment anyways so they find it best to stay home. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because the students could gain success off of it doing their talent in their own shape, way, and form without any judgment from anybody. The student would gain more success from it by it being done at there own pace and by it being done at there own pace they can be able to have a better chance at remember everything they need to know by there future. Students would also benefit from attending class from being able to attend classes from home because there would be any drama. The student that have to do the online classes would have avoid or be in trouble at all through how long the choice to take the online classes from home. Additionally, Distance learning in this category would take all the problems away for people that does not want nor need it.

Even though some may believe that "students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home", it should be known that student would not benefit from attending classes at home. Therefore the students should not be able to attend classes from home because student would take it seriously and probably stop doing it during the year. Some student should also not do the attend classes from home because will need the hands on learning and the after school time to do the make up that they had deciede to leave undone. Student should also not also take the online offer because of the fact that they are going to need the commucation. Some students would probably also need the visual learning and will need a teacher to talk to the while the try to do it, the step by step process. In conclusion is not for every student in learning purpose.