Dear State Senator,

Today I would like to point out why we should keep with the program Electoral College. "

In the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qulified citizens ," as stated in the articel

What is the Electoral College? by The Office of Federal Register . Which makes the Electoral a great part of doing the highst or popular vote of President. Not only that but"

each candidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors.

" which helps them amd still be equal enough to the other runing President. In the article

The Indefensible Electoral Colloege: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong it says in the bottem of the fist paragraph "

This year voters can expect another close election in which popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. And yet, the electoral college still has its defenders.

" which is saying that most Americans prefre to have this electoral college for popular votes.

Reading in the article

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President they point out the "

when you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors....but each part selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the part's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)

" to repeat that trust is rarely betrayed so that means the Electoral College is something you can count on. "

The Electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution...

" balancing the large states will help more knowing that Electoral College is to do the job. The Electoral College help avoid run off- elections in the same article it explains an example of what will happen if Electoral College is no there. "

Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College...there is pressure for run-off elections when no canidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is recued by the Electoral College,...

"

Keeping the system Electoral College is a great system that needs to stay. State Senator it would be caotic if the system didnt exist. Keeping the system have and still will solve some of outr voting problems.    