The topic of keeping or changing the Electoral College has beeen around for quite some time. Some may argue that it is an unfair way to vote for presidency, although some may think otherwise. The Electoral College provides different opportunities for other political members as well by the common people. In this voting method you are able to trust each member running, they are for people who wants to express himslef politically, and that in balances political weight throughout.

The Electoral College requires candidates that are trustworthy not only to others but to everyone. It was said in an excerpt from

Slate Magazine that ,"... each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee..." This basicaly means that we get to choose which candidate that we can trust with more big political problems.  This shows that we will be heard through these electors that we know we can trust. Although it different cases, this might become a democratic problem from we are not able to speak personally, atleast we know how they will manage and work the elections properly.

Different people have different perspectives on several things,especially when it comes to politics. Political places need the different views of other people to be able to make a non biased decision. They want to see how others feel and think about different situations. By keeping the Electoral College, we will be able to express our different political references. In the

"In Defense of the Electoral College", it was stated that "Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political reference...". In defense to the Electoral College, people who were to vote are the same people who wants to express how they feel about one thing. The people who vote might feel so strongly about political situation than others. As stated in paragraph fifteen that this may become a problem for it is not a democratic way. Although I argue so. The people living in the country or city has the equal amount of chance to be heared and be represented by talented, intelligent,and trustworthy people.

The process of the Electoral College provides an even political balance throughout a nation, or so it stated by Posner. By cponducting the process of the Electoral College, it will create a more homogeneous region throughout the country. We will get the same equal rights and chances as well as people across the nation. Political balance is hard to keep withing a big state, although large states can be simmered down with Electoral College. It does not only do that for large states, but it also help the even smaller states.

Electoral College has been an efiicient way that has been around for years to select reperesentatives in each state that may have a bigger chance in politics in the future. As the people of one country, we are able to get our voices heard throughtout the world. The Electoral College contains people who you are able to trust, the people who can express their political views very clearly, and that it provides political balance throughout.                                    