Should new technology be shut down before it has a chance to prove itself? Then the driverless cars should be developed and permited for use on public roads. As common technology improves and computers get smarter, sensors get more accurate, and technology becomes more reliable, the driverless cars stand more of a chance against the roads of today. BMW already has a driving assistant that can drive at low speeds like in traffic jams. However, most cars are never completely driverless and still require a skilled driver to take over when the going gets tough. But soon enough will they be ready to use anytime, anywhere.

The current technology, used to make driverless cars a possibility, is good enough for easy going roads and still rely on a driver to take overat times. In the passage it states, "Further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own". This points out that as time goes by and things move along in sensors for safety, things in the driverless catagory are getting more accurate to prevent mishaps. Driverless cars are also helped out by the fact that they can get to the point of being able to drive far more accuratly that any human driver, but it may take some time for technology to reach this level of accuracy.

Semi-driverless cars are a thing that can just be in the backround to aid drivers in situations and provide them with a way to get away from the stress of traffic, making them better drivers. In the passage it states, "In 2013, BMW announced the development of 'Traffic Jam Assistant.' The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph". This show that some car big car makers are transitioning to driverless or semi-driverless cars very soon. Large automakers like BMW have a huge reputation that they need to live up to. They wouldn't risk that on something that could cause many issues later on.

Most lawmakers are against the use of driverless cars on public roads because of a safety concerns, but the developers have said that anything that exists today are still not entirely drivereless and cannot handle most things that apear in driving. In the passage is says, "...but so far, Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues". This means that things are not perfect and still require a driver behind the wheel. If everything worked perfect, the driverless cars would be the best drivers on the roads today due to their inceaced accuracy and speed at which they can make decisions.

Driverless cars should be allowed to operate on public roadways. The technology behind them, once perfected, will provide the safest cars avaliable today by avoiding the crashes. Times change and the laws should be changed to follow time and the new technology that follows. Even though the newest technology isn't the best right now, it should be given time to grow and mature into the technology of tomorow to provide the safest driving experience.