Technology advances every day making human life a lot easier. All technology is meant to make human life easier. Driverless cars is a technology that has been around for several years and that keeps improving with every year. this will bring them to the market very soon. Driverless cars would be a good idea because they would provide more safety as technology keeps improving, they would make a lot easier for a human to drive and driving would also be more enjoyable and more entertaining.

One of the reasons driverless cars would be a good idea is for safety, safety is a big and important concern when it comes to driving. Manufacturers are working every year to make these cars more independent and safe to drive. Improvements in these cars include sensor improvement, computer hardware and software to make the care saftier and more independent. As technology keeps growing these cars are being equipped with all these new sensors, cameras, and computers that improve the car's system and ability to drive independently.

Another reason driverless cars would be a good idea is because as all technologies it would make human's life easier in a certain way in this case driving. A person driving a driverless car would have the advantage of doing other activites while driving. Activites like texting, look around an unknown place while driving and other type of activites would be possible with this technology.

Another reason these cars would be a good idea is for in-car entertaining. Drivers would get bored waiting to get to their location and manufacturers know that and because of that they are thinking about including in-car entertainment. Imagine going from one state to another, sitting back watching TV while your car does the hard work for you or try to video call a family member and show them the city you live in. All these things and more could be possible if driverless cars come to the market.

Driving a car can be very difficult sometimes with all the traffic, getting a phone call, not seeing a pedestrian and many other things that a driver has to be aware of when driving. As technology keeps improving these cars keep improving as well. These driverless cars could make driving easier for humans, more enjoyable and more safe and they could also change the world and the way we live by providing us with all these advantages that are not available at the moment. Manufacturers should keep improving these cars and the states should change the law and make the driving of these cars legal.      