Dear Principal,

I believe your second policy on cell phones is the best choice. From being a student and experiencing what students do, your second policy is the right choice. I think that if you allow students to use cell phones during free times, they will abuse this rule and sneak their phones to class. My second reason is that students must pay attention to their school work, rather than their friends. Finally, my last reason is that students will get into trouble being allowed to use them in school. From being a student in school for many years, I know that your second policy is the better choice because kids my abuse the rules, won't be concentrating on their work, and they will get in trouble.

If students are allowed the use of cell phones during free time only, most would abuse this policy. During lunch or free time, children will have conversations on their phones with their friends. After lunch, these students will still be in a conversation and will continue it. Students will be sneaking their phones into classes just to finish talking to their friends. This policy will be abused by these kids and more and more kids will have phones in class than intended.

Banning phones in school is the right choice because school is a place of learning. If students do use their cell phones, they will not be paying attention to the teacher or what they need to know. Without the second policy, students' grades will drop lower and lower because they are not learning what they need to. This is just one more reason why the only way to go is to ban phones in schools at all times.

If cell phones are allowed in school, there is a chance that children will get into trouble. Many stories have been heard on the news about teenagers getting hurt from cell phone use. If students are allowed to use cell phones, who's to say they will always use them properly. Phones should be modified by parents so that their children are safe. The second policy is the only choice because it will prevent the dangers of phone use from happening.

As a current student in middle school, I have learned how children use cell phones. If you are reconsidering the cell phone policy, I believe the second one is the only way to go. Children in this school may sneak their cell phones into class without the teacher ever knowing if they are not banned. This will also lead to students doing poorly in class because they won't be paying attention to the teacher. Also, the use of cell phones in a wrong way can cause a student to get hurt. Overall, I believe your second policy to ban cell phones in class is the best choice because after being a student in school, I know what will happen if they are allowed in school.