I think that they should do voting by the popular vote because it should be what the people feel most comfortable choosing and they shouldnt have the electoral college. It can be argued that the electoral  college method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. Democrats in texas for example or republicans in california knowing their vote will have no effect they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign that they would have if the president were picked by popular but of course no voters vote swings a national election and in spite of that about one half the elgible american population did vote in 2012 election. Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.

A dispute over the outcome of an electoral college vote is possible it happened in 2000 but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote the reason is that the winning candidates share of the electoral college invairably exceeds his share of the popular vote in 2012's election for example Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney .  . . . because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner take all basis even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral vote victory in that state A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes 538 is an even number but it is higly unlikely .....

I think those two paragraphs from this passage explains why i would like for people to just do popular voting because it makes the people comfortable and who they feel will make a america as best as it can be. That person who is being elected should feel proud and make america safe is what i stronlgy agree and i think others should to because it is a great choice. The elctoral college consist of the selection of the electors the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president and the counting of the electoral votes by congress and i feel like thats a little too much when people can just vote instead of getting someone as a president who their not comfortable with or familiar with and dont know anything about the person so everyone just vote by the people for the people.    