In a lot of schools, students usually have to complete a summer project to continue learning over break. Most of the time, students have to read a certain, designated book and do a handout with it. These summer projects should be student-designed because it can be more enjoyable and creative. Nobody looks forward to wasting their summer working on a school project when the whole point of break is to get away from school and work.

Having students design their own on project makes their minds more creative. It gives them the opportunity to think of cool ideas and to build off of them. Students will be more motivated to do the project if they get to choose the layout of it and design it all by themselves. When teachers give young adults the chance to do their own project, it makes every bodies project more diverse so a lot of people will not have the same ideas or layouts. Student-designed projects give young people more freedom and opens their minds up to the world of new ideas.

Likewise, after having to go to school and doing work on a day-to-day basis, for about ten months, is exhausting. Once students finally get out of school, they feel freedom. Having a whole two and a half to three months of no school, no waking up early, and no assignments, is one of the best feelings ever. The whole point in having a break is to get out and away from school; where all people ever do is work and learn; and getting to relax. Having to complete a teacher-designed project at the end of a break just does not sound exciting or even remotely fun. Some teachers will give an assignment to the class and make it boring and difficult, to the point where students just push it aside until last minute. Every student learns differently. Some will need a more organized and basic project and others may like to create their own and have fun it. Allowing students to design their own projects is reasonable because it can reach a certain learning level that a specific student may need and at their own pace.

Additionally, teachers may disagree with these statements because they want projects that are easier to grade and go over. If a teacher is receiving over one hundred summer projects that were student-designed, he or she may feel overwhelmed and it may take a longer time to grade. All teachers teach differently, just like all students learn differently, so having teacher-designed projects for over the summer can be a simpler task for the teacher. Although teachers want students to learn over break by doing projects, I am sure they want a break too from grading papers and assignments or being flooded with them once school starts back up again.

The end of each school year is the most exciting time for a lot students and teachers because it is finally break time. Having students continue to learn and refresh their memory over the summer should be a student-designed project so they have the chance to thinks of new ideas and be creative, while also completing the given task. Most students learn differently in many diverse ways, so having the option for a student to design their own projects with certain requirements, makes it a lot more motivational for the students and to open their minds to greater extents. 