Would students benefit from being able to attend classes from home?

The American Education System has grown a lot since it was originally curated. While I do believe there have been positives to have come from today's educational system, I also believe there are improvements that can be made. One important improvement would be the ability to attend classes online. I believe students would benefit very well from attending classes from home, due to the style of today's stress-inducing form of schooling.

First of all, this would be very beneficial because attending classes from home would help relieve stress from students with social anxieties or anxieties involving the typical school format. The stress levels of students has grown exponentially in the passed couple of decades, and I've seen it first hand. Students are growing more and more anxious as the expectations to get good grades, get into a good school, and follow a career in STEM become higher. How are we to expect our students handle these sort of worries while also trying to balance a social life? My younger sister has aspired to be many things; including a doctor, a biologist, and even a detective. But do to her hyper-thyroidism she has been held back by her medical testings and re-diagnosis' during the school year. This has caused an immense amount of stress and anxiety--but after many meetings and emails between my parents and the school, she was accommodated with home bound. Home bound is a form of at-home schooling that allows her to take some classes from home and work with teachers outside of school hours in order to help her get caught up.

Second of all, attending classes from home would allow for more flexibility when it comes to the scheduling of classes, and potentially assignment deadlines. If a student struggles to balance school, extra-curricular activities, and a job, they would probably find online classes to be very beneficial. When taking classes online, students are usually allowed for more freedom and flexibility. They can sleep in until noon, and then work on a class in the evening. Or if they work to help support their family, they can get up early, get their school work done, and work a job in the afternoon. Most online classes are scheduled similarly to college courses, and will allow students to plan when during the week they wish to take certain classes. My younger sister, who I spoke of earlier, has found this to be very beneficial, and something she will miss once she can fully reimmerse herself into a regular school schedule.

Lastly, attending classes from home would allow for more involvement of the parent in the students education. Some parents do not get a full scope of what is going on in a students school day, and it can sometimes be hard for kids to communicate this to their parents. Some parents tend to job the gun when they take a look at their grades and are seeing their kid isn't doing too well, but what they aren't always considering is the other factors that go into it. A students grade could be reflective of not only their work ethic and focus, but how well a teacher is teaching them, and the sort relationships between other kids in the class. If a parent is able to be present when a student is working on their courses, they would be able to get a full scope of how their student learns. Not only that, but the student would have less distractions from other kids, and hopefully be able to avoid some of the flaws of an individual teachers style of teaching.

Now while I do believe others would combat my claim with statements such as, "today's educational system has done amazing and has left many students with successful careers in medicine and engineering". But to that I would say; there have also been many successful people in history such as scientist, Albert Einstein and entrepreneur, Gary Vee, who either dropped out of high school or didn't find themselves doing so great until university. That is why I believe students would benefit very well from attending classes from home, to help relieve the stress of today's school system. 