When asking for advice it is beneficial to ask multiple people. Each person is different and can have different opinions and view points. When you get multiple opinions you get a variety of different answers and ideas that you can use. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better decision because all people have different backgrounds, different experiences, and can provide new ways to think about something.

The first reason asking for advice from multiple people is important is because all people have different backgrounds. Many people grew up different ways, in different places, and with different people around them. This can impact the way people think about things. According to a study, 90% of people who grew up in poverty know how important getting a job and being able to provide for others is. They know the importance of this because they grew up without it. For example when I was at a beach and I was debating whether or not I should use my money on ice cream or a sand bucket so I went around asking people what I should purchase. I went up to a man who was not from America and asked him what I should get and he said that since he didnt have ice cream in his home country, I should get that. The man didnt have ice cream in his country so his background influenced his decision to tell me what i should get.

A second reason it is important to get advice from multiple people is because all people have experienced different things in their lives. Everyone's experiences are different even if they did the same thing. This can influence what they tell you. A study has shown that people who have had fun doing something are more likely to give positive advice, and those who have not had a good experience are more likely to give negative advice. When someone has had not good experiences with something will probably not recommend you do that same thing where as if someone has had a good time doing something they might recommend it. For example when a friend of mine was preparing to go on vacation to Florida, he was wondering if he should take a plane or drive. Many people he asked said that when they had been on planes they were not pleased with the comfort ability of them and that he should drive. Others said that in their experiences of being on a plane where quite enjoyable and that driving would be very long and boring. Each person has a different experience and has different advice to give you.

The final way seeking multiple opinions is beneficial to making a good decision is that others can provide new ways to think about something. Each person interprets everything you say differently and think about things differently. for example I was wondering if I should start writing an essay now or wait a little bit and brain storm. I asked my mom and dad what I should do and my mom said that I should think and do a little bit of it now, then later go back check it and do a little bit more. I didn't even think of doing that and it goes to show that asking multiple people can provide new ideas and ways of thinking. According to a philosopher if man gets caught up with work and close his mind to other ways of going about it, he will need someone else to open it for him. this explains that different opinions can help one open their mind to different things and make better decisions getting advice from multiple people is beneficial because all people have different backgrounds, different experiences, and have different ways to think about things. Multiple opinions help you make a better choice because you can see what other people think about a certain thing. Getting multiple opinion can also help you a chance to think of something in a way that you didnt think about. If you ever need advice in the future, ask multiple people about it and make your decision from there.