Dear Florida senator, we should keep the Electoral College. The Electoral College has been around for decades, produced by the founding fathers, it was made as a compromise between the two different ways the president should be elected. One way being by a slate of senators, and another by simply popular vote. It was made so that citizens could still have their vote, but more politically advanced senators could make a decision. The Electoral College is not only more efficiant but it lets the citizens keep their votes as well. I favor the Electoral College instead of popular vote because it helps avoid run-off elections, it uses the winner-takes-all method, and gives equal oppourtunity to smaller states.

Run-off elections, as known as, the gigantic issue with a popular vote election system. In 1968, Nixon, and in 1992, Clinton, both only had about 43 percent of the popular votes which was not enough. This is a problem because it complicates the presidential electon process. This is where the Electoral College comes in hand; the outcome of the votes becomes very clear this way. Instead of dealing with tricky numbers and percentages, the electoral college uses the "winner-takes-all" method. The winner-takes-all method is as literal as it sounds; the winner takes all. For example if someone was running for president and they got 301 votes and 370 electoral college votes, they would win (you only need a majority of 270 votes to be elected.

Lastly, using the Electoral College benefits smaller states. Think of this, you live in Maine, or Hawaii, or somewhere with a smaller population than Florida or California- your state would not have really that much of a impact on who wins the electon. Although, you cannot choose who your state senators in the end vote for, there's a greater chance of your state having a bigger impact. It naturally balences out some of the more heavier politically impacting states. Even though things are equal, in the long run larger states (population wise) will get more attention than states with a smaller population.

There are upsides and downsides to the Electoral College, but from a political perspective it is crystal clear that it is a better choice. Citizens for popular vote do believe it is unfair to the voters having a board of senators making the big vote/impact on the president, but those senators are highly trusted people who know what they're doing. I favor the Electoral College over popular vote because it helps avoid run-off elections, it uses the winner-takes-all method, and gives equal oppourtunity to smaller states.    