Dear Rick Scott,

Controversial. This is the word that can describe the Electoral College in recent elections. The Electoral College is composed of 538 votes, a presidential candidate must acquire 270 to win the election. States with large populations get more electoral votes so say, Rhode Island. California gets 55 votes while the puny Rhode Island gets a whopping 3 votes. The Electoral College has been debated since the 2000 election, where Al Gore lost even though he got more popularity votes. Many folks believe the Electoral College should be abolished. I believe that the Electoral College should be kept in the presidential elections, because it shows a clear winner, it ensures it is, "Everyone's President", educated voters count in the swing states and it avoids Run-Off Elections.

Without the Electoral College, some elections may be hard to decide a true winner. No matter the situation, the Electoral College will determine a winner, if the popular vote and electoral vote become tied, (which is highly unlikely,) the vote will be taken to the senate. Each senator counts as one vote, so no longer do bi states matter. Also, the Electoral College ensures the presidential candidates have trans-regional appeal. It makes the votes count, the president chose is surely, "Everyone's President," rather than a favorite in just northeastern states. Furthermore, swing states are tremendously important to the outcome of the election. States such as Florida, New York, Texas and California have dozens of votes combined, winning all four of those states pretty much means presidency. The swing states not only have more electoral votes because of population, but because of their voters. On average, there are more educated voters in the swing states, they actually stay up to date, watch the news and know the means of each candidate. The Electoral College also avoids the disaster of which no cadidate receives a majority of the votes cast. A good example of this is when Clinton had only 43% of the popular votes won, yet he got a whopping 370 electoral votes, which made him president. The pressure of having a run-off election is nearly vanished by the Electoral College. Although others say that the Electoral College should be abolished, because in that system, voters vote a slate of electors, not the president. Well tough , the Electoral College ensures a winner, and that is all that matters.

The Electoral College should, for sure, be kept in the Presidential Election system. It consists of 538 total votes, and 270 votes have to go to a candidate to pick a winner. Although the votes may tie up, which is nearly impossible, the Electoral College ensures another method to decide the presidency. The Electoral College produces a sure winner, "Everyone's President," is elected, educated voters are in the swing states and it avoids the disaster of a Run-Off Election.

From,

PROPER_NAME           