Keeping your mind working during the summer will help you get into the new school year better. This is why most schools require you to complete a summer reading list. Having schools give us projects during the summer will be fun. I believe schools should have these projects be student-designed because students would be more inclined to do them and it would be enjoyable.

If these projects were student-designed the students would be more willing to do them since they would be choosing the topic to work on. In my experiences, if my mom told me to do something I didn't want to do I would not do it to the best of my abilities. However, if I choose what to do it wouldn't feel as a 'must' but rather a 'want,' so I would take my time doing it. Students would have a good time doing a project they are interested in; they would be excited when working on it. Having excitement while doing projects helps you do better on them.

Having these project be student-designed would make the students feel as if it wasn't a school assignment that they had to do on their summer break. I typically don't want to do school work during my breaks; so, if I had to choose what topic I would be working on, it would be more enjoyable for me. I will still be learning of course but I would be working on something I am interested in. Most projects that are teacher-designed that I get assigned to don't interest me, I dread doing them. If these projects were student-designed it would insure student learning, while also having fun during summer.

Some people however, may believe the students would not complete the projects if it was student-designed. If the students did not know what to choose for their projects they may not even bother to do it. Having to pick something for myself and not knowing what to do typically frustrates me and make me feel as if I don't want to do it. Having that much freedom may be too much for the students that often don't do their work. Restricting the projects to be teacher-designed will ensure the students to complete the projects and continue learning during their summer breaks.

Making these projects student-designed will make the students feel inclined to complete them and it will be fun for them. Having to choose their own topics will encourage them to complete the project. Students should be having fun during the summer, it is their break for completing the school year. Forcing them to work on a topic they no not enjoy will not let them have fun. If students were required to do work during the summer, they should be doing something they choose to do.      