I beleive that students will benefit in many ways from more schools offering distance learning as an option to attand class from home. It gives students, at home sick, the opportunity to keep up with the pace of the class, instead of missing a day. Many schools are currently integrating technology into learning wherever possible, with adding this option other perks come with it such as extra help from teachers after hours and the ability to partake in discussion. Distance learning also benefits students that may suffer from social anxiety or bullying, they would now have the option to learn from a very comfortable and familiar environment. Distance learning increases the opportunities students have to learn and improve upon their knowledge.

When students miss school due to illness, they miss out on the lessons taught that day and are put in a position where their education is rushed and this affects how well the content is learned. However, with distance learning students who are out sick can still learn what they need for the day, and participate in class as normal. Some students who are very dedicated to their learning, may go to school when they are sick so they wont miss out on anything important. This can be dangerous to the health and well being of their classmates. With the introduction of distance learning, the sick student's classmates are safe and the student can continue with their education.

Many schools recently have prioritized integrating technology in the classroom wherever possible, and have seen the benefits from doing so. Distance learning is yet another beneficial example of technology integration in the classroom. Without distance learning as an option students who miss a day have to catch up with the rest of the class by either talking to their teacher individually or getting the materials beforehand for planned absences. This puts extra stress on the students as well as the teachers who have to spend time worrying about individual students. With distance learning, however, teachers can spend more time focusing on the class as a whole and the standards of learning for all of their students.

Students who suffer from social anxiety, or are bullied in school may also benefit from distance learning. Social anxiety may hinder a students ability to learn, especially in loud and very social settings like the classroom. being able to attend class from home would allow these students to learn in comfortable and familiar environments with less distraction form the learning that needs to be done. When students are bullied, often times they see school and the classroom as a dangerous place to be, and may spend their time there worried about being picked on, instead of focusing on learning. distance learning allows them to learn from the safety of their own home where they can focus on the lessons.

Distance gives students more opportunities to learn from home where they can feel comfortable and safe. Students that miss school days due to health issues or any other reason can stay up to pace on the topics covered in class. When school becomes unbearable to same students they have the option to learn from home if it will improve the quality of their education. With distance learning, teachers can teach more affectively and efficiently.