In this world, we want to gain more knowlege to better understand what's around us.

Now, scientists want to be in the next level of understanding. They want to gain more information about the Venus. Venus is also called,"Evening Star."

They know that it is a very dangerous thing to accomplish. However, they're still doing it anyway. The author even says,"Is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." He also said," To contribute meaningfully to our knowlege of Venus."

Scientists study many things, they explore many planets: Such as Moon, Mercury, Saturn, etc. But this, it's beyond what numbers of people to even imagine doing it.

In paragraph 2; the author help me relize, Scientists love challenge. The author said that, "Since no spacecraft survived the land for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." They know more facts about the danger of this mission. This is what happens, when people set their mind and fucus, nobody can stop them. Still, they willingly to go, the fact knowing the "conditions are far extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth."

Scientists believe seeking to understand is more crucial; despite the risks of dangers. They focus on completing mission that no human has ever done before.

They were motivated by their own believes. They were inspire and get courage on their own ways. The author said,"Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers an doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." It means learning and gaining knowlege should not be stop wether it was on Earth or beyond. But rather, increase it to the fullest to reach out expectation.

The author gaves us a way to accomplishes the impossible. It was by not giving up and continues to believes in how we started.

When gazing up the star, we were dazzled by the sprakled. But to look closer, it's a dream came true. We see how wonderful it was. But if we keep on imagine and never do it, it won't come true. Only, if we cast out fear aside and our doubts, then take a step forward. We know that we'll meet our expectation. This is what the author wants us to believes in. 