In my town getting your license is a huge deal. As soon as I turned fifteen I went streight to the DMV to take my test and get to driving as soon as possible. In countries and cities such as Germany, France, and Bogota, driving is ban pretty much where ever you go. After days of near-record pollution,paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city and as a result congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog. Smog flooded Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the entire world.

Limiting car usage has numerous advantages from streets being safer than ever, to totally eliminating smog that drapes over the world today.

Cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions and desil fuel was blamed. we the people want to stop the pollution and eliminate it once and for all so the People proposed " A day without cars". It's part of an improvement campaign that began in Bogota in the mid-1990s. This campaign has seen the construction of 188 miles of nicycle paths, the most of any Latin American city, according to the citys mayor. Parks and sports centers have beeen packed throughout the city, Sidewalks have been redone, rush-hour restrictions have cut traffic, new and more resturaunts have been built, and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.

The end of car culture has hit everywhere and id just getting to the U.S.

President Obama's goal to curb the United states' greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitous assist from an incipient  shift in American behavior. Recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewwer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. the essential question is " Has America passed peak driving?"

the United states had been long one of the worlds prime car cultures. But America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. when adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily after. As of april 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january 1995.

"different things are converging which suggests that we are witnessing a long-term cultural shift," said Mimi Sheller, a sociology professor at Drexel University and director of its Mobilities Research and policy center. She cites various factors about how the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet your friends. the renewal of centercities has made the suburbs less appealing and has drawn empty nesters back in. The rise in cellphones and car-pooling apps has facilitated more flexable commuting arrangements, inncluding the evolution of shared va services for getting to work.

a study last year found that driving by young peopple decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009 and even car buyers are merely older or buying fewer cars in a lifetime rather than rejecting car culture outright. "pedestrian, bycycle, private cars, commerical and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emmissions and improve safety."                            