We should keep the elcetoral college because it was made by out founding fathers and should be kept alive. Not only that but it has been around for so long that it would be difficult getting use to the change. By keeping the electoral college we keep a non-democratic way of voting for out presidents. Betrayal dosent often happen because we put trust into the people we sent to the electoral college. By keeping the electoral college we also keep the chance of any runner winning, unlike if normal people got to have their votes count someone would always ain by a landslide. By also keeping the electoral college we make it so their is no chance of a tie. Like if a person from the electoral college were to betray his state.

If it were to happen the state would be very disappionted and would look down upon him or her. By keeping the electoral college we make it so the its difficult for one person to betray his or her  state. We all expect them to make the right choise for the whole state and they feel that pressure. Everyone only influences what the person is going to pick. But some people fold under pressure and do what the  other person wants. That can also be a good thing.

By putting people under pressure with a whole state on their back people would choose who ever their state wants. If every state thinks differntly then their would still be a chance for the other person to win even if other states voted for the other person. If one person got a lot of states to like them then the other peson wouldnt stand a chance if real people were voting and they would lose against a landslide victory. There would also be major fights and outbrakes of violence if we got rid of the electoral college. If you had a friend that voted for the person you didnt want to win and they won you would mad and argry. They would just rub it in your face and say you lost and could lead to fights or even killings. The smart desion would be to keep the electoral college.

By keeping it everyone is happy and will accept things easier. But if we were to abolish it the towns and cities would go and rampage with families borken and friendships being torn apart. And we can prevent that by just keeping the electoral college.    