source 1: what is the electoral collage?

by the office of the federal register

The electoral college is a proccess,not a place. The founding established it in the U.S. constitution as a compromise between election of the president and the congress and the election of the president by a polpular vote of qualified citizens.(

paragraph, 1 sentance, 1).

The electoral college consists of 538 electors a majority of 270 electors votes are required and is reqiured to elect the president(paragraph 3 sentance 1). So i belive that electoral college should be at most the most effecient way of electing a president because they have to persude the electorates to be on their side in order to get elected. Wich is much harder to do that pursudeing the people there for giving us a good honest president than one that will lie or try to hurt the public in any way because, i belive if their are officials going to vote for our nations president they will be much more careful of their decision,putting our nation in better hands.

source 3: in defenceof the electoral collage:five reasons to keep our method of choosing the president by Richard A. Posner reason 1:

Certainty Of  Outcome

Dispute over  the out come is possible-it happend in 2000- but its less likely than a dispute between popular vote. the reson is that winnning candidate's share of electoral collage invariably exeeds his share of the popular vote.

reason 2

:

Everyone's President

The electoral college  requirs canadates to have trans-regional appeal. no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. So a solid regional such as Mitt Romneywas in the south,has so innocently favored for he gain electoral vote by increasing his plurality in those states and if done he know he'll win.

reason 3

:

Swing States

The winner takes all method of awarding electoral votes induces  the canidates-as we saw in [2012's] election- to focus their campaign efforts on the toss up states. Voters in toss up states are more likeley to pay close attention to the campeign to really listen to the competeing canidates knowing that they are going to decide the election. They are likeley to be on the most thoughtful votes, on average(and futher reason they will have recived the most information and attention from the canidates), and the most thoughtful voters should be the one to decide the election.

reason 4

:

Big States

The electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states have (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionmentof the senate decreed in the constitution. The popular vote was very close in Florida [2012] never the less obama, who won that vote got 29 electoral votes. A victory by the same margin in woyming would net the winner got 3 electoral votes.

reason 5

:

Avoid Run-Off Elections

The electoral college avoids run-off elections wich no canindate recives a majority of the votes cast. For example , Nixion in 1968 and Clinton both had only 43% plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the electoral college. There is pressure for run-off elections when no canidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure,wichwould greatly complicate the presidential election processes.

So you see that is is easier and less complex to do an electoral vote instead of a popular vote. Thats why i think it is manditory that we keep the electoral collage because it is a more orginized system that prevents some of the problems we see today.                                                                                            