The struggles in many peoples lives rely on time-related events such as work, school, and other priorities. These time limits have been built up through our transportation and the bumps that come with it. Traffic is an obvious limit on peoples time every day. However, if traffic was non-existent, how could these struggles be taken away? Simple, everybody gets to their destination without polluting the air or wasting time behind cars; walking or using a bike is the way to go. Avoiding the usage of cars has many positives such as, being free from time constraints with transportation, being more active, and being an avid "green" human that is saving the Earth.

Traffic is all around us, whether it be internet or transportation traffic. The usage of cars has limited job arrivals because of the time that should be taken to drive to the job site. Yet, job sites should be centered around the employees as cars should toned down in the first place. "... stores are placed a walk way, on a main street, rather than in malls in some distant highway." (Source #1), this quote directly supports and addresses a problem that has been prolonged for too long. Restaurants, sporting good stores, and shopping malls have all corralled themselved in areas that are too distant for consumers to readily access. With cars slimmed down in numbers, stores would be in place for the consumer and the employee.

"...millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital eerily devoid of traffic jams." (Source #3). When being are more active throughout the day, occurences such as this are allowed to happen much more often. A day free of cars in Bogota left streets almost completely traffic free which in turn reduced smog and allowed for alternativ transportation.(Source #3). Cars allow us to ride through hundreds of miles with just the use of a few muscles. Running just 1 mile burns hundreds of calories and gets people feeling good. When people are fit and healthy, they feel better about themselves and have more confidence. The limitation of cars would allow this feeling to arise in thousands of people. People felt so good, they let nothing stop them; "The rain hasn't stopped people from participating," (Source #3).

Saving the Earth is extremely important and many people are aware of that. However, very few of those people take action. This is primarily because of the way our daily lives are ran. Work is a necessity to support for one's own and their families, so getting to work, whether by car or by bus, is something that will not stop. However, the alternatives of tranportation allow us to reach that goal without using gas-emitting cars or buses. Bikes and even hybrid cars are now rising up in today's society; "A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009". (Source #4). Young people have a strong influence on society and if they worry less about the car that they are driving or even driving at all, then there is certainly something going on. Cities are now also taking part in this action, "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city... Congestion was down 60 percent in the captial of France..." (Source #2). A simple temporary ban can not only change the mind of an individuals view on using other alternatives for tranportation, but also allow them to experience those alternatives.

The consequences that cars toll people with today are greatly weighing on an individuals daily life. They have their schedule built around their car and are constantly being time constrained because of it. The effect greenhouse gases have on the Earth is huge and has not stopped. In order to help the Earth in this parituclar topic, this action would be miraculous. Not only do many people become lazy and very unhealthy because of cars, but they also take for granted what they can do without them. Hiking and other activities are missed out on the daily because of these vehicles. Many people can accomplish new goals and set new goals if it were not for certain transportation methods.                             