Summer break is a crucial time needed to ease tensions from the stressful life of a student. The responsibility of designing a project that is forced upon students during their time off should be held by teachers.

When it comes to summer activities, completing a school project isn't one that comes to mind. If students are being required to do a project, then teachers should be the ones to design it. Creating projects and lesson plans, assigning work, etc. is all apart of a teacher's job. As employees of schools that require a summer project, teachers, rather than students, should be in control of the project elements. Doing this will give teachers the opportunity to have say in what their students are learning.

Along with it being apart of their job description, teachers should be designing projects because this will motivate students to put forth their best work. For most students, the end result of completing their work is more important than the process of doing it. They will go above and beyond to get the correct answer, but wouldn't do the same in order to understand why that answer is correct. If the project is teacher-designed, then students will have a standard to meet and will strive to meet it. However, having a student-designed project will create lower standards and decrease the motivation needed to complete the project.

Being forced to complete a task, especially during a time intended for relaxation, will only result in sloppy work being done. Although the project is intended for the continuation of learning, students are more likely to design their projects to be as simple as possible. Given the circumstance of it being summer and having to complete a project which is under their observation, students will do the bare minimum amount of work. The same cannot be said if it was created by a teacher. In addition, students are more likely to complete the project solely for the grade rather than the learning experience; defeating the whole purpose of assigning a summer project.

The burden of having an entire project to do over the course of summer is the last thing students want. This task is forced upon them by their schools. Therefore, educators should be accounted for having a well designed project to assign to students. The students already have extra, unwanted work to complete. They shouldn't have to be given the additional stress of having to design their own projects.           