What is so special about texting and driving? Is the person you're texting more valuable than your life? These are the two questions you should ask yourself before picking up your phone while you are behind the wheel. The statistics are out of this world people are dying every day because of distracted drivers. Texting and driving is very dangerous because during the time you check your phone your brain cells reaction time slows down and it causes a potential accident.

In 2018 4,637 people died in car crashes due to cell phone use. In my opinion I say that people should not use their cell phone while driving. People lose their lives everyday just because of a single text or phone call. Researchers have come to a conclusion that using your phone while driving is 6x dangerous than driving drunk. If you answer or check a text that could take about 5 seconds but if you are traveling 65 mph while doing that who knows what can happen in those seconds. 94 percent of drivers support a ban on texting while driving .74 percent of drivers support a ban on hand-held cell phone use. The fact that those numbers do not equal out are problem and this is why I do not agree that people should be allowed to use their phone while driving.

Texting while driving is a problem now more than it has ever been, as 69 percent of U.S. drivers between the ages of 18 and 64 admitted to using their cell phone while driving during the previous month. Texting increases a crash by 23 times, it's a habit that must be stopped, across age groups and geographic locations alike. 40 percent of teens state that they've been in the car with a car with someone who was diving when using their cell phone in a way that put them in some kind of danger. While the maximum amount of time a driver can safely can change their attention from the road from is two seconds, it takes a driver five seconds on average to send a text message. Besides talking to your teen regularly about this issue and setting a good example by not using your cell phone while driving yourself, there are other simple ways to monitor your teen's phone use while they're behind the wheel. Start by activating smartphone features that help prohibit texting while driving. We need to take advantage of technology, utilizing apps that allow you as the parent more transparency into your child's whereabouts and driving habits.

In my opinion I think people should turn their phones off while driving. In this generations words don't mean anything. Signs don't mean anything. There are signs everywhere that say don't text and drive but due to the research nobody is listening. Companies are trying to go around this rule by making a profit. What I mean by that is we say don't text and drive but here's an example apple air pods you simply tap your ear and say text so and so and in an instant your message has been sent to whoever. I don't think that's safe either in no way is texting and driving safe. Even if you try to make it easier in my opinion there is no way that it can be safe. If you take your eyes off the road for even a second, the most dreadful things could happen. To many people die for that one text back that could have waited until you stopped or could have waited until you got to a red light. Many teenagers don't know that you could ruin your in literally 5 seconds.

There is one case in which your life can be saved when texting and driving. There is a law called the hands free law. Texting and driving could either be paid with your life or a ticket. In Georgia, the texting and driving ticket is the highest in the nation. If you get caught in Georgia that is a $150 ticket for violating the distracted driving law as well as one point on your driving record. The highest ticket you could be fined to is $1,000 in Iowa I think you're better off just following the hands free law. More money you get to keep in your pocket. Then to think about if you're texting and driving there's a possibility of you losing your life and a possibility of you killing someone else.

In conclusion, Texting and driving is very dangerous but tempting. Teenagers are the most tempted to text and drive. The technology today is controlling are minds. Why not use it to save our lives? There are way too many people making a simple mistake that will determine if they have another day to live. In the future we will find more ways to break this horrible habit that so many people are used to. Parents should teach their kids how to drive without distractions. Friends should teach each other that no matter what they need at the moment no boyfriend or girlfriend information is more valuable than their life. The message will wait remember your life wont. To save your life and other people lives follow the hands free law.                                                