If your principal was asking you if you think it's a good idea that students must participate in at least one school activity, what would you say, do you agree or disagree. While reading this pay attention to the details that will be added about why students should or shouldn't must participate in school activities.

One reason students should be forced to take at least one school activity is some students after school just go home immediately to watch television or use their phones,the reason this is a problem is because that isn't good for their heath kids, need at least a couple of hours in the sun the reason being is the sun provided Vitamin D. Another reason is students eye sight could get worse by them looking at a screen all day. The final reason is some students are addicted to using their phones, did you know that phones can cause cancer? by students doing a sport or club this can limit screen time.

The next reason why students should be forced in doing a school activity is it can make people widen their circle of friendship, the reason being is when you talk to someone constantly you guys are immediately going to become friends. Another reason is students can become less depressed if they suffer from depression, the reason being is students who are depressed are founded to be more happy when their around more people they can talk to if they were alone it'll get worse which is why they should do an after school activity. The final reason is that students grades may improve reason being is, they might meet someone who can help them with their school work or even help them study. Another reason is students can start to feel motivated because in order to do a school activity you have to get good grades, so maybe they might start feeling motivated to have good grades. The final reason is students may feel more motivated to do their work because, after they go home they'll do their work so they can have a better grade.

The final reason why students should be forced do doing a school activity is it can make students more motivated the reason being is, while students are doing an activity they are going to feel motivated to win or have their team win. Another reason is students will start to do things more organized or on time the reason being is, now that they have some motivation from doing an activity when it comes to doing this they are supposed to do, they might do it better. The final reason is students who don't have respect can most likely gain it the reason being is, when being motivated your behavior changes really quickly, so people who have no respect might gain it.

And that was why I believe that students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity, because, It'll keep them off their phones, it'll make students open their circle wider, and it'll make students more motivated.

Some people may think otherwise, for example some students may think it's a bad idea for students to have to participate in at least one school activity while others think it's a great idea.

The reason some people might not think it's a good idea for students to have to participate in one school activity is some students might be stressed if their forced to do an activity they don't want to do, the reason being is, some people have social anxiety this means when put around people they tend to get uncomfortable, nervous, and maybe even cry because they have no clue what to say.