Having a driverless car would be like having a toilet that wipes for you. It is another item that someone has created for people to be lazy. A driverless car would be useful for some people like handicapped people or people who can not mentally be responsible to drive. Driverless cars could potentially help but often after time machines have been proved to fail or later experience problems. "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, Google cars aren't truly driverless." (paragraph 2)

"Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and NIssan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020." (paragraph 10) With the thought and hope to succeed in the completely driverless car the goal would be to reduce the amount of car crashes and provide safer transportation. The driverless car could reduce the cost needed for vehicles and their needed repairs, they would be mostly robotic, and could reduce gas and gas prices causing chemicals in the air to be reduced. The expected cost of a driverless car would be very pricey as the radar cost two hundred million dollars. "Radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars." (paragraph 6)

With all the new technology and new inventions of technology it is harming the world. It is causing health issues, social and economic issues, and riots. More than half of the entire world is obese, the number of obese citizens is growing larger and larger. The use of technology plays a very large role in obesity. Young children and people of all ages for that fact grow addicted to social media, video games, and many other things. The use of cell phones, which many people can not go anywhere without, harms the brain and kills the cells in your brain along with exposing your body to unneeded radiation. Technology has helped the world in many ways but is hurting it in many more ways. Even though the driverless car could reduce the amount of harmful checmicals in the air it could increase the amount of radiation exposed to humans and other living things.

Technology should be used to benefit everyone even those against it. Society, manufacturers, inventors, they should all be using techonology to improve the world and improve the health instead of creating things that harm potentially or could cause more lazy citizens. Driverless cars is a good idea but it is not something that could help the enviroment or the world to much. The idea of a driverless car is something to get more money out of people and to sell a product. Most people drive safely without the help of computers. If someone were to care more to better help or train drivers then there could be many more people driving safely and preventing more wrecks. Many states also feel that there are safe enough drivers that they outlawed the testing of driverless vehicles. "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driver cars." (paragraph 9)

Potentially the usage of driverless cars could help the enviroment a small bit. Using the computerized vehicle could do more harm to the users and the enviroment unknowingly. More wrecks could be prevented but with more care and time to help drivers more wrecks could be prevented. If the driverless car would break down most people wouldn't know how to fix it resulting in another entire vehicle to be purchased. Laws would need to be changed along with many other things. Not to mention insurance would most likely sky rocket. People who purchase and use a driverless vehicle may potentially be harming their lives decreasing the years they will be living. 