The electoral college is not a place, but a process. A process that seems meaningless, a process that is uncalled for. It doesn't make any sense to me because i thought when someone votes, their vote goes straight to the person running. to learn that, that is not the case at all is really an eye-opener about how much politics confuse me.

You help choose your state's electors when you vote for president because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candiddate's electors.

Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on Abolishing the electoral college! They are not alone; according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency.

Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. And yet, the electoral college still has its defenders. The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century, the system allows for much worse.

Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy.(So that a popular vote for kennedy.) In the same vein, "faithless" electors ocasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please.

At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have nochance of winning. If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters Ohio, they have yet to make it.

Pretty much anywhere you go whether it's school or work, you will hear that as an American Citizen, you have the right to vote. If you don't vote for the president of your choice, you can't complain when things go wrong. Yet your vote really doesn't count unless the electors you voted for win .

How can they say our vote counts when it really doesn't, all i'm saying is that they need to start saying what they mean and stop directing people towards lies.                                                    