"Hey Generic_Name what do you think about this new video game?" Generic_Name asked. "Dont ask just me because then you might be getting a bad opinion from me!" Generic_Name replied. "Okay, I'll make sure to ask someone else as well to get their opinion, thanks Generic_Name!" Generic_Name said. Asking for two opinions is good because you see the bigger picture, eliminate bias, and you can make a better choice.

Firstly, asking for two opinions is good because you can see the bigger picture. "Hey Generic_Name should i get Space Defenders 4 or Battle for the Netherlands 2?" Generic_Name asked. "Is that even a question?" Generic_Name replied, "Get Space Defenders 4 man, the company for Battle for the Netherlands 2 is corrupted, they keep making the game more and more expensive!" "Whoa whoa whoa stop right there!" Generic_Name interrupted, "The makers of Battle for the Netherlands are making the game more expensive because they're getting lots of sales and want to make more profit! It's simple economics Generic_Name!" "Thanks Generic_Name! I'll take that into consideration when I'm deciding!" Generic_Name replied. Seeing the bigger picture allows you to see where a company or person might be getting their reasoning from when they make what seems to be a bad decision. When taking that extra info into consideration it allows you to understand the consequences of taking the other choice that might be more risky. With school laptops and computers, it might seem ridiculous the schools are getting such slow computers, but in fact they get them early so that they can last a long time and save a lot of money on technology for the years to come.

Secondly, asking for two opinions is good because it helps you eliminate bias. "Hey Generic_Name do you think Fortnite or Minecraft is better?" Generic_Name asked. "Fortnite is way better than Minecraft dude," Generic_Name replied. "Well I'm still going to ask Generic_Name what he thinks because you might have a biased opinion and you don't know it!" Generic_Name answered. Biased opinions can seriously affect a companies sales, or a consumers choice, or even what materials are used to make the product in the first place! When using something that is biased, you get something that could be a much worse choice. Using non-biased opinions from friends and family is much more reliable than using a biased opinion since you are more likely to get a better product or service if you go based on facts, and not opinions.

Thirdly, asking for two opinions is good because you can make a better choice. "Generic_Name what do you think about Sauce Mixer 3? It has 200 reviews and they're all positive," Generic_Name asked. "I think you should get it if its got mostly positive reviews" Generic_Name replied, "What do you think Generic_Name?" "Well I think you should get Cheese Factory Simulator, its got the same amount of reviews with 94% of them being positive, and it's $8 cheaper than Sauce Mixer 3!" Generic_Name replied. Making a better choice can not only help you now, but it can also benefit you later when the price of the game might go up! Making a better choice can mean you have more of a certain resource to spare so you can donate extras to charity or some other organization. Not having that extra bit of money could mean you wouldn't have enough money to have nice food, or any food at all, until you have more money.

"Hey Generic_Name?" Generic_Name asked. "Yeah Generic_Name?" Generic_Name replied. "Did you ever get that game?" Generic_Name asked. "Actually no I didn't, I was too afraid I was gonna make a bad choice!" Generic_Name said. "Well you're in luck! I just got an e-mail that the game is on sale for 20% off!" Generic_Name answered. "Oh cool! So now I can get this game and still feel good because I'll be saving money as well!" Generic_Name said. In conclusion, Asking for two or more opinions is good because it helps you see the bigger picture, eliminate bias, and make a better choice.