Dear State Senator,

Keeping the electoral eollege method shouldn't be appropriate for electing the next president. In source two it says that when you use the electoral college system and you vote,not only do you vote not only for one person but other people pledged to that person. Now,I don't think it's the best idea to choose this method despite it being a more simple process but using the popular vote method sounds more fair,source two also says that someone won the popular vote but the electoral college prevented him from becoming the next president. The electoral college causes too much confusion,its unfair and it's caused more problems with voting.

Although,using the elctoral college method is more simple,it can cause a lot of confusion. If you vote for one person then you automatically vote for the other people pledged to that person. Many people who have ran for persident have lost due to the electoral college method but they've won the popular vote. Its possible that when you are voting you don't know who else you're voting for.

To continue with,the electoral college method can be unfair because of the people who lost due to the system. Some people that ran for president won the popular vote but lost the electoral college vote. Others also lost because of the "winner-take-all" system,it awards every elector to the winning presidential candidate.

This method has caused problems with voting because of it being unfair. Some of the problems its caused was how others win automatically if the president they pledged to won the electoral college vote. This method of voting has to go.

In conclusion,the electoral college voting system shouldn't be used again in the future becasue of its confusion. It can have you voting for someone pledged to the preisdent that you didn't wan to vote for. It can also be unfair. Many people lost because of this method but won the popular vote. Last it's caused too much problems as a voting system in general.                             