Well In this part I think is good and bad idea.

I think is good because if they have any emergency in home they do not going to dismiss any classes they can take classes from home they have already tools do not needed to go outside they have everything in home, and the teacher they do not need to wake up early everyday, and also some family they are going to agree because now they do not are going to think every time how is my daughter or my son if they are safe or if they are in trouble.

the bad things that if they going to give to all the students to take classes from only or video confederation some students they not going to do their work. in some others parts they do not have any internet or money to buy a computer they do not have opportunity that the others person have, also the teacher do not have any jobs they are going to need they works back, and some family they do not need to send to school to their sons because they do not have many or they want their son to work. Is very different have the people think is hard to take decision.

if they are old they can choose what they want, they have to think very careful if they said yes they want to take class form online , is going to be more easy from them because they do not have a job or they do not have to take care, they can do it they have a lot of time in the world if they do not have any computer thats is going to be a really good problem form them because they do not have school open or they do not have the materials they want for learn, they have to look for job but sometimes if your looking for a job they need to know how you was in school they need to see you record, you are going to need in the future.

If you are going to say no because we need to learn something, we do not have any money to pay to go to school theirs so many ways to go to school their have school that are free you do not need to pay anything, just you need is go to school everyday, and do not get in trouble. Is good idea if they do this in college for students they work they know, they have more responsibility.

If you put a child with computer is going to be more concentrated in computer and maybe they going to have problems with their eyes or any problem when their grow up.

if is a old is more easy from them because they brain is more they can understand and they do not have any issues to work in the computers.

so is bad idea that they students take class form online they do not have any money or they do not work. 