All over the world, attending a school is a vital part of a person's schedule. The person could be a graduate student, under-graduate, or a high school student, but on all levels, it is so essential that daily activities are centered around it. With something as big as this there are bound to be people that, for some reason, are unable to attend school and with that comes obvious disparities in privileges given to certain people. For the people that are unable to attend school, online education should become readily available due to mental illnesses preventing a person from attending, to allow people to have the chance to attend, and to give sick students the experience of attending school, as it is every person's given right to receive an education and nothing should prevent that in the modern world.

In the past, mentioning mental illness was seen as a sort of taboo in society and there was a stigma surrounding the idea of a mental illness and the idea of getting help for one. In today's day and age, however, many people openly suffer from some sort of incapacitating mental illness and are open about getting help for it due to the actions of a very progressive society. A lot of these people who suffer are students actively trying to seek an education but cannot because of their condition. If the opportunity were available for these students to receive an education while also catering to their specific condition, they would greatly benefit from it. For example, if a high school student was suffering from crippling social anxiety and clinical depression and could not attend school, the consequences of he/she not receiving an education would greatly outweigh the benefits of he/she staying home for their condition. Not giving the student the chance to receive their high school diploma through online classes is only setting he/she up for failure later in life with little job opportunities and an overall lesser quality of life. If the student were to attend online classes from home, however, their condition would not be triggered due to them being in the comfort of their home and not in a public space, which is a usual trigger for most people, and they would receive an education. Some could argue that providing online classes to students with mental illnesses will only fuel their condition and that it is catering to a budding sense of entitlement, but that is very inaccurate in almost all cases. To force a student that is clearly suffering to go to school is not only cruel, but it also makes the student feel as if they do not matter and that their feelings are invalid. Feelings of invalidity and anger caused by students being in a place they are miserable in is definitely a factor in rising rates of teenage suicide and depression, so to implement a program for online students would not only save lives, but definitely make the kids of the world happier.

Being able to attend classes online would greatly convenience thousands of students with little to no time. For example, college applications now require a multitude of skills and are looking for variety within the application pool which results in students scrambling to participate in a lot of extracurricular activities and taking a heavier course load to stand out. With these new additions come with a much more time consuming schedule and title to no time for the student to recuperate and recover from the day's events. If the student could take online classes and be permitted to arrive late or leave early to/from school, this would open a large time frame in which the student can do whatever they want. This extra time could be used to relax, be dedicated to homework, or even sleep for longer, really whatever the student wants to do with it. No matter what they do though, it is obvious that the opportunity to have a reduced schedule inside the school building would greatly benefit the student since it allows he/she to just feel like they have a choice in life, rather than dedicate very waking hour of his/her life to school. Speaking from personal experience, spending too much time dedicated to school can lead to a very quick burnout and feelings of exhaustion, both mentally and physically, which in turn causes my grades to suffer from school, ironically.

In light of recent events, online school is becoming a very sensible path for many schools in the near future. When pandemics hit, it would be very foolish to continue to send students to school, which can very easily harbor super-spreaders of a virus. With online classes though, the spread of a virus can be halted if everyone were to attend school online which not only protects students but also the staff. For example, the increasingly dangerous threat of COVID-19 is affecting daily life everywhere. Since the epicenter of this virus is in China, a country with a very large world presence, fears of it spreading arose in the other eastern areas like South Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Singapore. This resulted in schools closing down in those countries and switching to online schools to prevent the spread of the virus and the number of preventable deaths by this virus. Not only does this benefit the students by protecting them from a dangerous respiratory condition, but it also protects the world and those with weaker immune systems.

The world is very diverse and filled with many people with stark contrasts in their ways of life, so to deny those suffering from a condition or those that are unable to attend the right to an education would be a serious failure in the education system. There is no reason as to why someone could not receive an education, as it is the duty of governments, school systems, and politicians to make sure everyone has that opportunity whether it be through online education or lessening college tuition. Making changes starts with small steps and the first small step to make education accessible is through online classes for everyone in the country.