Some students learn better in an enviroment that's more quiet and a place where they feel safe such as their own home. Doing school from home is not for everyone, alot of students do homeschooling because they don't like school or if they dont feel as if they are safe and sometimes it's just too distracting for them so they make the decision to do school from home. Everyone learns differenty, it just matters how you apply yourself in your schoolwork and how you work. Many students struggle in school because they are worried about their grades and there is a lot of distractions that keep them from doing work sometimes. Not everyone can do homeschooling, some students need to interact with other people for them to work and others are fine with working by themselves in a quiet area.

Online school and homeschooling are just other options for students that want to learn in a space where they feel comfortable or if it's more convenient. Many of us students struggle in school, it's hard trying to keep grades up with also trying to keep a social life and any other problems that come our way. When the idea of school pops up into a students mind, it can be seen as annoying. When you have the privilage to do your work on your own time makes the student feel more calm and not worried about when a projects due or if they did their homework. Everyone is different some students may benefit from homeschooling or online school, and some may not, every student is going to learn differently.

As a student myself I choose to go to school instead of doing homeschool. I personally learn better in an enviroment with other people and teachers that can help me along the way. There are many different and affective ways of homeschooling. I beleive that having an actual teacher with me helps students better succeed in a class or activity. Some people may not agree with that statement but, that is their oppinion. Everyone has their reasons why and how they choose thier education. School is a very important asset in life, it is better to be educated in a space where you learn the best, rather that be at school, at home, or online.

Homeschooling is a good source of eduaction, but I think that a school eduaction from a public or private school is better than doing it from home or online. Some students may learn better in a space such as their own home but, they may not get all of their work done and sometimes may never even do their work. When you dont do your work your grades start to drop and when they drop it can be hard to get them back up again. With homeschooling or online school it's different. Online school you dont have a teacher with you at all times helping you with your work or telling you what you missed or are missing. Responsibility comes into play when you are doing your school work and with online school you are responsible for all your work and when you do it. When you are going to school everyday there is a time when you do it and when you turn it in, in most cases you can find a teacher to help you out with your work when needed, you can't really get that with online school. One time when I didnt know what to do for an english project, I had to go to my english teacher and ask him how to write the paper, and he sat down with me and told me how to write a good paper, he didnt tell me what to write but he told me how to wite it. Some students may not get that with homeschooling. With homeschooling students may have a teacher there with them, which is great but sometimes they might be to comfortable since its at their own home and students may start to slack off.

The way students apply themselves is all that matters, if a student does not do their work and pushes it off for later that's not applying yourself to your best ability. School is easy if you just try and pay attention. You have to want to pass and want to do good for you to succeed in school. Everyone thinks differently and it might take a little bit more time for other students. All that matters is the way you comprehend work and what kind of a space you work best in. If you work better in a silent space where its just you and your schoolwork then homeschooling is for you but, if you work better with other people then school is better. The way a student learns is very imporatant to the decision of homeschooling or school. Homeschooling is a very benificial way to get educated, you just got to figure out if it suits you best.         