Dear Senator: I'am writing you this letter to inform you that I argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College. Why? Because this progress is widely regarded as an anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. A dispute over the out come of an Electoral College vote is possible, it happened in 2000. All of this reasons are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal.

The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. In Electoral College the electors are the one who elect the president not the people and my opinion is that its a good idea because not everyone has the same opinion. When you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors.

The meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. This process consists of 538 electors. The amount of 270 electoral votes is requiered to elect the President. The district of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of The Electoral College. Each candidate that is running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors. It is necessary to have this groups so you can be the president.

Well Senator I hope you like this letter and feel sure why you have to keep the Electoral College. I know you would keep it because you are a good Senator and you want the best for everyone in the state. Remember that this is very important for the people who think that you should keep this very important process that has grow in all state of the United States of America.                       