Phones and driving

Many teenagers have their phones as their top priority. Many of them are on them all the time even while driving. Texting while driving is one of many causes of death in the United States. These young 16 year olds don't understand that not only are they putting their life in danger but they are putting the person beside them, in front of them, and behind them in danger. With that being said phones should not be aloud to be operated by a human in any sort of way while driving.

Teenagers do not understand the meaning of putting your phone down. If so many teenagers would just pay attention to what's going on around them they would understand what's going on in the world. As a teenager i feel as so that if Georgia passed a law on hands free driving there should be more cops out. Cops are not paying attention to any of the drivers on the road. There is probably more people on the road texting while driving than speeding.

More people die from texting while driving than actually getting into a harmful wreck not involving a phone. Teenagers and even adults could care less about the people around them on the road and that is not how it should be.

People should be careful while driving because driving is what everyone does and even if one person is on there phone while driving when there driving next to just think about how much damage that could cause in just a quick second.

If more teenagers and adults cared about the people who are around them on the road than wrecks like this would not happen. You would not be hearing about tragic deaths on the news caused by distracted driving. If you realize it, there are more teenagers out on the road getting killed because of phones more than adults. I'm pretty sure adults got the hint when they realized that they were putting not only their lives but other people's lives in harm's way.

Phones while driving can wait. You only get to live your life once and so do the people around you. Don't think that looking at your phone for one second won't change anything because it could change everything. You can look at your phone when you get home or when your parked in a parking lot. Snapchat can wait and a text to your boyfriend/girlfriend can wait because your life and the peoples lives around you are more important than one quick text.   