Participating in an extracurricular activity for school may be a lot of fun for example, yearbook club, sports, or gaming clubs. But going to a after school activity everyday can be a lot and extracurricular activities may not be in everybody's field. The principal should not force all students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students may be busy after school, students are exhausted from school, and lastly, the students are not interested in the activities.

Sometimes teachers may assign a lot of homework to their students. Sometimes if students have multiple teachers, the students may have homework from different subjects. Or students may have to finish classwork that they did not finish from class. Also projects can keep a student busy because students may have from 1 to 2 projects to do at home. Study guides also play a role because students may have upcoming test, quizzes, benchmarks, and midterms to pass. Some parents may own a restaurant or a shop and their kids may have to work at the restaurant or shop. students can also have tutoring, babysitting, other sports, and taking care of a loved one. However there are many more things that can keep a student busy after school. With some of these things going on in a students life it can be overwhelming by adding an extracurricular activity to their busy schedules. This is why the principal should not force the students to participate in an extracurricular activity.

Students can be tired form the long 7 hours of school in the daytime. Some students may want to go straight home from school to go eat and take a nap. Also when some students are testing all day they may want to go home and relax. However if the principal forces students to participate in extracurricular activities then they will be even more exhausted by staying after school for the clubs or sports. Some students may not want to stay at school for an extra 1 to 3 hours just for a extracurricular activity. students may have made plans to hang out with friends or go out to the mall. However if they are forced to stay after school then they would have to change their plans. This is another reason why the principal should not force students to participate in extracurricular activities.

Not all students are interested in the activities at the school. The activities at school may not be so enjoyable for the students. Some of the clubs that the students are interested in may not be available at the school. This is why the principal should make clubs that the students would love for example, a fan club for a popular book, a dodge ball club, or a health club. Fun clubs like these are what will make the students enjoy the clubs. But having boring clubs at school like yearbook club can be boring. Also adding fun sports to school like gymnastics or cricket would also bring the students happiness and would make them want to do extracurricular activities instead of the principal focing the students to participate.

As a result, students are busy after school, students are exhausted from long school days, and students are not interested in the activities at school are all reasons why the principal should not force students to participate in extracurricular activities. Students have lots of other things to do after school, students want to go home after a long 7 hours of school and do not want to be at school for another 1 to 3 hours, and lastly students are not interested in the extracurricular activities at school because they are boring.                              