I think that the auther is right about studying venus is worth pursuit despite the dangers it presents, because if Venus is so close to the sun it and is one of the hottest planest because is close to the sun, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various form of life just like the Earth.

Venus is similar like the earth they have valleys,mountains,and craters. But we don't know if they have food. they mayhave alliens because of the tempertures. And it can be dangerous to the Earth because we are the closest one to Venus.

scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks or maybe we should think of them as challenges. Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contibute meaningfully to our knowledges of venus.

NASA has the power and money to send people and invest about all these things.

NASA has one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus.

NASA's posssible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to flot above the roiling Venusian landscape.

Or maybe Venus is just a start because of his nickname and is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky.

Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system,even though Mercury is closer to oour sun.

Beyond high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present addicional impediments like erupting volcanoes,powerful earthquakes,and frequent ligtning strikes to probes seeeking to land on its surface.

NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientist to flot above the fray.

Venus i the closet planet to the Earth in term of density and size and occasionally the closest in distance to. Should be more easy to study but the value of returning to Venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission.

we should invest if in Venus exist phone or tablet or system that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure,heat,and other forces.

we all have questions like "if Venus move around just like the Earth does".

We all want to konw "if Venus produce live".

we should keep invest why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus

The temperature that Venus has is too hot for humans is more extreme that anything and the weather present additional impediments like erupting volcans.

Why venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth.

My conclusion is that yes we shoud study Venus because it may have humans been in their planet, because they have water,sun,just like the Earth does. and our travels on Earthand beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubst but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. And sent more people to Venus and see what they have as a planet.