Has the face on mars been put there by alien? Well statments say that aliens have came and put this face on mars. Dont believe this because its slightly untrue because if you believe that aliens are real then of course your going to believe that aliens have came and put this face on mars. In my opinion aliens arent real and they didnt put this face on mars why cant people do research just to figure out if aliens are capable of doing these things. I honestly dont think that aliens would do this. just because i actually dont believe that they are real. So thats why im here to change anyones opinion about this face on mars. If it were aliens couldnt there have been some type of markings somewhere some how because if you think about it aliens can leave tracks too so if there wernt any trackings on the seen then aliens couldnt have done it. So with that being siad there were no aliens there to put this face on mars i mean for you to think that it was aliens wouldnt you have to have proof that it was aliens or some evidence. Anything to prove that it was aliens but for now we can only say that it wasnt aliens who do this because no one has no proof. That it was aliens no signs no tracks no nothing. So it couldnt have been aliens. This is how you know that it wasnt aliens who did this it is a natrual landform that is just there not one put it there. Has the face on mars been put there by alien? Well statments say that aliens have came and put this face on mars. Dont believe this because its slightly untrue because if you believe that aliens are real then of course your going to believe that aliens have came and put this face on mars. In my opinion aliens arent real and they didnt put this face on mars why cant people do research just to figure out if aliens are capable of doing these things. I honestly dont think that aliens would do this. just because i actually dont believe that they are real. So thats why im here to change anyones opinion about this face on mars. If it were aliens couldnt there have been some type of markings somewhere some how because if you think about it aliens can leave tracks too so if there wernt any trackings on the seen then aliens couldnt have done it. So with that being siad there were no aliens there to put this face on mars i mean for you to think that it was aliens wouldnt you have to have proof that it was aliens or some evidence. Anything to prove that it was aliens but for now we can only say that it wasnt aliens who do this because no one has no proof. That it was aliens no signs no tracks no nothing. So it couldnt have been aliens. This is how you know that it wasnt aliens who did this it is a natrual landform that is just there not one put it there.