Dear Mr Senator, whats the point in voting if our vote may not even count?

In the Electoral college people citizens vote for a slate of electors who then later go and vote for president. However, sometimes it doesnt work that way. The electors are not obligated to choose the president that the people want. The Electoral college is corrupt and needs to go away.

The people of America dont like the Electoral college and want something new. Stated in source 2, " Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanksto the quirks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent off voters would prefer a dirt election to the kind we have now." In short, people were so unhappy with the election and the way it ended. people would rather have direct voting than to continure with an Electoral college.

The Electors in the Electoral college arnt always innocent. They can lie, cheat, they go behind the backs of the states citizens and not  even vote for who the citizens want. In 1960, segregationists in the lousiana legislature tried to get rid of the democratic electors. They wanted to replace them with people who would oppose John F Kennedy. Sourse 2, number 11 says "In some vein, faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whoever they please..." This means that with an Electoral college, the person you want to vote for may not even get picked cause of lying electors.

Even though the electoral college is a pretty bad thing, there are still a few upsides. The Electoral college avoids te problem of neither candidates getting a majority of the votes. In sourse 3, number 22 (There is no pressure for run-offelections when no candidatewins a a majorityof the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by the electoral college, which invarable produces a clear winner...) Simply this says that without the electoral college voting can be difficult and stressful.

In conclusion, The Electoral college may not be the best thing for our society, and also can we even trust that our votes even matter? either the Electoral college cant be trusted and it needs to be gone for good, or something needs to change.    