Welll its going to be ah good beefit but in the same time it's a bad benefit to doing class in the house .

(03/10/2020).

The oportunity the not miss one class and be in you house is the best thing the can happen to one school students, this benefist the school and the students beacuse they never going to miss one day of school and the homeworks and tests to. In the actually some kids miss the school for be sicks, some familiar pass away ,they in vacation and they not return in time to the country , they miss the bus school and they can't go to the school beacuse they not have car ,oh they wake up late. This is a benefit because they can learn about the class oh activity and not miss homework oh test and be prepare for the next class in the school, and be in his house relaxing and be in a safe place and always have ready you homework oh test to next class and its ah good benefits to the people ho its in the hospital and can go to the school for ah broken legh oh medical condition .

But not everething it's good about this idea some kids maybe oh actually they gonna stop going to the school and stay in his house and skiping the school. this its going to affect them beacuse they can't sociable with other people ,they can have ah computer oh in his house, they not have wife oh cellfone and other guys oh kids will skip the online class to and go play video games,and they parents are not gonna have idea about what his kid did oh do, and during the test they can copy using this class peapers oh using his fone to find out the answers. ( In my case i will always if they give me the opportunity to online classes i will always stay in my house relaxing in my bed when i listening the class ) but in the end this option of learn in his house have his good and bad bennefits (some school in the united states are not using this becuse they not have personal wedsites and can garanteed if the student are going to use this ) .

( I have one idea in how they can do this in ah good way. The students ho miss the school need to call the school and inform why they not going to the school and need the have a parent in his house, then they send them the link of the online class and notify the parent if they are doing work, oh they are skiping the online classes, and they can have ah limet time of online classes so they can be focus to his work and doit on time and when they are doing ah test they doing the test in a video coferincing with one teacher if they and not chating oh copy during the test. ).

My personal opinion:

In my opinion its ah good offer becouse sometimes i miss the school bus and i can't go to the school becuse i not have ah car and i always miss the class,homework and tests, and this can be help me a lot to have all the work in time and be prepare for the next day of school and be ready take the class oh to take one test .

one sad fact:

In the intere world some kids can have this oportunity to have online classes in some countries around the world they not have the tecnology to do that so if they miss the school one its like they are missing one day of his life and fact even they are kids ho not are going to the school bacuse the parents not have money to send them to the school ( yep in some countries the education cost money and they not have free schools like united states ) and they have to work in one short age to help his family in my country was like this thaks to good i was alow to go to the school thanks to my mother and come her to the united states so when i come to the school her in united states and i hear students said i hate the school and i wanna be in home i remember my country and i said thanks to this country for give me free education (even in her they do video school conferencing to the people ho not coming to the school and i said wow , Even they do that for the students, and the students are doing protest to have more off days so what i try to said is always thanks to you parents for the education they are give to you and thaks always to you country to give you free education to you can be some one in you future and have a nice work and never ask why i not have this. and always think some in around the world not have the stuff the you have and always thanks to GOD for the stuff you have ( I always do that wen i wake up).

Extra fact:

In some countries i the world like China,South Korea,Russia... etc, the education in vidio its ilegaly in all school this is bacuse they think the education its have to be like the oll days paepar pencil and uniform (some schools in united states more in the private schools) and they not use laptops to do classes the have to read every single book and the attendence its obligatory what i read if you miss the school in that countries they punch you in the hands with one metal stinck ( like in some countries in south america) and the leave detention in the school and you have to writte in 10 oh 20 pages the i have to come to the school every day . sometimes they stay in the school all day bacuese they need study for ah test. I some countries ( South Korea ) its elegal have computers and cellphones in the school . in south america yeah they can cellphones and laptops in the schools but the problem its the internet so many people have to steall the wife to his neighbord.