Imagine a lost, confused version of yourself. Perhaps it's an essay, a project, or a personal situation that has you conflicted. You have no idea what to do or what to think of. You are stuck. The first thing that pops into your head is to consult your peers, but not just one. Asking for advice from more than one person has many upsides. You can see what others think of your situation, there can be many different thoughts. Someone may suggest a better idea to you than others, and most importantly, it is always beneficial for you to consider a different perspective.

Seeing what others think of your situation is extremely important, it's a no-brainer. There could be multiple ideas that you didn't even think of before. For example, if you had a ton of homework, there are many different things that people could suggest. Do the hardest things first, do the easiest things first, or just wait until the next day to complete it all. They all have different opinions, but you can get it all from just asking multiple people for advice.

However, some people may have better ideas than others. Not all advice given is automatically good. Let's say, for example, you are planning to redecorate your bedroom. Someone offers a neon-yellow pillow for your chair. You think to yourself, no way . Someone else tells you to hang up squares cut out from cardboard around the border of the entrance. You think, huh, that's not such a bad idea , until you ask one more person. They suggest that you declutter your shelf and invest in new curtains for a clean and bright look. Brilliant! The third suggestion is far better than the rest.

Lastly, it is crucial that you consider a different perspective other than your own. Consulting others for advice can help you do that. Perhaps your situation isn't as horrible as you thought, maybe it could be easily fixed and dealt with. People other than yourself can help you see the good things in bad situations. You could have this sense of relief from just consulting someone for their opinion. Simple as that!

Asking more than one person for advice is critical. You can see what others think, receive many different opinions that are better than the others, and view your dilemma in a new perspective. After all of that, your situation could seem easier to understand and not so terrible as you thought. Asking just one person for their thoughts is a mistake, do not forget to ask another!