Students go through a stressful school year with plenty of assignments, projects, and homework. Therefore when summer comes around summer projects should be student-designed because students would still be able to enjoy their summer with a project of their choosing, students will be able to display their creativity in their project, and students will finally be able to design their project after a school year of teacher-designed projects.

Summer projects should be student-designed because students would still be able to enjoy their summer with a project of their choosing. Students could enjoy their summer with this project because they are doing something they're passionate about. This will benefit students because they tend to put more effort into something they want to do. Also for students doing something they want to do, they strive to succeed and they'll choose something that they're comfortable with. In addition students could still enjoy their summer because of the stress it takes off of the student for them not having to go out of their comfort zone to complete another project subject that they have no clue about. The stress taken off students for the summer is beneficial because it gives them an energetic start to the next school year.

In addition summer projects should be student-designed because students will be able to display their creativity in their project. A student-designed project allows a student to show their creativity because they're making it their own. For example a teacher-designed project could be about the ocean and each students work will be very similar because they're all talking about the ocean, but with a student-designed project it will display the difference between each student within the school. Also students being able to express their creativity allows each student to be their own. This benefits the school and the students in it for it could create bonds between students that share the same likes and dislikes, let the teacher and adults get to know more about the students, and helps shape the diversity within the school.

Finally summer projects should be student-designed because students will finally be able to design their project after a school year of teacher-designed projects. This would be enjoyable for students because they get tired of completing assignments and projects that have nothing to do with their life or what they like. So for once a student-designed project would allow the student to finally do what they've wanted to do. In addition it will limit the amount of research and the extra work that goes into doing something that you're not familiar with, which leads to peaceful learning and a peaceful summer. With limited extra work and limited research it may make one think that they're not really learning, but they are and it teaches students a different skill when they're designing the project.

In conclusion it would be beneficial to both students and teachers if summer projects were student-designed because it will remain that students still have an exciting summer while being creative and finally being able to do a student-designed project. So therefore during the summer the only projects that are given should be student-designed so that it will remain intact for students to have a stress free summer for while they're still completing academic activity.                      