In the story making mona lisa smile the author talked about some very intersting new technolgy for computers. the new technolgy can tell if someone is happy or sad. the new technolgy would be very valuable for school class rooms in this day and age. there are alout of ways that the new technolgy could help both studnts and teachers. the main things that are inportant are in paragrapgh six and also paragraph nine.

The resone paragraph six is very helpful it talkes about how the new computer technolgy can tell if a student is becoming confused or bored or also if the student needs help. the way it can help students is by making the lession less or also giving more exampls to help the students understand. also as a student this would help alout since some students are kinda shy when it comes to school.

there are not alout of students that like to ask for help. the resone some students dont like to ask for help is becuse they may not know what or how to ask the qustion or if they need help. this is where the new technolygy can come into play. this can get the student help or also make the lesson shorter.

The resone paragraph nine is so important is that is talkes about the diffrent emotion adds can make us as humans fill. it also talks about the difrrent adss that can be shown.

lets say if it sees that your sad it will show you a funny add to make you happy.

that is one resone that it can tell if your happy or sad. this would also make alout of people have a good day if they didnt have the best day to start out with. that is how the new technolgy can help and also make people have a better day.

This new technolgy should be on all school computers. the resone why it should be on all school computers is that this could make the students in the schools better at learning and also happy. that is why this is a possitive and also very helpful system to have on computers.

this would help the shy satudents that dont like to show emotions or also that dont like to ask qustions.

so lets put this new computer technolgy to work and lets put it on every school computer. 