Is being home school a efficient way of learning or is it an excuse for sleeping in more? Would it be more beneficial to have school online? Most student don't come to school nowadays and they rather stay home and not doing anything. The numbers of student attending school have decrease by a enormous amount. Have an online school/classes would beneficial to many students.

Have school provide online classes can help a lot of student who don't want to wake up in the morning. Most students and teachers have to wake up really early just to do to school. While some don't have to wake up early. If school had online course then students and teachers don't have to wake up early and worried if they are late. Another reason why school have online course is that it would reduce the amount of paper. Most teachers tell their students to recycle their paper if they don't need it anymore. Most of the student will not hear or ignore what the teacher had said and they throw the paper away into the trash bin. One of the positive reason would be that more trees would be save and the usage of paper would reduce. Beside that reason ,it would make grading a lot more easier for teacher by having the online course do the grading for them. The amount of work the teacher would have would decrease rapidly for them. Make them have more time to plan for the next class or have more time for them self.

Sometime using technology can be a bad thing as well. Many of the thing we do at school can help us in the real world. One of the thing that school help us with is social skills. When people use their electronics they are not interacting with other by face to face. Which reduce the social interaction with other people. School is environment that help student build up their skill so when it time to pick a collage or it time to have a job ,they will know what to do and they don't have to get nervous or anxious about how their interview was or if they got in to the collage. Another reason why school help is that some student many not have the money to own an electronic or many have really bad connection to the internet. In school, student don't have to worried about not having an electronic or if they have bad internet. The school can provide a students with paper so they can do their work at school and at home. The third reason is the student not doing the program at all. Most student will do the program ,but there will always be student who don't do the program. It nature that there will be some students that won't do the program at all ,but that is the chose of the student if they don't want their education.

The chose on have online course can go both way ,it depend on the on problem if most student and teacher complain about wake up to early and not having enough time to get every ready. In my opinion it depend on the situation the school is having ,if it the only way to have to have student to do their work and get everything done then go for it. There is no good or bad option for this. It's all on the situation on hand. Both thing have there goods and there bad ,but it is up for these school departments to know if it will help the student or make it worse than it was already.

In conclusion ,it would be beneficial for the school if they had online course for the student but sometime can't be a good thing. It depend on the situation the school is having. If it the only option to have online course then go for it ,but if their is there no problem at the school then let the student go to school and build up their skills for real life situation in case they don't know what to do.