Phones & Driving

Should you be using your phone while driving a vehicle?

I'll tell you reasons why you shouldn't use your phone while driving. Then, I'll explain to you what can happen to you if you use your phone while driving a vehicle. Afterward, I'll tell you the kinds of consequence you can receive from the situation. Finally, I'll give you examples of why it's a bad idea of using your phone while driving.

Should you be using your cellular device while driving a vehicle? In my opinion you shouldn't use your phone while driving. You shouldn't use it because you can get distracted easily. Never know what can happen you might pass a red light and cause an accident. Phones shouldn't be use for texting nor calling but you can use it to get somewhere. In case you don't know where it is you can use your gps but that's it.

Reasons why you shouldn't use your cellphone. To begin with it's against the law to text and drive. Secondly, you can cause an accident you never know what can happen when you don't pay attention. You might pass a light or someone might be crossing the street and you won't be able to see that person. You're putting others people life in danger.

In this paragraph I'll tell you about the type of consequence you can get. It is illegal to use your phone while driving. You can receive a monetary fine which can range from $20 up to $500 depending on the state. Also can be charge as a criminal charge. In some states using your phone or texting while driving can be a result in criminal misdemeanor charges. Lastly, you can be in jail or prison time if your injury another driver or another human.

Example why you shouldn't use your phone. First thing first you can cause an accident. You put your life in danger and other people's life in danger. You assume that you will have it under control but you never know what can happen any second. Also you might hit another car or pass a red light. These are reasons why not to use your phone. You can take an innocent person life and if you survive you will have pain inside you.

Finally, I believe you shouldn't use your phone is for the best. If you don't you don't have any risk on putting people life in danger. Everyone would be safe and no accidents would occur. Phones shouldn't even belong on your hand while driving. Unless you need it to get somewhere.                            