Dear Senator,

I am astudent from Lakewood Ranch High School in Bradenton. I have recently been informed about wanting to make certain changes to the election process. I am not of an age to vote, yet I am informed about how the election process works and the role the electorial college plays withing it.

The electoral college is a proces, not a place, which consists of 538 electors. During this process the public casts their vote for their favorite candidate. The votes are added up in each state and whichever candidate has got the most votes is for whom the state's representatives will vote towards. Each state's number of representatives is determined acoording to polpulation with California having the most electorial votes at 55. Electors can change their votes for whomever they'd like, yet it is highly unlikeley. In order for a candidate to win an election he or she must obtain 270 votes out of 538.

Some may argue that the people's votes don't necessarily influence the outcome of the election since electors can still change for whom they vote for, so they request that the popular vote  determine who becomes president. This idea implies that all eligible citizens in the U.S.  to vote in the election when truth being over half of the nationwide population does not cast a vote, with the leading cause being apathy. Also it is implied that all citizens are informed about who they  vote for. During a presidential campaign, a political party will put most of their efforts in "swing states", these are the states with the most electors. This means that people from smaller states will recieve little or no information about the candidates causing the citizens to cast a blind vote.

The main reason of why the electorial campaign should determine who wins instead of the popular vote is the public can be too easily influenced. If a particular candidate is preferred in certain areas, the population in or around that area might be influenced to vote for that individual. Also people can be peer-pressured into voting for someone they might not agree with.

In my opinion the U.S. population is not ready for that kind of responsability. The electoral college was established to help the election proces run smoothly and it has worked for decades without any major flukes or flaws. So why change now?    