I want to change the election by popular votes instead of the Electoral College because even if the president gets popular votes, it wouldn't matter anyway. They will have to vote the president by using the Electoral College. It wouldn't be fair because "Most states have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate." That means if the president gets the most popular votes, it won't matter.

Back then, presidents wouldn't accept the Electoral College. "What have Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on? Answer: Abolishing the electoral college!" They all thought that it wouldn't be fair if the popular votes wouldn't count and the Electoral College has its defenders. The thing that's wrong with the Electoral College is because "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." So if someone were to vote for a president, they would be voting for a slate of the 34 Democratic electors. After that, they pledged it on the president that they voted for.

"At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters." It's because of the winner-take-all system that happens also on each state. So candidates think they know they aren't going to win and never spend time on other states as well. People also think that the Electoral College is unfair because they never get to see the candidates and they won't know who they're going to vote. People only relied on Bob Dole. His goal was to "Abolish the electoral college!"

When people also vote for a presdential canidate they actually vote for the slate of electors. Which was why Gore had more popular votes than Bush, yet he had fewer electoral votes. But there is one way to settle a dispute of the outcome of an Electoral College vote. "it happened in 2000-but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote." The Electoral College also has a presidential candidate to have a trans-regional appeal but has enough electoral votes to vote for president.

So now we all know how the Electoral College is unfair. Because of the constant votes that don't matter at all yet they always make sure to vote that president and all of the popular votes wouldn't matter. That's why I want to change to popular votes than the Electoral College does. All we need to do is work together to over come the Electoral College so the votes can be fair and we would want to vote for the president that we want.    