If I were to choose between keeping the electoral college or abolishing it, I would chose for abolishing it. The electoral college has a system that can be considered confusing to most americans. This system indirectly transfers citizen's votes to congress. This allows for loopholes and sabaotage to be commited during the process of electing a president.

I propose abolishing the electoral college and replacing it with a simpler system that appeals to all united states citizens instead of just certain citizens. Based on phrases in the passage, there is evidence that the electoral college system is corrupt. An example would be:

Back in 1960. segregationalists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in relpacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. (So that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy.)

-source 2, second paragraph.

This is stating that in 1960 people who opposed Kennedy nearly became his electors. So if they succeeded in becoming his electors his votes would have gone to another opposing candidate. This could not happen with a system of voting that directly conected everyones votes with congress. This was a clear case of sabotage in the election of 1960.

Votes in larger states and smaller states are balanced out so the number of votes would not be based on the number of people in the states. This can be seen as a way to make sure that state votes did not compare to the population of said states. In reality it is limiting the votes of citizens. If people ignored how larger states had more people than smaller states and just thought of everyone as individuals everyone would have a say. The system I am proposing does not view states as the voters, but every american citizen as one. After everyone passed their votes, they would all be tallied and which ever candidate had the most votes would win.

You may think that the votes could be sabotaged, and that politicians could put in fake votes and get rid of real ones. This problem could be dealt with by maximized security. There would be videocameras wherever the votes could be swaped.

I propose this system to ensure that every citizen has a vote, and that corruption while transitioning the votes would be eliminated. This would be a less confusing system that could make voting more efficient.            