In the life today, education is important for people, and an options of choosing school or places to learn are also make people thinking. From what I heard on the news, some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. But, is it truly helpful for student? or it is just the way to comfort student, so they can stay home and do whatever you want to do without the administer from the teacher.

First, when we talking about schools, we are also talking about our future, this is really important more than anything. If we come to school everyday we will get a punch of information and ideas for our self, we could meet other people, contact with them and make friends. In that way, you will never feel stressful or stuck instead of staying home and do your own work.

Second, even though school are welcome you to come, but somehow the weather, the distance or something about personal that make you not able to come to schools, and the better options for you that are stay at home and learning from online or conferencing. For me, if I have a chance to choose between two options, I will choose to be in class, not attend classes from home, even though something will clog me, I will still want to come to schools. For example, if I spend in schools I could know a lot of things than I stay and take classes at home, I will meet my friends and my teacher everyday, we will discus about stuff at school, joining some club to reduce stressful after schools. And if you decide to take classes online, it is not bad, but for me it is not helpful. You better to go to school, you have to contact with other people, having conversation and discus with each other. You have the right to choose your own options. But be active, don't be passive.

Third, dispose your time is the best way to live. If you can walk, you able to go to schools, so the option attend classes at home is not for you to choose, it is not benefit for you, I am just agree with the people who not able to move or stuck of something about personal to take classes at home, in that way, they can get information and study like other people. So I think that is fair for everyone, don't just give student an option like that and it will turning them to be lazy, busy working or don't have enough time in schools. If necessary, student can take online after schools to complete anything they miss.

Finally, I think we should put the option about the classes online for only the people who are not able to go any where, not for normal people. In that way we can balance between these two, and every student can study in the better way.

In conclusion, benefit or not benefit are depend on you, for me the option to take classes at home is not benefit, because I always want to come to schools everyday to get experience for myself, to get new things and meet new people. And you should go that way like me, we young and we hold our future in our hand, don't just stay passive. 