In the first photo it looks like it is a human face but when it goes to the second photo it look sbasically like nothing. Maybe just like a cloud but nothing really then when it goes to the last photo it looks like it is a hard object but it has cracks in it. In the story it says " Twenty five years ago something funny happened around Mars." it says that something funny happened. It did not happen on purpose so we do not know if it was an alien or another creature.

They thought that it was a Martin mesa but it was common for that to happen around Cydonia. The "Face" had an unusal shadow on it like it was made to look like an Egyptian Pharoh. It only loooked like that in the first photo not the second or third. When NASA took photos of the face and put them on the internet everyone basically freaked out because they thought it was a sign for alien life. It could be but there can be many other reasons why it looks like a face. They say that it could be just a natural landform but many people like to think that "oh it is not it is a sign of alien life".

The caption on the photo when they posted it on the internet was "Huge rock formation...Which resembles a human head... formed by sadow giving illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth.". That was a go getter for attention it looks like they just want to get attention so they can scare people like a lot of people do. It was a good way to engage the public but it was also a bad way of getting their attention. It was bad because a lot of people can get scared because of something they hear and this story did not seem really believeable. A lot of people will believe anything they see on the internet it bacisally does not matter on what it is about they will just believe it.

"The Face on Mars" had became a pop icon it was on Hollywood films, in books, magazines, and radio talk shows. Also in the story it says "It once haunted a grocery store check out line for 25 years.". That is just crazy that peope will believe things like that ! Sometimes people just want to scare other people and tell them lies about anything. Some people think that the face is "bona fide" evidence of life on Mars. People say that NASA wants to hide every reason from them so they do not find out anything.

They just want to say conspiracy theorists and not tell the truth..... That could be true but in this case I do not think so. The people on NASA's side the denfenders of NASA thinks that NASA's budget wish that there was ancient civilaztion on Mars. If NASA tells people everything about "The Face" then people will just spend all their time getting worried about it and want more reasons on why that it is there.

Sometimes things like "The Face" can pop up and people just would not know how it happened and why it did happen. They thought that the photo just was not sharp enough to see it cleary. It showed that it just was a natural landform and there was no sign of an alien monument.

It was just a cloudly time of the year and the camera caught the wind blowing and the haze got in front of the photo. They went back on a cloudless summer day to see if they can get a better photo then before to see what it was.

It showed that it was a Martain equivelent of a butte or mesa. Landforms are common around the American West. It showed that it was a lava dome that takes a form of an isloted mesa about the same height as the face on Mars. It was never a sign that aliens were on Mars but aliens could be on Mars and we would of never knew but they took a photo on the wrong night so they had to go back and see it again. The whole alien story was very unbelieveable to me but people will believe in anything.