Summer is a time that both students and teachers tend to enjoy. It gives the students a chance to relax, and not worry about things such as homework, projects, quizzes, and tests. The teachers also get a chance to take a break from grading and assigning work. Yet, if students still had to do a summer project in order to keep learning over the summer, it should be student-designed because students tend to be busier over the summer with many different things, and the project should cater to their schedule.

During the school year, most students are very busy with school work, along with different activities such as jobs, sports, and school clubs. For the most students, summer is the only opportunity that they have to relax, or spend time with family and friends. Vacations and family events are usually panned to take place during the summer. And a school project could interfere with that precious time. The student should be the one to design the project in order for it to be flexible to their schedule.

Students designing their on projects would also be a great opportunity for teachers to get a break. Many teachers tend to spend hours on end coming up with lesson plans and grading work. Although teachers would still have to grade the project, the student would be taking a small work load off of the teacher by designing the summer project themselves, And, it could possibly educate the teacher on a different subject.

Giving students the benefit of designing the summer project could also let them be more creative =, and enjoy the task at hand. Most of the time when students have to do projects, it is based off of a subject that is being taught in school: Such as math, history, and science. Letting students be more creative could also allow them to integrate their summer project into their summer schedule. Such as calculating the total amount of hours they have worked, doing historic research on the family vacation spot, or counting how many steps was taken during a hike.

Some may argue that students would not be responsible enough to plan and execute the summer project. Though, there are students who do not do the appropriate amount of work throughout the school year, many students already handle great responsibilities in their life; such as babysitting a younger sibling, sports practices, and having a job to not only support themselves, but their families too.

As previously stated, summer is usually an important time for both students and teachers. Rather they use it to participate in activities, or family events. Or, relax and take a break from school and work. At the end of the day, a student's education is important to maintain. But, so is their time and schedules. That is why students should be the ones to design their own summer project. Along with the fact that it would lighten up a teachers work load so they as well could enjoy their time off.