Dear Principal,

Some say community service is a waste of time. Some disagree. i Believe that students shouldn't be required to do community service. I feel most should do community service and that it is better for the earth, but it should be their choice not someone else's.

Community service can be helpful in many ways. oneis a great help to the earth. It helps stop waste and pollution. It is safer for the world and its people. Without pollution the world and humans can go on living healthy lives and lifestyles. Not taking care of the world is not taking care of ourselves. The world could end as we know it because of pollution. It isn't safe.

Also, community service teaches valuable skills and lessons that one may need later on in life. It teaches how to clean up after yourself and after others, how NOT to litter, and respect towards others. If we do not learn this earlier in life we won't have the knowledge and care to do it later in life. Teaching this lesson about community service to children could cause a chain reaction. They could teach their friends the lesson, and they could even teach their children in the future.

Another reason community service is important is because it gets children out of the house and doing something active. Most students spend their time playing video games, or on the computer, or even watching television, and soon enough, it will become daily activities possibly for the rest of their lives. Kids can break away from the electronics and be outside getting fresh air in their systems. They could even meet new friends.

Doing community service cannot be forced upon someone. It should be their choice whether to perform community service or not. Just like a recipe. You can choose whether to put certain ingredients in the food you are making.

I think community service is a great idea, but not all may agree. Although it may stop pollution, teach life lessons, and break them away from brainwashing electronics, they should be able to make their own choices. Therefore, i feel doing community service should be optional.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME