To begin with, the electoral college process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president abd vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. The electoral college consist of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. Each candidate running for presisent in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen bt the candidate's political party.

In addition, the presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in november. You can help choose tour state's electors when you vote for predident.  Most states have a ''winner-take-all'' system however, Maine and Nebraska each have a variation of ''proportional representation.'' Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for president, but for a slate of electors, who in tuen elect the president. The single best argument aganist the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. It's like a hurricane for a presidental election. Prehaps the most worring is the prospect of a tie in thre electoral vot. In that case, the election would be thrown to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote on the president.

To futher inform, at the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates dont spen time in states because they no they have no chance of winning. it's like convincing pigs to vote for you. It's offical the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. It's hard to say this but Bob Doloe was right abolish the electoeal college!

The electoral college restores some of the weight in the politiccal balance that lage states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the senate decreed in the consition. The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recives a majority of the votes cast. It can be argued that he electoral college method of slecting for the presisent may turn off potential voters for a candidate. But athat single vote may decide that election!               