According to the author of the "Challenges of Exploring Venus," he believes that it is a good idea to pursue more knowledge of the planet Venus. The author feels that getting to know our sister planet is important, and that there are ways to explore this planet safely and effectivly. The author gives great examples of ways too explore the planet safely and effectivly, also he gives reasons why it would be beneficial.

Pursuing and expanding our knowledge of venus is beneficial in many ways and can be safely done. Venus having an average of 800 degrees fahrenheit on its surface, make's it virtually inhabitable to humans. These conditons are so extreme the author explains that "such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed too diving to the deepest parts of our oceans." Venus has very harsh conditions and it make's it virtually impossible to explore it from the surface and proposes a tough challenge on finding alternatives ways to explore it. Although, NASA has proposed an idea to explore the harsh planet. NASA believes we can explore the planet from a distance approximately 30 miles away. The author explains that the pressure would be comparable to sea level on earth, tempature would be around 170 degrees. The author states that "Not easy conditions but survivable for humans." The mission would propose great danger and it would be a expontential battle, but with the right people and technology it could be done and accomplished. The benefit is the knowledge gained from this great planet that has had the world beat for a long time, it is time to step up to the challenge and explore Venus for the people of this world.

In conclusion, the author supports the exploration of Venus, and is open to finding ways to explore this harsh planet. He believes that the knowledge we would gain from Venus would be very beneficial to the people. He believes that mankind has endured many other harsh endeavors such as the exploration of Venus, and the curosity of mankind will likely lead us to exploring the great hot planet of Venus. 