Extracurricular activities are fun. We can play sports after school, join different clubs, or play some games with other students. But we always get to choose what we want to do, right?

Mandatory participation in extracurricular activities is not good for students because they may not have time to stay after (jobs, other classes, homework, sports) , they might not be interested in any of the activities offered at school, and they lose the freedom to choose for themselves.

Students are quite busy people. They get homework from multiple classes, participate in sports or music classes, and they hangout with their friends and have fun being a teenager. Making students be forced to stay after school would not work for students who play sports and have practice, or students who have to help support their families with a job. Having them be forced to do an activity would take away time from other things that they need to do, or things that they want to do.

Everyone has different taste. Some people like to play basketball, some like to play hockey, some like to play football. Likewise, students all have different sets of skills and things that they enjoy. Some students may want to do something that is not offered at that school, yet they wouldn't be able to. It doesn't make sense that they should participate in something that they don't enjoy. If a person who does not like to play sports is forced to play an after school sport, that would unfair towards them. Or, if a person who only likes to draw has to take an extracurricular activity, what would they do if there isn't an art club? Making the students do something they would not like or they're not interested in is not very fair.

People are free to choose to do what they want, and everyone has that freedom. Making participation mandatory for extracurricular activities is impeding on the students right to choose for themselves. They learn in their classes that everyone has their rights, and taking them away is very unconstitutional, so it's ironic that their ability to have a choice is taken away from them. They don't have the freedom to choose if they want to participate anymore, which is unfair.

If we look on the other side of this argument, the point is that students should take extracurricular activities to better themselves. This actually makes sense, except that they should be required to do it. Mandatory participation in extracurricular activities is bad for students because the students may not have time, they might not be interested and they lose the ability to choose for themselves. It is important students that students have the right to choose so they know that there are always options. If students are forced to take extracurricular activites, they will become more disheartened, more weary and tired from balancing their social and academic lives along with sports and other classes, and wake up with less promise that they would have a good day. After all, we do need to nurture our students, as they are the future of the world, as the next generation.