Dear Florida State Senator,

The Electoral College needs to be disbanded. There are many reasons why the Electoral college needs to be stopped, but I will go over that later. How is it fair to Americans, if you say we have a vote that counts when we are just voting for a slate of people that might vote for someone we do not want. The voting process needs to be handled by the people, and who we want to run this country that we live in.

The voting process is just not fair to Americans. It's in the constitution that we have a right to vote and that we have the right to choose our president, but you people in the electoral college take away that right when we only get to vote for a slate of people. If elections were done by popular vote things might have been different in many ways. First off, in the 2000 election if it was done by popular vote, Bush would not have won and we would have had, Al Gore as president. The electoral college is just uncompletely fair to voters. Because, in some states they have a winner-take-all system, so the presidental candidates to spend time in those states to get their vote.  Seventeen States did not see the presidental candidates at all in 2000 campaign, so what is the point in having voting in those states if we dont know who we are voting for and why we are voting for them? There is not a reason to vote when the electoral college votes fore us.

Yes, sometimes people do not know what they are voting for and why, but that is because we have no say, it is not up to the people who is going to the president of the country of we live, because the electoral college will not let us choose who we want. Many people, very important people, such as Jimmy Carter, Richard Nixon, and the U.S Chamber of commerece have agreed that we should abolish the Electoral College and give the people the vote and see who wins president then. If the people had a vote  on who is president it would be very simplier, than the Electoral College when they have a tie, we would not have to bounce the decision, we could radomly choose one state and let them vote to see who the president is for 4 years. Yes, some may agrue that randomly choosing one state would somehow turn out to but a massive mistake, but there is a way to make sure that no state gets selected 2 times before the first time of any other state.

Many my agrue that, the Electoral college is there for our benefit. Tell me one benefit there is to having no vote as regular citizen. I get it that there are more people in some states than others, but that does not mean we all get the same number of electoral votes as the huge states such as, California, Florida, and Texas. So if we are not going to have the same votes number of votes no matter what why does it matter if we give the people the option and have them vote for who they want, it is because the Electoral College does not care who we want they choose the president on who they want. Also, if it is up to the Electoral College then why does it matter if the citizens vote, I mean of course we want to give our input of who we want, but it does not matter, because our state senators will go behind our back and vote for someone we do not want.

America, of course, has many more freedoms than other countries and we are not taking advantage of that, because we can not allow the people to vote for the President of the United States. The citizens do not want to vote for a slate of people, they want to vote for our president. So let me ask you as my Senator, what are you going to do about it?    