Imagine your principal creating an extra curricular activity assignment that you have to choose whether to be in a sport, yearbook comitee, or student council. I for one would be in love with this idea.

Extra curricular activities are fun, stress coping, and can improve life skills.

If I were to choose an activity it would definitely be a sport.

Sports to me are just my life, they take time away from school and relieve so much stress.

I completely agree with the principals assignment and I would recommend to a lot of people that participating in an extra curricular activity would be a good thing.

Extra curricular activity relieve a lot of stress from school and give an extra hobby to participate in. Taking stress away from school is a very important to a students mind.

With to much stress students don't preform as well as they should because their mind is clouded by all the work they have to get done that they have for later.

Students with lots of stress their grades tend to drop because they cannot function, but with extra curricular activities they can get help and complete their missing work with the help of others. An extra curricular activity I would recommend to students with this problem is to stay after school and get help from a teacher.

Therefore after this session with your teacher you have completed your work and now some stress is gone.

With extra curricular activities students have the option of help and they can succeed by using this method.

Extra curricular activities can also be really fun.

Sports is a great extra curricular activity that is fun. With sports you can play with your friends and have fun. I play on a sports team and it is really fun because a lot of my friends are on the team causing sports to be more enjoyable to me, but what if you don't like sports. There are many extracurricular activities that are also fun. What I recommend is that you find something your good at and join or make a extra curricular activity about it. Extra curricular activities can be really fun or boring but if you get something out of it, than it has some type of meaning.

Life skills are an important need in life and extracurricular activities can help with that. Some extra curricular activities that you can make or find that can help with life skills is Baking,Sewing, and speaking a different language there are places near you that can help you with life skills.

An example of this is my mom participates in a cooking class down the street from my house and my dad participates in a foreign language class so when he travels for work he'll know how to speak in a foreign language and understand what people are saying there.

Extra curricular activities are there to help you with life skills too.

I completely agree with the principals assignment and I would recommend to a lot of people that participating in an extra curricular activity would be a good thing. Extra curricular activities are fun, stress coping, and can improve life skills. Extra curricular activities can make it easier to suite your personal needs and help you get work done.

Extra curricular activities can also be fun and interactive with other people. But the main thing to remember is that extracurricular activities are supposed to help with your needs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         