Have you ever been so uneasy with your choice that you've even question yourself or at the most ask some one else about it. For example you've ran into a question that you couldn't exactly make your mind up, so you go to a friend or a family member and ask for their advice. Well this all ties into asking others for their opinions or helping you make a better choice then what you originally going pick or decide to go with.

It's good to have multiple opinions, why? You may ask, because somethings need to be heard by other people who care and possible can lead you to the right direction from the choice that you were going to make in the first place. Some opinions can just out right be for entertainment purposes, it can also be for very important things that need to be taken very seriously like school, work places, and many more.

You should always seek another persons point of view or even advice because sometimes they may have a very valid point or a reasonable opinion. For example you just got a new book from Target, a lot of your friends have had the same book for a couple of months now and so has your mother. The first person you asked was your mother, you ask, "I've been wanting to read this new book for months and you're one of the best person to ask since you've just finished reading it." Your mother replies in a gloomy tone,"To be very honest with you, I did not enjoy the book that much. The plot was very confusing and I also didn't understand the theme of the book that well." The next day you go to school and you ask your best friend Generic_Name, " I need your opinion on the book

Drama that I just got." Generic_Name answered with excitement, "It was a very interesting book, i'd read it a million times if I could. Every detail in the book was absolutely amazing, the pictures that were apart of the comic were brightly colored and beautiful." During lunch you ask for friend Generic_Name how she felt about the book. She politely responded with, "I didn't find that book as interesting as many people did. It had beautiful pictures but other then that it was kind of boring to be honest with you."

I used that example because that is a slight way of how a real conversation would go if you really did need a opinion like that. Just be mindful that some people may say very ignorant things that have nothing to do with anything that you asked them about.      