" What have Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on? Answer: Abolishing the electoral college! Well i think otherwise. Electoral College is a process, not a place , which the election of the President is by a vote in Congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The Electoral College do consists of choosing the electors, reasons to keep the Electoral College method of choosing the president.

The start of the Electoral College is well handingly choosing the electors, which consists of 538 electors each of course must be qualified. Most of 270 electoral votes are required to elect the president. The number of members in its Congressional delegation is equal to the entitled allotment of electors in your state, one is for each member in the house of Representatives plus two for the Senators. For the purposes of Electoral College, Columbia District is allowed 3 electors and is treat like a state. and when i say "state" for this topic i mean the District of Columbia.

Well backed up reasons to keep the Electoral College method of choosing the president, A outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible, just look back at the year 2000 it was less likely then a come over the popular vote the Reason for that is the winning candidate's share of the Electioral College expanded his share of the popular vote. For example, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney.

"Electoral College is a process, not a place " each and every step of the Electoral college method comes out to be a well handed system. Its more then enough fairness included when choosing the Presisent and Vice President. Popular vote is more based on "winner-take-all" System thats awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate, unlike the Electoral College which is a process that consists of choosing the electors, reasons to keep the Electoral College method of choosing the president.    