Summer break is a time for relaxation but, sometimes schools may assign students projects over the break. Thoughts of whether projects should be student or teacher designed have been tossed around. Some students of course would choose to do projects of their own choosing. In my opinion projects should be teacher designed because there will be a higher chance of completion due to, a time frame, taking away pressure, and a quenching of students thirst for knowledge.

When it comes to any type of work there is a time frame in which it needs to be completed. When teachers assign students projects they are thought out and planned, if students are given the opportunity to design projects themselves especially over break there is the factor of procrastination. Teachers will assign students a project that is set in stone which will take away thoughts of changing the project over and over again which would lead to time loss. Teacher designed projects may not impact students summer break at all because, the student will know exactly what he or she has to do in order to complete project .

Teacher designed projects also take pressure off the students. Students may not know what kind of project will be worthy enough for a good grade and may second guess themselves. Some teachers have higher expectations for their students than others can which make some students feel pressured. Teacher designed projects will lower that feeling due to the fact students will not have to bend over backwards to create a project that will be enough to please his or her teacher.

People old and young have a thirst for knowledge students especially. Teachers may give students a project they know nothing about but the goal is for the student to keep learning while on break. When given a teacher designed project if the students have all the knowledge about the project, or not they will learn or discover new things. Projects require research which gives students the opportunity to discover tons of new information. Widening the students education and preparing them for next year. Student may pick an easy project that requires only prior knowledge which will keep them at same level of education they had before summer break. Which is why teacher designed projects will give students an opportunity to better themselves.

In conclusion, teacher designed projects are best for students. Some may argue that student designed projects will benifit the student more than a teacher designed project because of the chance of an easy grade. When a teacher designed project will give students the opprotunity to widen their knowledge. Teacher desigend projects make this possible by, giving a time frame, taking away pressure, and giving more knowledge to the student. 