to my opinion i think that we should not be practiceing to find out a eay if we could use a computure to read our emotional expressions. to my point of view as a student i woldnt like if s computure would look at me nd say oh shes feeling happy. because computers does not have a soul do when i hear that they should have computures to se if they can read emotions well i think thats is redundunt. now as they said in the story paragraph 3 sentence one, they can begin the process when the computure constructs a 3-D computure model f the face; all 44 major musclesin the modela must move like a human muscles. now in other words make a robot that looks exactly like a human and can do human things. i think that why are we trying to make robots to be like human do we serously want another thing on this planet that might ruin it even more. now some people believe that we should have robots to help us etc. but they also say what if they become evil and they go against us and take over the world and kill us all. i think that if they ever make robots and that were to happen then it was all planned because this bings me back to my point. robots dont have souls which means that they cant procces haterate in them. unless they were programed to feel hate but they are sensative so if they actually learn how scientist wants them to learn then i believe that they still wouldnt take over the world unless they were programed to. i think that if a student actually thinks that it would be nice to have the computure read your emotions and you could talk to it and stuff then i feel lik that would seperte our world even moe ut this time is seperate from eachother from our closest friends and family because they would become our friends and they will become our family. i think if you want to end bulling and family problems etc. then is still not a good idea. like i said this still leads to segragation within ourseleves. so if ou ask me do you think that we should make robots to read our emotions. i would just simply say no its to complicated and learn to comunicate with people to fix problems and dont try to be the ruler of evrything cause you will fail and if the world ends ill blame it on you.