Nine times out of ten children will get bad habits from not adding an extracurricular activity to their schedule.

Causing them to be lazy and end up with bad grades. Because when you add at least one or more extracurricular activity to your schedule, it can help you be more social, get ready for high school, and have a healthier schedule.

First, is being more social. When getting a new activity to do at the end of the day, you will end up with other people. Meeting different people is one of the ways to clear bad social habits. Because of the fact that they are in the same activity as you, some of them might have the same interests. This can cause you to have new friends, this will help you work with others. Working with others is a good factor when you have an extracurricular, and it's not as hard as opinions might think. Working with others has a bad side to it because of this you could get annoyed, but you can get use to it by building tolerance .

The second reason is, that it helps you get ready for high school. To get ready for high school you are going to need a good GPA score meaning you need a high grade if not higher. Getting an extra activity can help you if not guide you to the higher GPA. Sometimes the teachers will give you extra credit activities or let you finish work that you want to get done.

The third and final reason is building a healthy schedule. Building a healthy schedule is very important because it can effect what you do now and what you will do in the future. When you add something to your schedule it will help you be able to take hard and stressful tasks. This will help you when ever you dont have a lot of people around to help.

Now some people might say that it's "too hard","I just dont need it" , or " it takes too much time". But student will need this when they have nothing else to do or when they have bad grades and they need help. This counter argument dose not compute with what is needed.

If adding an extra curricular activity to a students time, then it will give them social skills, lead them to high school, and help build a healthy schedule. These are the main things that students need to be successful.