Presidential elections provides the United States of America with an opprotunity of unification. The process of choosing the next leader of the United States always brings the people of the country together knowing that all of them play a role in the election. This is present in the popular vote, a vote consisting of the general population. However, the popular vote is not always accurate, as anyone of any background can vote as long as they hold proper citzenship. The electoral college on the other hand, is a process that serves as a compromise between Congress and the rest of America. The fact of the matter is, the electoral college is beneficial to the presidential election because it unifies Congress and the people of America, and is part of the country's roots.

To begin with, the electoral college, more than anything, unifies the people. The electors were once, as everyone in the nation is, an average citizen. According to Bradford Plumer the electors chosen, "...depend on the state. Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidential candidates themselves." On top of that Bradford indentifies the electors as, "...anyone not holding a public office.". Bradford Plumer illustrates better than anyone that the electors chosen are average citizens who think the same as the rest of the general population while still keeping in mind that Congress must also be represented. Knowing this, the working-class people of America, and Congress can rest easy knowing that the electoral college process will make the decision that is best for the nation as a whole. This decision making, whether directly or indirectly, unifies the country. In 2012 more than three-fourths of the nation tuned in to watch the presidential election; in the end being one of the most watched televised elections in the country's history. This number includes Congressmen. This shows that the decision making process of the electoral college brings all the people of the nation together to decide on the choosing of the coutries next leader.

The general population, though average citizens, are somtimes not as qualified as Congress to make unbiased, beneficial decisions on behalf of the rest of the country. However, knowing that the next President could be a part of Congress, sometimes sways the decision in favor of a particular candidate. In this paradox of the qualification of Congress and the average citizen, the electoral college is used to fill the void. The electoral college has been used since the founding of the country. The founding fathers of America (George Washington, Ben Franklin, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, etc.)must have developed the electoral college process for some reason. According to the Office of the Federal Register, "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." More than anything the electoral college is a mutual and nuetral process that represents something inbetween the biased politics of Congress and the average citizen. The average working class person is the greatest example of American integrity. This person shows that in this great nation, if you set a goal and are willing to work to acheive that goal, it can be acheived. Why strip this moral that has represented the United States of America since its first years?

While there have been a few flaws in the electoral college throughout history, this decision making process still unifies the people of America and is still, most importantly, part of its roots. More than anything, the electoral college process represents the two sides of the country: Congress and the average working class citizen. So, rest easy knowing that the next election, there is a process between Congress and average working citizens that works to make the decision that is best for the people of this great nation, the United States of America.            