Does your school do summer assignments? Some teachers give summer assignments that require too much or take the whole summer to finish. This statement leaves you thinking, should students make the summer assignments or teachers? I believe it should be student-based assignments, one reason why is that these assignments would allow students to be creative in their own ways. My second reason is that if students make these assignments they can relate in so many different ways. Here is why these are my reasons.

Making these assignments student-based makes the students think of creative things to do. Critical thinking would be the number one outcome of these projects. Students shouldn't be allowed to make the assignments to easy because although they are student-based assignments, you will still have to think about how the teachers feel and what they think about it. Allowing these students to be creative with these assignments is a very good thing. They will be encouraged to think out-of-the-box. They will create fun things that teachers probably couldn't think of.

When creating these projects, students will be encouraged to work together. This will allow students to relate to each other, creating different ideas. Although, relating to each other when creating these projects is a great thing, some students will think otherwise. Some students will say that they enjoy the summer assignments that teachers give and don't want students to take that away. I personally don't like the summer assignments teachers give us because they require the whole summer to do. Kids like me want to have fun, not stay at home and read a book all day.

In conclusion, I strongly believe students should make these summer assignments, allowing us to critically thing and be creative. Teachers want to make you critically think but their assignments are boring and always the same. We need students to put a fun and interesting spin on summer assignments. Leaving us with a brain full of knowledge and power.