When you are seeking for advice, why do you often find yourself asking multiple people for their opinions? What is so beneficial about asking multiple people for their opinions on a topic they may not know much about? How does it help you make a better choice? I can answer that question for you.

When seeking for advice is can be about anything, family, friends or just general decision making. Let's come up with an example, Generic_Name was friends with a group of kids since childhood, she starts to lose touch with them and realizes how much she needed them in her life but she doesn't know how to approach them or talk to them anymore. she decides to ask her older brother for advice, he tells her that she shouldn't even try but if she really wanted to then she should

"just be straight up with them". Her brother only says this because he dislikes some of Generic_Name's friends and finds them annoying. She doesn't really like that idea so she decides to ask someone else for their opinion. The way everyone problem solves and views things is different, not everyone has the same mindset which is why its important to hear multiple point of views.

When someone knows less about a situation it is sometimes better because they see everything from an outside perspective creating a less bias opinion or neutral opinion. When you ask multiple different people for advice on one topic, you are searching for a general opinion/ idea or a pattern in what people have to say to then influence your decision. If you chose not hear from a few people one persons opinion may be bias and can heavily influence your decision in a good or bad way. Hearing many different sides can help you come to a better conclusion of your own because you can then weigh out the pros and cons of your situation. Everyone's point of view will be different like that of your 13 year old friend who is your age and knows you very personally or of your 72 year old grandmother. Your friend may know you well but your grandmother has lived longer as has possibly experienced the same things you are currently experiencing. Each has its own benefit and can help add onto your thought process.

You make better choices when you have the opportunity to properly think things through. In order to do that you have to give your self time. When talking to different people you are forcibly giving your self that time to process and think about what your next move will be. This gives you a clearer mind and opens up a better way of seeing things. After that like I have stated before, you can use other peoples opinions to build off of your own. It also imperative to look at all angles of your situation because you may not being seeing important factors that can help you problem solve that someone else may see.

In conclusion, there are many reasons as to why should always ask more than one person when seeking for advice on an issue. Not only will you be building your knowledge on how to deal with those kind of situations but you are also learning how to put together ideas to form your own. Asking multiple people will push you to think more and create a well thought out plan. You also learn not rely on one specific person just in case their opinion is bias when it comes to a certain topic. That is why I believe that seeking advice from multiple people can help you make a better choice.