Venus is the second planet from the sun and the closest planet to Earth, in terms of density and size. Studying Venus would be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers beacuse if anything would happen to Earth it would be the nearest option for a planetary visit, we would learn more about Venus and the planet's harsh conditions, and Venus is like Earth in multiple ways like being able to support life.

If anything would ever happen to Earth, Venus would be our closet option for a planetary visit. In paragraph two the text states,"Earth, Venus,and Mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds. These differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus." This piece of text from the passage shows that if anything were to happen to Earth, Venus would be our closet option for a planetary visit because Venus is one of our planetary neighbors and closet to Earth at times.

Secondly, we should continue studying Venus because it will allow us to learn more about Venus and the planet's harsh conditions. In paragraph three the text illustrates,"On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." This piece of text from paragraph three shows that we should continue studying Venus because it will allow us to learn more about the plant's harsh conditions and we would be able to see what materials could or couldn't work in such extreme heat.

Finally, Venus is the planet that is most like Earth and use to have to ability to support life. In paragraph four the passage states,"Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This piece of text from paragraph four shows that Venus is the planet most like Earth and had the ability to support life because it use to be covered in oceans.

In summary, we should continue studying the planet Venus despite the dangers because if anything were to happen to our planet, Earth, Venus would be the closest planet we could go to, we could learn more about Venus and the planet's harsh conditions, and because Venus is most like Earth and had the ability to support life. Furthering our research on Venus can only benefit us, so lets stop worrying about the dangers and get out and explore our planetary neighbor.