To state senator : from :anonymous ....

I have an arguement in between keeping the Electoral college process or changing to election by popular vote for the U.S president. I debate on the behalf of Electoral college because,I think with the popular voting process way the only people who vote for you takes favor in you,which means if more people like you then the more votes you'll recieve,therefore you'll have a better shot of winning.....The reason I wrote this letter is to show you whether or not to keep the electoral process or dump it out and use the popular vote. Me personally think it's fine just the way it is,why because "I think the electoral process is a better solution because,the voting would not be based on just popularity but also on who's going to be better at what they do,or the person who's going to make the positive choices[desicions].There are so many positive things on why to keep the electoral process and I also make room for the errors of it so dont think im on a one man train,because im not. The electoral college consists of 538 electors which means a majority of 270 electoral votes are required to elect the president. Which ever state's entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its congressional delegation:which also means one for each member in the

H.O.R plus two for your senators...Most state's just have a winner take all...theres also some things thats wrong with the electoral college...1 : is that under the electoral college system,voters vote not for the president,but for a slate of electors, [Example]if you lived right in texas,and wanted to vote for (John) kerry,you'd vote for a slate of 34 Domocratic electors pledged to kerry. How ever the also are some great things on why we should keep the electoral college one is because,its is not liberal or conservative.

The electoral college requires a presidential candidate to have a transregional appeal.

With the popular vote system,theres not much consisderation tooken in on what should really be done. No matter on how it goes,I say we keep the electoral college system.....

sincerly>me    