Imagine a world where you get out of bed. Fix your self or your child something to eat, Get ready and walk out of the door. Only not to a car that you youself will be drivin, but a car that will drive you any where you want it too.

The problem that I have with driverless cars is, that I believe it's another way for humans to be lazy. In todays world we have machines to vacum our floor, and wash our dishes. Now we want cars to drive us places? The world is getting lazy. America is one of the countries with the highest obesity rate, now driving a car has nothing to do with your weight, but it has something to do with your mind. When driving a car you have to be alert. Not only for yourself but for others around you. When I drive my mother always tells me to watch myself and the people around me, because you may be paying attention, but others might not be. When growing up getting and driving a car at 16 is almost every teenagers dream, but how will the future teenagers of the world get that experience if we have driverless vehicles? When I got my license it was a feeling of accomplishment. I had read that long drivers manual forover a month and when I took both of those test I was ready, but with a driverless car will a person even get that feelling? Will they even need a license or even a car of their own?

Now I get what the article says about driverless cars use less fuel than a normal one, and "Driving fun in a new way".

Having a driverless car would be pretty cool. Getting into a car and typing in where you want to go and the car just taking you there. Or just telling it what to do due to voice actiivation. But, is driving suppose to be fun? Or a way to get to one place or another. If driving was fun it wouldn't be safe. People would be drag racing throughout the city causing chaos and getting into serious damage.

Moving into a world where technology is becoming more and more relevant is good, but driverless cars..Not so much. It was very innovative,and futuristic, but in my opinion a waste of money, time, and space. 