Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Although people say they don't have the time to do community service, that is just an excuse for not wanting to do some work for our community. You should definitely take action and have SCHOOL_NAME students do community service work, at least a few hours a week, so SCHOOL_NAME, and SCHOOL_NAME can become a much better community.

The students here at SCHOOL_NAME are definitely capable of working hard. They do it every day at school, and even at home. So there is absolutely no excuse they can say, that can keep them from doing some work for our community. Some excuses might be, " I have too much homework to do after school", or " I already participate in many after school activities, isn't that enough"?

There are even many more excuses made than that. If they want to make excuses, maybe you could have them do a couple more hours of work. And for the

Because students are fully capable of doing good for their community.

Since you are principal of our school, you do a lot of things for SCHOOL_NAME, like giving the students a safe learning facility. The students can at least also do the same as you, because we then will not only be giving back to Wauwatosa, we would also be giving back to you. We can do any kind of jobs, that kids are capable of, anyways. For example, we can rake the leaves in fall, or shovel driveways for our neighbors. We could even collect canned goods for the hungry and poor. We can do little and big things, but still give back to you, and give back to Wauwatosa.

If you make SCHOOL_NAME students perform community service, I can guarantee that not only SCHOOL_NAME, but our school will be a much better place. The students will not be as rowdy, and more kids will pick up trash laying on the floor in hallways. For example, when a student drops something, more students will take action to return it to them. Or if they see garbage, they will pick it up. But this won't just happen on school grounds, it will happen all over our community of SCHOOL_NAME.