People shouldn't be using cell phones while driving, because driving is really important and there are multiple things that can happen while driving that are bad.

In the .U.S. every year is 6 million. More than 90 people die in car accidents everyday. All they will have to do is just stay off the phone and save their life's. I know everyone loves their phone because I love mines too.

I understand sometimes it could be an emergency but still at the same time, that's why you just turn your emergency lights on. When you learn how to drive, the people tell you that at all times keep your eyes on the road at all times. If you don't pay attention to the road you can cause yourself and someone else to die.

It's an increased risk of crashing. While driving your usage might be banned so you won't be able to use your phone while driving.

Please drivers keep your eyes on the road and off the phones. Like for example you can last 30 minutes without being on the phone. Cell phone use while driving has become a leading cause of vehicle crashes over the last two decades. Drivers are distracted, decreasing the driver's awareness on the road, leading to more car crashes. It's extremely dangerous in horrified accidents.

Everyone wants to be free and safe and not have to go through court and the hospital.

Teens are only supposed to be on the devices a certain amount of time and this goes for teens and adult that drive.

Also you can get in a car accident by having a lot of people in the car and loud music those are called distractions and then on top of that, that's like the quicks way to get a ticket. There are so many ways to lose your life in just a little amount of time. You can be in the car and your and you can be horse playing and you looking back them a car can run into your car then all of you and your friends are dead. This is like something everyone who got their licenses should know, because they had to pass the test to get their licenses.

To conclude, Just to know, everyone be safe because nobody needs to try to end their life too soon and easily. Keep your phones off and pay attention to the road at all times . Ignore all distractions most difficulty and everything will be okay and great. Driving is very serious at any times. People who can't really see don't need to be driving at night that's not safe either .               