Imagine you are a scientist at NASA sicussing the face withsomeone who thinks it was created by alliens. Well we all know that alliens are not real it has been provin many time by other scients. I would unerstand why people would think it was created by these myth cretures, but u also got to think about how land andother things can form tier self in to living fetures like for some exsample. On an sunny day you look outside and u see some clouds and you stare at it for a while. Than all the sudden u see faceses and animals that you reconginize. Like one day I saw a little dolphine in the sky and I got the thinking theirs no wasy their could be a dolphine in the sky. So thats like me saying that thiers a man shaped face on mars tat could have been civilisation on the planet of mars, but dont think wrong i believe that its possabel for people on earth to actual live on that, because theirs other scientists that has proven that to most people and their starting to recrute peopole to actual go to mars. Also their for in the passage it saids it was a huge rock formation like come on now we know a real life humae face is not as huge for it to be spotted from face. Also on mars their is a lot of diffrent shape and sizes and holes like in the moon so its just do univers doing what it does best to form diffrent imagies and diffrent shapes like the was it formed earth and broke diffrent things apart and also land. If u also look in the passage at paragraph 12 it saids in the first sentence that. What the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa----LANDFORMS common around the american west. to also make people intrested in the artical the put a. Huge rock formation from mars so theri for their also saying it was made from these mythical cretures called. Alliens and why would alliens want to make a human face in the first pllace if you think about it it actually make sense. For them just to attract people to a new land form that they have found that has a more like humans fetures. So thats why i say that alliens did not make that image or a landform human like image on mars. So thats what i was a scientist at NSAS discussing the face with someone who thinks it was alliens that formed a human like imagie on mars.