Dear Senator,

I believe that voting for the President of the United States should be based on the present idea of the Electoral College. There are many elements that play into the reasoning for this. The Electoral College is a process developed by the makers of the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. It consists of 538 electors with each state holding a certain amout of these electors based on the population of that state. Candidates try to gain the vote of electors focusing on larger states with more electors. It was something created by the makers and founding fathers of the Constitution and something so important should not be changed.

Presidential candidates focus on gaining the majority vote of large states in order to obtain more electors. A large state such as California containing over 35 million voters should have as much of a say in electing a president as a small state like Wyoming only containing 500,000 voters. The Electoral College makes sure that the "majority" of voters doesn't decide an election and everyone has a say. The "winner takes all" system evens out the playing field for all those little states who want just as much of a say in determining a new president as a large one does. The idea of a Electoral College adds a sense of competition persuading a candidate to influence states with a high number of electoral votes making the race for interesting. Swing states are a huge deal in this process for they mainly decide the election with the ability to change an election in a heartbeat.

If a majority voting system was incorporated into the election system instead of the Electoral College the process would become much more complicated than it already is. Voters should be able to vote not just for a new president but for a slate of electors who aid in electing the president.. These electors are appointed to represent the people in choosing the candidate of their choice who they feel is best suited for the position. Many people against the Electoral College argue that the system is not acceptable because of the possibility of a tie due to the even number of electoral votes. This reasoning is highly probably and has never happened before.                          