Dear principal ,

Community service means to make your community a better place then it was before! I think all schools should have a community service program. I mean would you want some people come from china and "say o man this place is a dump lets get out of here ?" Cause i know i wouldn't! Just think if you ever went and did some community service everyone would like you for cleaning the community ! If i had community service i would need some help !

So go out and encourage a friend or two , and tell them what it would be like ! Yes it would take some time out of your life, but its for a good cause ! Homeless People do community service and they don't even have a home to go to after word ! But if your worried about what other people or even friends think of you then obviously their not a true friend ! A true friend would go out and be by your side helping to make Yours and others a better community !

Even if your community service is only at school that's okay too, teachers always need help at school !! You can baby sit some kids, clean up litter , tutor some little kids n elementary school , ! See community service isn't all about cleaning or picking up trash its about doing something different You can recycle , you can throw and separate your trash into different trash cans to help the economic!

Just the other day i was with a friend and his grandmother, and we were in the car driving down the road and the next thing i know , someone's car breaks down in the middle of the street and we help them! It was a woman and her son and she just picked up her son from school , and we had to push their car back to a store and we took them home !

yes it was tough to push a car but as soon as we started pushing all together we finally got it to start moving and after we started to get it to move more people came and helped after everyone started to help ,it was like a piece of cake After that day i was excited to help someone out their that needed help !

So go out their help someone you know that needs help or even maybe clean your yard up?

If you ask some friend to help i am sure enough that they will go and help you out ! Well , what are you waiting on ? Go!

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME