Phones and Driving

Drivers should not be able to have the use of a cellphone while conducting a vehicle. People die every day in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving. Each year over 330,000 accidents happen due to being distracted over a phone. Studies show that a cell phone puts drivers at a four time greater risk. Although many people support using cell phones while driving, there are evidences and studies showing that the use of a cell phone while conducting a vehicle is dangerous and people should avoid using them while driving.

When driving, sometimes it is difficult to focus on the road, which makes it easy to forget that everyone else shares the roads as well. Many cannot focus fully on the road and the other vehicles, if one keeps talking on phone consistently while driving. This is what leads to fatal accidents. People may think they can multitask while conducting a vehicle and using their cellular devices but in reality that is not the case. Studies show that no matter how concentrated you may think you are, you cause an accident. Whether it's you hitting something small, making others get into an accident, or yourself hitting another car.

Hands-free phones are just as disturbing as holding a phone. They both serve the same purpose when it comes to distracting the driver from the road. Although hands-free devices do not increase safety, but causes the same amount of distraction as if one were holding a phone. They both serve the same purpose when it comes to distracting the driver from paying attention to the road. Studies show that the reaction time significantly reduces when paying attention to a phone rather than the road for an aged person. Now imagine how much more this affects an elderly person.

Many drivers keep their cell phones in their vehicles. However, when it rings, they are not going to ignore it because of how tempted they will be to reach for it. Therefore, they lose all concentration while driving, and all the focus is on the phone. Many States have rightfully stopped local governments from prohibiting cell phone use while conducting a vehicle due to many fatal accidents. Many people continue to do it and not follow the law. In addition, for those people are who to blame for when someone innocent loses their life because of someone else being distracted over their phone.

Not only should cellular devices be prohibited completely but, the law as well should be changed to not having a device at all while conducting a vehicle. This will prevent many accidents as well as saving many lives. Many people already do not follow the law and maybe never will. Only way they will actually respect the law is if an accidents happens to them or they get caught not obeying the law. Therefore, people should be restricted from using cellular devices while conducting a vehicle. No one wants to go through a terrible accident nor be the reason for a fatality.                           