The principal can decide a lot of things, but not decide what a student does before or after school. I disagree with the principal's idea of making all students do one extracurricular activity. First issue is, it extends an already drawn out school day, making the day last an extra hour or two. Also, a student's talent may not represented in a club, therefore making them feel left out. Finally, students may have outside of school routines, or work they must do, and this rule interferes with their routine. This idea is taking away a bit more of a student's free will, thus leading to my argument. I disagree with the idea of making all students participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it extends an already long school day, could make students feel left out because their talent isn't represented, and can interfere with a students after school or before school routine. Now, onto a more in-depth look.

First of all, the school day issue. School can already be long and tiring, so there's no need to make it longer for students. While some may enjoy sports or other extracurricular activities, those who do not are wasting their time by doing an activity they may not enjoy. Students typically only have around 5 hours of free time outside of school. Add an extra two hours and now they have 3 hours, and some of that time will be used to do homework leaving little time to do what they enjoy. This can stress students out and lead to depression, and make them dread going to school because the entire day is eaten up by it. Along with these points, a student may not have a club or activity they fit into, leading me to my second point.

Next up, students may not have their talents represented in clubs or activities. Some students may be very good in a certain thing, such as writing stories, or sculpting, or some other talent that isn't very popular. This then leads to them having nowhere to go, leaving them with something they don't enjoy. If the school doesn't have a club or activity that suits them, then they shouldn't have to participate in one. If they do, it's just extra work that'll bore them. Clubs are supposed to be enjoyable, and help students find others that have the same interests as them, but if participating in a club or activity is mandatory, students may feel left out, and not included. They may be excluded and picked on for having a talent that others can't relate to,or be picked on for not being good at something.

Finally, it may interfere with a student's before or after school routine. In the morning, most students have a routine they follow. If they have an activity that begins 45 minutes before school, they have to rearrange their whole schedule. This can lead to them losing sleep, not getting a good enough breakfast, and generally under prepared for school. If a student has an after school activity, this can change and shorten their routine. If they get home, do homework, play games for 2 hours, eat dinner, shower, and then go to sleep, an activity can limit these things to less games or enjoyable activities, not as much of a dinner, and the day being taken up by mostly homework. It can cancel their time to relax or have fun, and cause a routine change. It shouldn't be up to the school to choose a students after or before school life, and throw off their entire schedule.

To summarize, I disagree with the principal's idea. It lengthens out a long school day, can make students feel left out, and can mess with a student's schedule. It doesn't seem fair for the school to control a student's out of school time. While school is important, it shouldn't be a student's entire life, they need breaks from it. Clubs, activities, and sports are balanced because people who want to be in them join them, not because they have to. Other people can suffer from a student not participating in their activity making it not enjoyable for others. The school shouldn't choose a student's out of school life.