Dear Principal,

Community service would be a great thing for every student to be required to do.

Even though some people may think it is a pretty big time waster, helping the community is doing an act of service, which every student should be able to enjoy.

I believe that doing community service would help the community, make students feel good, and encourage good work skills.

Doing community service helps the community out tons.

People always like having a good deed be done for them.

People have jobs for each thing we could help out with, but they would LOVE for us to help them.

I mean, wouldn't you like it if somebody helped you in your job?

Doing community service is a great way to help us to feel good about the community.

The people who don't like the idea usually become pessimists who hate everything, and we wouldn't like to make students feel that way.

We should encourage students to work hard for the community.

Another upside about doing community service is that it will make students feel good and happy.

Doing service means that you're doing something good, which makes you feel good about yourself.

I think community service would help everybody - our community, our school, and the students.

Requiring each student to do community service would be a great idea, and it might make the students feel better then they have been.

Also, if we require community service for each student, it might encourage them to do even more work.

They might feel so good about their decision, that they do some more service when it's not a requirement.

It might change into a personal goal instead.

Community service will change people's lives and attitudes for the better. They will be in a better mood, and they will live a more happier life.

I think it would be best to require community service for all students.

Community service can help people, make students feel great, and encourage them to always do more.

Community service is a great idea for the students to do and enjoy.