One of the advantages of getting rid of cars is traffic. Cars is a major isssue because mostly in the mornings people are tryin to get from one place to another at the same time. This action causes Death,car wrecks,etc. Bogota colombia- In aprogram  thtas set to spread to other countries millions of colombians hiked,biked,skated or took buses during a car free day to avoid traffic jams.

Another cars is a bad idea is because of its gas. When people drive or even crank their cars that gac or diesel is goin up into the air causing  our air to become filthy ans cloudy. Diesel or gas is dangerous because it harms the air, people, animals and other things. For example ''It's a good opportunity to take awat stress and lower air pollution'';said business man Carlos Arturo plaza as he rode a two seat bicycle with his wife.

But a good thin about this article is that it says that president obama's ambitious goals to curb the united states ' greenhouse gas emissions unveiled last week will get a fortuitous assist. So basically wat it is trying to say is that eventually a end to cars will come. Since 2005  the number of miles drive have dropped steadily after. over the years people have stooped relying on cars.

As april 2013 the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and eqyal to where the country was in 1995. Me myself personally think that people should stop driving cars and start walking or using bikes thats one reason why people are becoming obese because they are relying on cars to get them everywhere they need to go. Just imagine that cars were never invented i bet there would be fewer people who would be obese than there is now.

So overall people should stop relying on cars to get them where they need to and depend on themselves because eventually the end to cars will come. Look at it this way if people would stop using there cars to go everywhere there would be fewer accidents and less funerals. and our air would be clear no more cloudy atmosphere. so all i can say is cars will become EXTINCT.    