Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. This allows students to learn in the comfort of their own home, without having to transport to a private, or public school. This may be convienent for parents who work on a busy schedule, allowing them to choose when and where they want their chilldren to learn.

Although online schooling my be beneficial to some children, it may harm their future.

With this being said, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because they wouldn't develop social skills, they would have a hard time creating relationships with others, and they may struggle from lack of motivation and depression.

To grow as an individual, it is essential to surround oneself with others. This is because it allows individuals to develop skills that may make or break their future. These skills are called social skills, and they should be developed as a child. Social skills are important for student development because it allows them to communicate with the people surrounding them on an every day basis. Schools were intended to bring students together, allowing communication with one another, which is why it is so important for students to learn in grow in schools that are not online. Social skills may also be one of the biggest things a student can learn in school, and this is something that online schooling does not offer. Communicating with one another will allow students to work and learn together, creating relationships on the way. If students are not surrounded by others, they will have a difficult time creating relationships and friendships with others.

Relationships play a huge role in almost everyone's life. Whether their romantic, family oriented, or friendships, they are an important way to grow as an individual. Students who attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing may find it difficult to create relationships that are not family oriented because they are not surrounded by other students every day. While students who attend online school are in the comfort of their own home, students that attend schools outside of their home are comforted by the people surrounding them. This is why students who attend school outside of their home have a major advantage, which is developing relationships. Students will also get a sense of who they are and what they like when engaging and developing relationships with other students, which students who take school online will not be able to do. Most students find joy in creating relationships with others, so they are excited to wake up every morning for school. Those who aren't able to create bonds with others may lack that motivation to get up every morning, which may take a toll on their mental health.

Students who attend school beyond the comfort of their own household may have more motivation to get out of bed every morning than those who take school online. This is because the students who are enrolled in schools may look forward to getting out of the house and seeing their friends every morning, while the students who are enrolled in online schooling have to stay in, isolated from things beyond their household. This may cause harm on the mental health of the students taking school online because they may feel excluded from the world around them. Feeling excluded from the world around them may place a sense of loneless in their life, which may lead to depression. Students should be surrounded by others as they grow so they can maintain a healthy mental state, and be happy.

Critics may argue that online schooling has a positive impact on students because if they learn in an enviorment that they feel most comfortable in, then they will be able to absorb more information on a daily basis. They may also say that it is more managable for busy students, and that they can work their schedules around education. However, students who learn at home all their life will suffer from a lack social skills, and will have a hard time fitting in in the real world. This will cause them to have a major disadvantage from the students because they will have a difficlut time communicating with the people around them, which will definately have an impact on their future. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because they wouldn't develop social skills, they would have a hard time creating relationships with others, and they may struggle from lack of motivation and depression.