Dont get me wrong cars are a good thing for but we do not need them to live. We use them to get around but look at how much money it costs us in gas and just to bye the car. Plus it is destroying are ecosystem at a alarmingly high rate. Why use cars when we can just walk or bike where we need to go.

So ya we use cars to get around but we dont need them. take a look at this town called Vauban, in Germany "near the Swiss and French border". the streets of "Vauban are completely "car free"". so if they can do it why cant we.

""after five -days of intesifying smog...[the smog] rivaling Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world.""paris enforced a partial driving ban to clesr the air of the global city." and with all this "paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter (pm) per cubic meter compared with" "79.7 in London". Ok London did a week without cars because of smog but with all the pollution from car emissions that they did not use that week was a lot when u facter in that they had as crapy air as Beijing, China,and they only got rid of half there cars for they week. Imagine how mutch cleaner are air would be if we got rid of all are cars for just a week. By then we would be used to it so even bring the cars back that right there would keep making are air clean.

With getting rid of cars for one day "it's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" .Now look at what president Oboma is doing he is trying to cut back on greenhouse emmisions and i thinnk it is woking. "Americas love affair with its vehicals seems to be cooling. when adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in 2005 and droped steadily thereafter."Now" if this pattern persistes and many sociologist belive it will-it will have benifits implicating for carbon emissions and enviormental, since transportation is the second largest source of america's emmisions,just behind power plants." so with this if we keep this up we can reduce pollution and help save this world one car at a time that is why i am asking u to ditch that mostrocity that u are driving and maby walk or bike to work.    