Should these summer projects be teacher designed or student designed? I feel they should be more favored to being student designed. Why would I think that? Why can't teachers determine the design of summer projects? Im going to tell my opinon why.

I feel students should be favored in the designing of their summer projects because they know what type of schedule they have. During most summers, students are going with families, going out of state, even sometimes they are going out of the country. If they have their own designed summer projects then they will know when to try and complete the projects on their own time. Plus, students take the summer time to have fun, and if teachers were designing these projects, it would be unfair to cut into the summer of students.

Now, I'm going to a teachers point of view for this one. Maybe most teachers feel that if students really cared about learning and school, that it doesn't matter when the project is assigned to you, you should just do it. Also, teachers may think with all the time during the summer, students should have plenty of time to balance managing their summer fun with their summer projects. In some teachers head, I think they may be saying if you care enough to learn and keep your brain and mind focused during the break, doing the projects when they assign they should be no issue at all. That is my take from the perspective of the teacher side of things.

Having already explained my reasonings for why summer projects should be in the favor of the students, now im going to give some key specific examples why I think that reasoning. Let's just say for example there's a kid that is going on a trip with his family and he is excited and ready to go, but all of a sudden, he gets a notification from his teacher that he has some summer projects to due over his break. Now the problem is not the teacher assigning the assignments, but the timing of the teacher giving the assignment is just not right in my opinon. More than likely now, the kid is still very amped to go on the trip, only thing now is that in the back of his mind he's thinking "When am I going to start on my summer project", and me personally, I would hate to have that feeling during such an adventful time. That is my first example for this topic.

With all of the first example being explained, here is my second example reguarding this topic. Let's just say for the sake of arugment, you have a member of your family, or somebody real close to you like a friend, and for some tragic reason, they end up being sick or becoming unhealthy on themselves. Maybe whatever is wrong with them gets to point of possibly ending up in the hosiptial and you go up to the hospital to see them, now I know your thinking im reguarding off the topic, but im getting to it now. Anyways, you go up to the hopsital to see what's wrong, and while your there making sure your friend is okay and grieving for them, teachers are still giving you these projects to learn about and in that moment, do you really feel like doing an assignment ?; I don't really think so. My point out of everything I just said is the timing these teachers are giving throughout the summer break can come at the most pleasent times for students, and that's what they need to understand. There's a time and place for eveything and sometimes, it's really the best to let the student decide when to design their summer projects, so they'll know when and where to do it at.

Finally, my last example for this very curious topic. This time im going to the example of the students point of view. What's the problem with students designing their summer project? It's not hurting anybody, it's at their own type of pace, they are not being rushed into something they may not be ready for, and I could go on and on about it. In the students' mind, they probably think if they design their own time to do the summer projects, when they are done with the assignments, the work will more than likely be more proifficent and way more precise, rather than teachers trying to assign them the assginments at the wrong time for some students. I would that the teachers would take that to head and be more aware of what students have going on. That was last, and final example of why students should design their own projects during the summer time.

In conclusion, I feel I gave my 100% best effort to give my specific reasons and examples on why students should design their own projects during the summer break. Just to review of what I really was talking about in my paragraphs, I brouught up almost every perspective I could've given. The students side of view, the teachers side of view, even from families views' as well. I tried to cover every single point of view and put everything into consideration. It wouldn't be fair to just leave out specific details and examples because that's when you start to lose all type of creditability for any argument you are trying to make. To me, I felt that students had the better argument because at the end of the day, it's really all bout what they think and how they feel. They are the having to do these assignments and a certain time, and actually be expected to put everything to the task. For the familes point of view, knowing that their kid can't have the type of summer they want to have because of these summer projects just doesn't sit right in my book. Lastly, but not leastly, the teachers point of view. I completely understand that even during the break, students should still keep their mind focused, in order to prepare for not only the next school year, but the many years to come after that. But, then again this refers back to the students who have to do the work at a not so good time for them. Honestly, I think their should be no work, or assignments given to students during the summer break. It's really not that not worth if the students aren't going to give their 100% best effort to even try to do it. This will not conclude my arguments for them.