The Electoral College, established by the Founding Fathers within the Constitution, was meant to serve as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and a popular vote of citizens. What the founding fathers failed to see was the many outstanding flaws within the Electoral College. For many imperative reasons that cannot be avoided, elections must be changed to the method of popular vote, and the Electoral College must not be a part of the United States' elections any longer.

The first and foremost reason why the Electoral College should no longer be kept in the U.S is because it will only lead to negative consequences. This has been observed in the past, and it must be prevented from occuring once more. One element of this disaster factor is that electors could defy the will of the people. Source 2 informs readers that state legislators are are technically responsible for picking electors. These electors could very easily decide to vote upon who they would like to see in office, rather than who the citizens want. The impact of this would be trecharous when the wrong person is elected as president. Source two quotes, "Back in 1960, segregationsists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy." This means that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy. How is that for a compromise between Congress and U.S voters? Furthermore, another way in which keeping the Electoral College would be disastorous would be seen in the case of a state sending two states of electors. Bradford Plumer reminded those in favor of the Electoral College that this has happened in Hawaii in 1960. Luckily, enormous downfall was avoided because Vice President Richard Nixon, presider over the Senate, validated his opponent's electors and did so "without establishing a precedent." However, America may not be so lucky the next time this may take place. Senators in each and every state must open their eyes and really see what is happening in their country. The U.S must change its elections to the popular vote system, where all of these impacts will be avoided. The Electoral College does nothing for its citizens, and states may send two states of electors to it, and for these reasons, America will face a very unhappy situation if we keep this system.

Popular vote is a much better system than the Electoral College because unlike the Electoral College, it is actually fair for its citizens. America, which has suffered greatly to acheieve equality and liberty is held back by one thing-- the Electoral College. This is suffered by the United States' citizens because of the College's winner-take-all system. Through this, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. Source 2 refers back to the 2000 campaign, saying, "...seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all...and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." How can a president be properly elected with this system in place? Source 3 attempts to discredit this claim, aguing, "Voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign..." What they fail to realize is that those citizens may not even know who they are voting for! It is lucid that there is simply no valid argument for outting the fate of the presidency into the hands of a couple swing voters in a state. In addition, as far as being unfair goes, there are also unpredicatable scenerios that may occur in elections. These scenerios are far from fair to anybody. For instance, there is always the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. If that were to happen, the election would be thrown into the House of Representatives where voting would be handed over to state delegations. Plumer quotes, "Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for Congress, the House's selection can hardly be expected to...unfair." This would not happen if the U.S adopts the popular vote method, where the most popular candidate will win and reflect the citizens who placed him or her into office. The Electoral College is nothing other than unfair to the citizens who rely on it to elect their president.

For many reasons, election methods must be changed to popular vote, and the Electoral College must be disgarded. It will only lead to a profound disaster, and it is also extremely biased and unfair. The United States must take action, one state at a time, to reverse the negative path it is on. This is the only way the U.S can finally reach its long term goal-- complete prosperity.            