Dear state senator, I think that we should change to start voting by popular vote because it will be easier for the voters and is a more realistic way of voting.

When voting and following the rules of the electoral college, many voters get confused. As is says in source 2, many voters vote for the wrong person. They also don't always get controll over who they vote for. Say they voted for one canidate to be their state senator, well with that one person comes many people that have "pledged" themselves to that canidate. They would be voting for the canidate and these many people that have pledged themselves to him and they don't even know it.

Also as they say in source 2, the election of 2000 was a huge mishap in presidential election history. In states like Louisiana, they had people replace democratic electors so that the popular vote that would've went to one of the canidates, didn't actually go through. Although the electoral college is good for getting exact numbers and helps solve disputes( source 3)it is an uruly and untrustworthy way of voting and should not be used anymore. Voters are easily confused when voting and many do not follow up on what is happening during election time. I think that a better way to votee would be to vote more often and give the electors another chance to be relected so that after a few months if voters changed their mind then they could reelect someone else.

Popular vote is a much better idea not only becuase it is more realistic, but because it is easier to understand. Even some of our presidents like Richard Nixon and Bob Dole have thought that this was the way to go. Not only do they believe this, but they lost their presidency votes becuase of the electoral college. I think that they are just trying to scam voters and pick someone that would be best for them, not for our country. I think that by using the electoral college method, they are cheating into picking the winners, but if we used popular vote, this wouldnt happen.

Thank you for your time.                             