Throughout history, mankind has depended on hands-on work for critical purposes.

However, technology has evolved as a tool to assist us to do labor more efficiently and quickly.

It is an important decision whether or not to support driverless cars because it can affect the conflicts due to this choice.

Human error has been a common factor for automobile accidents across the nation, which has claimed many lives.

Driverless cars can be another tool for the human population that could save lives.

To begin with, manufacturers have tinkered on this project for many years by several strategies such as General Motors and their concept car that ran on a unique test track.

It began in the 1950s, using binary code to alert the car system.

Unfortunately, upgrades in that period of time were too expensive to be used widespread.

This began the alternative option of smarter cars, rather than intellegent roads to assist drivers.

Likewise, the government is obstinant on testing for every single liability smarter cars can be held for.

It is above all priorities for the smarter cars to ensure complete saftey from dangerous hazard conditions on the road.

To prevent such conditions, developers considered the use of driverless cars to assist drivers instead of total control at all times.

Furthermore, scientists and engineers have added ideas from each other, enabling cars to even sensor dangerous obstacles.

For example, the BMW "Traffic Jam Assistant," is one of the many cars that can preform driverless to a certain extent, allowing for a human driver to access the controls if necessary.

This evidence concludes that driverless cars are potential as a wonderful tool to help in the saftey of others in a vehicle.

Driverless cars could be the next common technology among the human population like computers or phones.

From this, humanity will continue evolving and strive through conflicts similar to this subject.

However, another choice for us, individually is whether or not to accept change.               