In the article Driverless Cars Are Coming, they talk about the positive and negative things that could happen. This essay is going to be against the article because a driverless car doesn't sound safe to some. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer? If you are in a car but the car is driving itself, what are you suppose to do if the car has a malfunction and you cant control it? Just because it is on television doesn't mean it needs to be brought to life so accidents can happen.

In the article it says "These smart-road systems worked surprisingly well; but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was to expensive to be practical." People are not going to want to go on the interstate and there be construction twenty-four seven. If there was a new driverless car that came out every five to ten years then maybe there would be enough money saved up to start a new upgrade on the road for the new driverless cars. The places making these cars are having to make them for new starters and for experienced drivers because new drivers need more senors then experienced drivers do.

Aso some people know, before you can maake these cars you have to have if approved and make sure they are safe enough to be on the roads. Traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars. Even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in oreder to cover liability in the case of an accident. Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. People would probably like to know what specific conditions they are refering too.

Some people are smarter than others and they know right from wrong. But also people have a better and even greater chance of not being hurt. Say you are driving down the road and a child runs out infront of you, does the car automatically stop or does it hit the child. If a teen is given a driverless car, they would probably have too much fun with it. The cars would also need a gps so that you could let it know where to take you because its not going to know automatically want to go to grandmas house that night.

People today are probably wondering how much these cars cost, do they have insurance, what happens if i have an accident or are the cars even safe. If a car is not proven safe then no one needs that car and it will not be approvedd by the lawmakers. People go out and spend money on renewing their liscenses, and taking the test all of their life to find out a driverless car will probably sometime in the future take over.

A driverless car is not needed in this world. It is already dangerous out there with the cars we have, it would be best ti stick with the cars that we can drive, not driverless. Driverless cars could make the world even more dangerous if there was a malfunction with it.      