Some people would say that it is the heavy cost of a social life to take classes online instead of going to a traditional brick and mortar school. They believe that by taking online classes, people are less equipped in dealing with face-to-face interactions in the real world when the time comes. However, these people also fail to consider that there are flaws in brick and mortar schools which can burden those who prefer an option of taking classes online instead. Although some may believe otherwise, it would heavily benefit students to be able to attend classes at home because there are some people who prefer not being in a physical classroom, there are less cases of missing class from emergencies, and there are more flexibilities given to students.

One reason why students would benefit to attend classes from home is if they have limited social skills and they are not comfortable with vocally situating themselves in a physical classroom. A personal situation which displays this is my cousin Generic_Name, who decided to take online classes starting his first year of middle school due to his severe anxiety since 4th grade which made it hard for him to interact with other students since he was younger. His anxiety also impacted him since it became more difficult with concentrating and asking for guidance from teachers, in fear of them judging him for it. However, after finishing his first year of online school, Generic_Name had claimed that by taking his courses online, he felt more comfortable in pursuing help from his teachers in courses he struggled with and concentrate without thinking about the impending presence of other students. If Generic_Name had not taken online courses for his schooling and had gone to a brick and mortar school instead, he would have felt more miserable since that was where he would have been forced to have physical interactions in order to resolve his academic problems and the stress it brought to him would also hinder his ability to learn.

Another reason why it would positively impact students to take online courses from the comfort of their homes is because there are less likely scenarios of a student missing their classes from any kind of emergency. A case which exemplies this is from another cousin, named Generic_Name, who is currently taking his school courses online admist the epidemic of the corona virus. The corona virus, which wildly spread in his hometown of Generic_City, prompted his school district to take measures in making students continue their academic courses online without the risk of exploiting students in schools where a virus is likely to spread. By making the decision for students to continue classes through online means instead, there are less chances of Generic_Name's school district of possibly extending the school year to make up for all missed days. Without the option of being able to attend classes from home, both Alex and his school district would have been negatively affected by the epidemic from possible delays in schools to a higher chance of catching the virus. Another person who illustrates why attending online courses prevents missing class for emergencies is from a situation my childhood friend Generic_Name had two years ago, when her older sister Generic_Name, who lived in Generic_City, got into a heavy car accident and Generic_Name and her single mother sponantiously made plans to go visit her since Generic_Name could not stay home alone. However, since Generic_Name had been taking her academic courses online, it did not make it hard for her to catch up on her work because all she really needed was a computer and there was no need for her to be in a physical classroom to participate. By being able to take her classes by ways of online, Generic_Name's school work did not heavily interfer with the sudden emergency and she had the flexibility of doing her work no matter where she was.

Lastly, it would be beneficial for students to be able to take classes online because it gives more flexability to students with a busy personal life. For instance, Emma Chamberlain, a popular YouTuber known for her witty persona, had dicussed in a video that she decided to take her junior high school year through online classes because she wanted to focus on her rising career. Her decision to do so was very intelligible in the end, given the fact that she mainly filmed videos throughout the day and frequently traveled across the U.S. due to job opportunites and sponserships from brands. Without the flexibility given to her from online classes, Emma would not be able to do what she constantly does today which would mean having less time in being able to film her videos and seeking out her passions of being a prominent figure in YouTube. Another person who illustrates this is my same friend Generic_Name, who had a demanding part time job at a cafe during the morning of school weekdays in order to finacially support her family. Since she took her academic courses online, she was able to have a flexible shift and work for longer hours because there was no given time that she had to be present in class. If she had not been doing school through online means, it would not have been possible for her to take on the job at an hour where most students are actively learning in school.

Although some people make it seem taboo that attending classes online is an option a person would rather take than a tradional school, there are clearly a lot of positive aspects of deciding on taking one's classes online. By choosing to not take a traditional school, an individual is able to focus more than just their academic life and able to take on more opportunites that most likely would not be given if it were not for this barrier. Also, attending classes online pushes a person on being more independent because it is ultimately all on them to juggle with their own academic and personal life. Although attending classes online might not be for everyone, it goes to show that there are many benefits one can take from it.