It's that time of year again. The election of the president of the United States! But does our vote really matter? I mean the Electoral College does all the voting anyway. So should we change the Electoral College to popular vote for the president or, keeping it the way it should be senator?

To commence, the Electoral College is pretty much the way the president is elected.

There are currently 538 electors in the Electoral College (Source 1). And in order to win the presidency you need to have at least 270 electoral votes. But why is it like that? In the 2000 U.S. election Al Gore had more popular votes than George W. Bush did nationwide. But he lost the election because Bush had 271 electoral votes compared to Gore's 266 (Source 2). The Electoral College is widely known for being unfair but, there is a reason for that. Number 1 is the Certainty of Outcome. It's less likely to dispute over the popular vote than it is than the electoral vote. The reason is because of the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. (Source 3).

On the other hand, some Americans have five reasons to keep our horrendous way to elect our president. A Certainty of outcome. It is stated in Source 3 that it is less likely to have a dispute of electoral votes than popular votes. And it's because of the winning candidate's share of popular votes. Everyone's President. It's stated that the Electoral College requires to a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. The South and Northeast region don't have enough electoral votes to elect a president. So Romney had no incentive of campaining in the South. Swing states. The winner-take-all method is popular in each state in the U.S. Giving the winning candidate to win the presidency. The "toss-up" states are more likely to pay more attention to the campaign. 4 Big states. Larger states are more likey to have more electoral votes than smaller states. In contrast, Florida and Wyoming. Florida has 29 and Wyoming with only a mere 3 electoral votes. Avoid run-off elections. The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast.

Hence, senator there is no need to change the Electoral College to popular votes. Although, many Americans despise the way it works. It still manages to elect a president in an unfair way.            