As the years go by,  so does the evolution of automobiles and the effect it carries in our environment. Technology changes the way we move and interact with one another, some for the better and others for the worst. Limiting car usage will help individuals carry themselves in their environment because it will cause less pollution and less accidents.

Earth's atmosphere is slowly starting to change due to the fact that chemicals and gases are being released from your very own car. As Amercia's population increases so do the risk of the the greenhouse gases, resulting in global warmming and the lost of some habbitats. "If the pattern persists .... it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants",(Rosenthal 34). Stopping the usage of cars in our society will help protect not only ourselves but also the lives of those with whom you share with.

Imagine lossing your loved one in a car accident and never hearing from her or him again. As Amercia's population starts to increase so those it's migration stream, resulting in manufactoring and labor cost. If more cars are being released into our living, the lives of those in which we care will soon never be seen again. Limiting the usage of cars with help keep our enviromnet/society accident free and see those familar faces which we saw as we grew up. "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city, uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, soomth sidewalks, rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic, and new restuarants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up",(Selsky 28). A day without car will help the lives of many espically those around you.

When technology changes so does our ideas and perspective on our surroundings. Congestion causes stress and reduces the chance of a clear sky. Car usage changes the lives of many as well as impacts in what we care about and what we don't care about. Limiting car usage will help individuals carry themselves in their environment because it will cause less pollution and less accidents.                    