In " The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit because Venus is interesting, helpful, and it is safe. The passage tells about how the planet Venus can improve and is useful. Venus could be dangerous, but there are many more reasons that Venus is a good oppurtunity to research on. There are many new discoveries not yet found.

There are many interesting things about Venus. First of all, Venus is the second planet from our sun. In paragraph 2, it states," Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." Second of all, Venus atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. The conditions are far more extreme than what human encountered. Third of all, Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. There might be additional volcanoes and powerful earthquakes. Last of all, Venus is called the " Evening Star."

Venus is a helpful planet because of its characteritics. First of all, often Venus is refered to as Earths "twin". By stating that its saying that the planet Venus is just like the planet Earth. Second of all, If Venus is the same as Earth, then it would be possibe for people to visit and see the place. In paragraph 3 It states that," A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus." Third of all, it has higher carbon dioxide, so it is helpful for us. Last of all, Venus might be useful to us someday in the future.

The planet Venus is a safe place because of all the facts that is stated in the passage. First of all, If Earth is a safe place for us, then Venus would be too. Even the astronomers are fascinated of how much both the planets are alike. Second of all, Venus could someday be our second home or a place where we can visit. In the passage it states, "Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel." Third of all, Venus is safe because the NASA has been doing experiments and testing on stuffs. NASA has been experimenting it on with inventions. Last of all, scientists even seek to conduct a thorough mission about Venus. By doing that scientists can understand more aboout the planet.

In conclusion, Venus is interesting, helpful, amd safe. Venus has been tested out and has been experimented on. By the experiments people can tell whether its safe or not. After finishing the passage, Venus is an environment which everyone would enjoy.