Walking into the voting booth "...every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November" (Office Of Federal Register 6), the people of the United States of America expect their vote to count. Although, the president is elected in a more indirect way, by the electoral college, which does not represent the people, and is not fair. The president should be elected by popular vote from now on.

The first problem that the electoral college faces is the fact that it does not truly represent the opinion of the people. First, voters can walk into the booth and "...get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate" (Plumer 10). Not every voter is educated on exactly how the electors and candidates are represented on the ballot and that may lead to an accidental win. On top of this misconception, almost decietfully, an elector promised to a candidate can change their vote at a moments notice(Plumer 10). Even Posner who writes for the electoral college admitted that it is possible, and he claims that it is "rare";however, it has happened before in 1960 (Plumer 11), and not even Posner can control the actions of an elector, legally anyway. Also, when a candidate wins a popular vote, which is the true mind of the people, that candidate still may not win the electoral vote, overall, loosing the election. This happened just a few years back in the 2000 election between President Bush and Gore(Posner 16).All in all, the electoral college does not represnt the people.

Looking deeper into the subject, elections by the electoral college are not fair. The first example appears in the method of the "..."winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate"(Office of Federal Register 7). Because of this system, Presidential candidates may not feel the need to campaign to all people, just those of the states with the highest amount of electoral votes(Plumer 13). This goes against the american concept of "all men are created equal", leaving voters feeling undervauled and not important. Second, "A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes-538- is an even number.." (Posner 18). Although this tie is claimed to be "highly unlikely". However, an election by popular vote would make the conundrum even further unlikely by the general logic of the fact that it is a lot less possible for the opinion of an entire nation to be split down the middle than that of 538 electors. Another issue with a tie in the electoral college lies in how that draw is resolved. The  tie-breaker is left to the representatives in congress, and "Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming...would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California..." (Plumer 12). This simply does not give all the voters equal say in who wins the election. All of these topics and more compressed together represent how un fair the election truly is.

Entering the booth next election day, dont only think about who you are voting for, but also how you are voting for them. It makes all the difference, and, ultimately, the popular way is the best way.    