Dear State Senator jan,28 2015

I'm not in favor of keeping the electoral college or changing the election by popular vote for the president of the united states because i've been informed that when we vote for our candidate, we are actually voting for our candidate's electors. the electoral college is a process, not a place. Our founding fathers had established this in the constitution as a comprise between election of the president. as said the electoral college consists of 538 electors. each candidate running for president has his or her own group of electors. 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. The electorals are generally chosen by the candidates political party, but varys by the state laws on what their responsibility are. Presidental election are held every 4 years on the tuesday after the first monday in november. we help choose our state electors when we vote for our president. most states have a "winner takes all" system that awards all electors the the winnig candidate. After the election, our state governor prepares a " Certificate of Ascertainment" listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your sate with the electors too. so when we vote for our candidiate, then we are really votiong their electors. It should be that we just vote for our candidate and that be just that. the electors do the vote for their candidate, with our votes that we put for our candidate.

Richard Nixion, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. chamber of commerce, and the AFL-CIO all the one the that they agree on. And its that answer i had in the begining. To be against the electoral college. They want to abolish the electoral college. But they are not alone. In 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore- thanks to the quirks of  the electoral college-won the popular vote, but lost the presidency. over 60 percent would perfer the direct election. Whats with the electoral college you may ask? Voters vote not for the president, but for the slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. I want to know who picks the electors in the first place? It really depends on the state who decides. One other thing about the electoral college is that they are unfair to voters. During 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all. and voters in 25 of the largest media market didn't get to see not even a single campaign ad. So it is official. The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality.

The electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism, a non democratic method of selecting a president that is to be by declaring the candidiate who was givien the most popular votes the winner. There is said ti be five reasons for retaining the electoral college. 1. Certainty of Cutcome, 2. Everyone's President, 3. Swing States, 4. Big States, 5. Avoid Run-Off Elections. its an arguement that the electoral college method of selecting the president may be turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. Democrats in texas, for example or Republicans in california. Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.

So as you can see the reason of what i had put down, the electoral college is one that im not in favor of because it being not fair. and the fact that we are voting for the elector, not the candidates who are running for president. wish that you can see it from my point of view. Thank you for your time from: PROPER_NAME    