Inflexibility is one of the most common sources of failure for most people in large organizations. Public schools happen to be classified as large organizations, so the statistic mentioned previously obviously applies. Many students have a difficult time at a physical school, whether it be from medical problems, social anxiety, or even if they are just away on personal leave. Advancements in technology have helped to solve these difficulties at school, such as: easily-accessible internet, affordable personal computers, and large-scale organization software like Microsoft's Office 365. These advancements make up a new kind of education: virtual schooling. Virtual schooling allows students to access the same education as physical students while being away from the actual school. Schools should utilize this new type of schooling for students who cannot attend school due to medical problems, students who are stressed by a public environment, and students who are away from school due to a large-scale world events.

Medical issues can frequently cause students to miss school and fall behind the other students in terms of their studies. While they are usually acquitted from late penalties, students with many health issues usually have to make up schoolwork on their own time, after the medical treatment has concluded. With online schooling, students can complete lessons and assignments while recovering from a treatment in the hospital, offsetting the amount of schoolwork that they have to make up for later. Without online schooling, recovering students do not really utilize their time in the hospital, usually using cellular devices or other forms of entertainment. However, with online schooling, students can utilize their time efficiently, to save time and effort that would hurt them later.

Along the lines on medical issues, some students have social or mental disorders that bar them from attending school like a neurotypical student would. Disorders like Social Anxiety or Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) can cause some students extreme stress under a social environment. Online school is a remedy for this, as it allows these students to access the same classes, but under a much less stressful environment. These students would also perform better online, as the negative stress that would otherwise affect their grades would be missing; therefore, with online schooling, students with social or mental disorders would perform better in terms of grades and attendance.

Large-scale world events can also cause students to miss school. With these large-scale events, it it usually large groups of students that are affected, with some events causing an entire school system to shut down. For example, in early 2020, there has been a viral pandemic of a certain Coronavirus, with Asia and Europe most affected by it. In Italy, school have been shut down across the country, including schools affiliated with the U.S. Military Overseas School Program. One high school that has been shut down has began to utilize online schooling with video chat features for lecturing. All students at the school utilize the online schooling program, so that their school year is not interrupted by the pandemic.

Although some schools still do not have online schooling options, the ones who do show massive benefits at little cost to the schools or students. Some might say that online schooling is just another expense to the school, although that argument has little foundation. Most software for online schooling costs very little and the local governments have no problem funding them. The benefits definitely outweigh the costs of online schooling.

As the world becomes more technologically advanced, online schools have become more prominent at a high school and college level. Online school provides education to those who cannot attend a physical school, whether it be from medical issues, social issues, or mental issues. Large-scale closings of school due to world events are also remedied by online schooling, keeping school going while the physical school is shut down temporarily. These benefits outweigh the minimal cost of online schooling. The low cost and high reward of online schooling definitely benefit both the student and the school.