There are some students that would enjoy extracurricular activities, and some students that will despise it. Some students might like different activities then the other, but would extracurricular activities really benefit the students lifestyle?

I agree and disagree with the principals decision. First, I agree with this decision because, if students are interested on a extracurricular activity, then I think that they should totally do it. When a student joins a school club, a sport after school, or do service hours, they will be able to have an experience on what it's like. Also, they would be able to make more friends and would be more active and social to others. If the student is some what shy or is trying out something new, then they can open up with others and would try to be comfortable with the environment and the way they cope.

I also disagree with the principals decision. First, some students would not have the time to be able to join an extracurricular activity because they can either be working on homework, or they have something important they have to do after school. Also, some parents would also not have the time to pick their kids up from the after school activity. Especially high school and college students would not have the time to join an extracurricular activity because, most high school and college students have to work right after school and maybe some students might have tutoring after school too. If the high school or college student joins an extracurricular activity, then they would most likely not have time to work after school.

Parents may not have the money to put their child into an extracurricular activity. First, some after school clubs you need to be payed for, like theater and most sports. Most parents can't afford to pay a certain amount of money to put their child in a after school activity. Parents need to provide money to pay their rent, electricity and water bills. High school and college students are starting to buy things with their own money that they work for, and some students wouldn't be able to pay for an after school program.

In conclusion, I think that is really depends on how your family copes with it and your schedule. Most students will have the time for extracurricular activities and others don't have the time to. This is why I think that It depends on the students schedule.          