From small town suburbs to largely populated cities, car usage can drastically affect a community. In developed worlds, personal automobiles are an increasingly popular trend, and help people go about their day to day business. Many would rather drive down the street to a grocery store of job instead of walking there even though it is common knowledge that the pollution and other harmful emissions cars create is bad for the enviroment and the people living there. The question remains, what are the advantages of limiting car usage?

Many believe that automobiles, especially the very popular "car", can be very bad for the enviroment. According to the article, "Paris bans driving due to smog", it explains how near-record pollution within Paris caused a partial driving ban. This was to help clean the smog infested air in the dense city. Although many delivery companies complained about lost revenue, congestion within the capitcal lowered by 60 percent. By Monday that week, "the smog cleared enough for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on tuesday". In another article called "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota", this one tells how Bogota, Columbia has also banned cars to promote alternate transportation and reduce smog. The ban is only for one day a year (called The Day Without Cars), but it's helped cause the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths, new, smoot sidewalks, less traffic, and new restaurants and shopping areas. Business man, Carlos Plaza claims "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." Both of these articles explain how limiting car usage in a city can be benificial to both the city and its residents.

In addition, the United States in partaking in this quest for less cars as well. Article "The End of Car Culture" by Elizabeth Rosenthal shows us that "recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." It is possible that this is partially because of the recession; many Americans could not afford cars. Also, more center cities have made the "suburbs less appealing and has drawn the empty nesters back in".  If this goes on, scientists believe carbon emissions could greatly reduce and this will be extremely benifical for the enviroment. According to the Mr. Sivak's research, less and less people between the age of 16-39 have been getting licenses. More studies have concluded the same results, but only time will tell in this trend will continue. No matter the reason behind it, this example also demonstrates how limited car usage is benificial.

On the other hand, some believe that less cars is NOT benificial. In source four, it claims that the lowered amount of people driving automobiles will be harmful to the profits of the car industry. To further explain, "companies like Ford and Mercedes are already rebranding themselves 'mobility' companies with a broader product range beyond the personal vehicle". This, without a doubt, is to combat the loss of sales and encourage people to continue buying their products. However, thos is pretty much all there is on the negative side of limited car usage. For the rest of the community, this doesn't affect them and is in fact quite benificial.

Cars, both the rose and the thorns in a community and enviroment, can be both benificial and harmful to people, depending on who you are. For most regular pedeastrians and citizens within a city, less cars means less pollution, traffic, and stress. Unless you are a business owner of a car dealership or working for a delivery company, limited car usage means very postive things for social relationships, health, the enviroment, and general living conditions of a busy city. The less harmful emissions of gases from cars could greatly affect the outcome of our clean, energy efficient future.            