Dear Principal,

Imagine walking into a classroom where as soon as the teacher turns to the white board the students pull out phones and other devices and begin using them. Because they are allowed to have phones during free times they can't get into as much trouble for having such things on. Have you ever tried talking to someone who is texting and they don't even respond?

Despite many pleas about how it would cut down on texts during class, I believe the no phones at all during school to make much more sense. The no phones condition would make the school not responsible for any stolen phones, stop almost all texting during class and make test scores higher.

In our school I have sometimes seen problems where kids will steal each others stuff including phones, if the teachers or kids don't know who stole it or can't get it back the I can see many an angered parent suing the district or the school.

I know for a fact that I have once suffered as I thought someone had stolen my phone and I wouldn't get it back, I knew that if I would tell a teacher the whole class would be punished until someone came forward and even then my parents would be mad unless that person would get suspended or expelled. I know that in the district handbook said it wouldn't be responsible for any lost items but if you allow kids to bring electronics to school you are making yourself responsible.

This would also cut down on texting during class as if children are caught with a phone even in their pocket they would be in trouble. Once before in Spanish class I was caught texting but it was only because the phone was in my hand that my teacher could prove it, had I slipped the phone into my backpack as I saw her coming she would have no reason to think that I had been texting in her class beside vague suspicion. Another thing it would do is if a teacher heard a phone ring in class they used to go easy on people because their only fault might have been forgetting to turn it off. With this new policy in place kids could be punished just for having it there not just on.

Another good thing no phones would do would to make test scores higher. Without as much distraction caused by drama such as how 'PROPER_NAME and PROPER_NAME are dating' or 'how cute is so-and-so' they would be able to focus more in class, learn more and test better. The other thing is kids wouldn't have it as easy if they wanted to cheat on tests and therefore make their tests invalid. For any school that strives to make itself better a 'No Phone' policy would help them a lot.

Though there are many people who say letting people use phones in free time would cut down on texting I disagree for many reasons. the first is that maybe the