Cars. Everyone has cars. On the street, in their driveways, in parking lots. You think everyone uses car. Well your wrong. Not everyone has cars or uses cars for that matter.

In Vauban, Germany residents given up their cars to walk the streets. Where we generally park in like parking lots, parking garages, street parking, home driveways, and home garages are all forbidden. In Vauban their streets are completely car-free. They do allowed cars there but some people just want to walk to safe their community. But if you have are car you can only park in two places. Those two places are your house, and large garages at the edge of the development. I would never give up my car to live in Vauban, Germany. In matter of fact 57% of people have sold their cars to live there. To believe or not 70% of Vaubans families do not own cars. To me its hard to think that people actually walk everywhere they go.

Paris bans driving to clean the air of the global city because of pollution. Due to the ban of driving people who are caught driving will be fined 22-euro which is $31 in america. France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Its hard to believe that diesels make up 67% of France, compared to 53.3% of average diesel engines in the rest of Western Europe. The smog cleared enough that French part rescind to ban odd numbered plates on Tuesday.

Today Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions. This thing has left people like researchers woundering a fundamental question " Has America pass peak driving?" As of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was neraly 9% below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995.

Its carzy how some countries have no cars allowed policy. Some countries baned cars, dont allow them on the streets. People would go carzy if they didnt have their cars and had to walk everywhere they want to go.    