Isn't it strange that cars are one of the most used transporting verhicles around? Well, of course besides busses, trains, airplanes, and all that. Almost everyone has a car, or adleast knows someone who does. Unfortunatley, in German Suburbs life goes on without cars. The Vauban's streets are completely "car-free" so the article says. They say car owner ship is allowed but there are only two places to park, large garages but that would take up to $40,000. Also, along with a home. 70% of people in the Vaubans family believe that life is better with out cars, of course they do not own cars. 57% sold a car to move here. In 2006 there was a growing trend in Europe, The United States, and else where to seperate suburban life from auto use. They call this "Smart Planning" Passanger cars are responsible for 12 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions in Europe, and up to 50 percent in car-intensive areas in the United States.

Vauban. Home to 5,500 people within a rectaugular square mile, may be the most experimented place with low-car suburban life. Levittown and Scarsdale, New York suburbs spread-out homes and private places (such as garages, homes, etc) They were the dream towns of 1950s and still and exert a stong appeal. But some new suburbs look like the Vaubans. Not only in developed countries but also in the developing world. The United States, the Enviornmental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communties. Meaning the lack of usage with cars. In previous bills, 80 percent or appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent go towards other transport. On Monday, motorists were ordered to leave there cars ar home or suffer a fine of $31. Amost 4,000 drivers were fined according to reuters. 27 people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. Down 60 percent Congestion in the capital of France, after five days of intensifying smog. Dieasel fuel was blamed. They make up 67 percent of vehicles in France compared to 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in Western Europe.

The days without cars started in Bogota in the mid-1990s. President Obama's goals to curb the United States greenhouse gas emissions unvieled last week. The United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily after. As of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to the countrys rate in January 1995. Americans can not afford new cars and the unemployed wern't going to work anyway. The next few years will be telling.    