Dear principal,

I believe policy 2 will be much better. Phones shouldn't be used in school at all except for lunch, because while your in class because they will end up using there phones instead of getting a proper education. They will also distract others from learning when they are not using there phones. They shouldn't really even have it during lunch at all, everything will be a disaster. Most people wont even have it off during the classes they will just have them on as long as it doesn't make any sound in class. Students should have there phone during school because if there is am emergency that couldn't even call the office they should have there phones on vibrate. If they use there phones during school it just wouldn't work out, every one would stop paying attention during classes and when the teacher, principle, or staff is talking to them they would not pay attention. Even for the school assembly's or games they would not pay attention and just be on the phones regularly. The parents would get mad for the students not getting an education, and possibly fail there classes. Parents will get furious and file a complaint. If there phones go on in class teacher, and students will get distracted for the people who want to learn and will not get there education. When people try to study at the library they will pretend to study but use the phone when the test comes will not no what to do. When they are taking a math test they will cheat by using there phone as a calculator. While the teacher is on the board they will start to use there phones and not learn anything. While they are going to a class they will be on the phone, what if there was stares and they were to pay attention to the fall and trip or fall? they would really injured and school would be held responsible. While they are walking if they hit someone you never no if someone will find it like if you hit them on purpose and try to hit you back. In the morning when there waiting for the bell to ring and there on the phones when the bell does ring they would be late to class and just lie to the teacher and do it again. So this is why i think we should not use are phones during school hours.

sincerely, student