Do you think it was made by an alien or is it a natural landform? Many people have different opinions some say aliens created it, but others say that is a natural thing. In my opinion I think that it's a natural landform. I have 3 examples, first when the camera captured the picture it wasen't clear enough because there were wispy clouds. Second in the artical it said "it spotted shadowy likeness of a human face". Third the artical aslo said "formed by shadows giving the illusison of eyes, nose, and mouth.

First the camera captured the picture, but it wasen't clear enough because when they captured the picture there were wispy cloud which can make it hard to take a picture or to see the picture. This example shows that they might of seen something else such as the face ,but it could be wrong because they captured the picture when there was wispy clouds.

Second in the artical it said "it spotted shadowy likeness of a human face" which can mean that when the picture was captured the camera could have of captured some shadows to which can create an illusion of a face when in reality it could be the showdows. This example shows that the camera captured the shadows which can create and illusion of a face.

Third in the artical it also said that "formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. This can mean that people see it in many way's. the picture creates an illusion that can make you think that it's a face with eyes, nose, and mouth. This example shows that the picture wasn't taken right which can cause an illusion, many people see a face, but that's because the picture creates an illusion of a face.

In conclusion many people have different opinions some say aliens created it, but say is a natural landform. Some people may have counter calims first counter claim is why would NASA lie to us. Second counter claim is that the picture showed a face so it is a face. Third counter claim is that they had a good camera so if it shows it then it is a face. My rebuttals would be that NASA is not lieing about the pictures. Second the picture might create an illusion that makes you think it's a face. Third not all cameras show exactly what you want to take a picture of these are my counter claims and rebuttals and also my example and explanantions.      