People go to school not only because they have to, but because a school's job is to advance students knowledge to set up kids and teens for their future goals. A teacher's job in the workplace is to give students knowledge on things they must know and help them with their next step in life. Their next step could be; college, applying for a job, help writing a resume, applying for a college, looking for a major, etc. After a long 9 months of school, some schools require students to complete a summer project to assure learning over the break. If students are required to complete a summer project, it must be student-designed because it introduces themselves, helps students discover their interest, and develops creativity.

Summer projects should be student-designed to introduce themselves to their teachers the following school year. Martin Luther King Jr. created a " I had a dream..."

speech that explained his struggle with racism and segregation. M.L.K. Jr. wrote and executed the speech in front of a live audience on his own, later making him the leader of the civil rights movement. The speech gave him a name worldwide, everyone knew "Martin Luther King Jr."

During the holocaust time period, a young Jew, Ann Frank kept a diary for people of the future so they knew what happened to all the Jews who were killed by the Germans. Her diary is now a famous book and in the Holocaust Museum in D.C. Ann Frank's diary was written herself, before that she was just one of many Jews, but because of her words, everyone know's who she is. A student-designed project would set up a teacher idea for how much their students know and help them to learn about their students.

Students developing a project on their own develops creativity. Albert Einstein is known as one of the smartest people in the world. He created a robot, Frankenstein. Einstein blocked out others, used his own knowledge, got creative, and made history on his own. Helen Keller was born with the default of not being able to hear or to see. This was a tragedy, making it hard for Keller to walk and successfully know where she was going. Growing up with this issue she became extremely smart and used her problem, got creative, and began helping others by tutoring people who are deaf and blind. If students created their own projects it would give them an opportunity to come up with something incredible using what they, causing them to be creative, and generate ideas

Students are in school receiving teacher-designed projects all year. On a students summer break, they should at least be able to create a project that interest them. Many young kids, between 3-7, try many different sports like; soccer, basketball, dance, gymnastics, baseball, cheer leading, flag football, etc. parents enroll their kids in different things so they can discover their interest young and stick to what does interest them to improve. Many high schools have electives to chose from as an extra class for students to find their interest. If teachers picked the elective classes for the students there is a good chance the student would not enjoy the class, destroying the point of an elective. By letting students branch out and selecting things that they enjoy could create an amazing project.

Students wait all year for their three month summer break. Most schools dont require a summer project, however, some schools do. Over break there should be no project but if required give students the opportunity to design their own. This could not only benefit the students, but the teachers as well. A student-designed project would introduce students to their teachers, giving the teachers an idea of what the student does and does not know. It would cause students to brainstorm and come up with creative projects and help student's to find what interest them. A student-designed summer project would be effective for students as well as teachers.                                       