They should do the program because in the program you will learn how to be a cowboy. Also you will learn how to travel the seas and survive in cold wheather. So being in the program could be fun because you will learn how to be a cowboy. Luke wants to be a segoing cowboy because he likes to travel the seas and he also likes to be a cowboy. Another reason is because he wants to have fun as a cowboy and he really wants to go travel the seas. He wants to have fun because he never has fun at his house so that is why he wants to have some fun. His house is probably boring so that is also why he wants to go outside and have some fun at the program because he wants to get out of his house and have fun. He wants to go outside and do the program so he can be a cowboy and have fun. To train to be a cowboy you have go through obstacles and overcome your fears so you can travel the seas. You also want to be able to ride the waves so you be brave and save people from your enemies. You also defenitely need to be strong so you can overcome your fears and fight bad guys so you can take them down so that is why you need to be strong. You also need to be brave so if you get put in a bad situation you will know how to get out of the bad situation so you won't get hurt while you are in the bad situation so that is why need to learn how to get out of a bad situation. You also need to learn how to stay calm in a bad situation if you do not stay calm then you will get hurt so that is why you need to learn how to stay calm in a bad situation. You need to watch out for the terrible situations in the terrible situations then you will get hurt. In the bad situations you usually will not get hurt or injured. So if you are a cowboy you need to watch out for the bad situations and the terrible situations because you will get hurt. So that is why you have to watch out for the bad situations and the terrible situations. So you have to at least tryout for the seagoing cowboys program because you never know what could happen at the program. You could have fun or you could get hurt or injured. So you have to watch out for that so you do not get hurt or injured. If you want to be a cowboy you have guns to protect yourself and when enemies try to shoot you then you can shoot them instead. So you might not get hurt if you carry guns on you for protection. 