Dear State Senator,

I do not like the Electoral College. The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. It's basically a winner-take-all system in each state. Especially with California it represents 35 million voters and if they are really close and have a tight margin the winning side of the votes takes it all, which means all the 55 representative votes go for that one side. getting rid of it would be fantastic because we could have other options on having a better vote system that is more accurate and fair to the the people/voters.

First of all, an example of this could be Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney. Like almost all cases award electoral votes on a winner-take-all, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state. Thr popular vote was very close in Florida; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes. A victory by the same margin in Wyoming would net the winner only 3 electoral votes.

Secondly, this is not the greatest way to vote because first the voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, which in turn elect the president. If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for Kerry, you'd vote for the slate of 34 Democratic electors won the statewide election, they would go to Congress and Kerry would get 34 electoral votes. Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president which wouldn't be what the voters want in some cases.

Third, according to the Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of the voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. Next election the voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner couldagain lose the presidency. And yet, the electoral college still has its defenders. The Electoral college is not the best way to choose, it has minimum chances of succeeding in the future. I think a direct vote would work the best for the voters but yet the the electoral college has its cons.

Conclusively, the Electoral College is not the best way to vote. By a bare minimum margin of votes, it could cost the election for the other canidate. The bigger state could be a catastrophy and it would be unfair. Last, the Electoral College is irrational, outdated, and unfair for the most part with its winner-takes-all.    