Boom! Tire blows. Only if the driverless car, supposly a smart car, senn the road construction ahead it could of prevented the accident. Then the sensors for the cars I know will take weeks to put all of them in to properly work. Also how is it suppose to be a smart car when you still have to hold the wheel at all times. Although it might have some positives about the car, it still has a numerous number of negitives such as: if the driverless car goes to fast do you get a ticket and have to pay or what is the consequences.

First and foremost, the sensors on the smart cars. It must take a fortune to buy and apply every single little sensor thats need daily on the rode. Plus it must take alot of people to do that and you have to pay them a lot as well so that means you're going to spend so much money that you're going to try and sell it for a huge price of change that no one has to spend. Or the timing, it probably take one/fourth of the time it take to make that robot car.

Moreover, you have to keep your hands on the wheel at all times. What if you're taking a rode trip and you want to get some rest, you can't because your handle has to be positioned on the wheel at all times. Also if you have a important meating and you are trying to finish up your presentation,you can't. Eventhough it might do some incredible things but it aslo can mouth-function and leave you stranded.

Equally important, what about the laws for the car. Most importantly i want to know who gets the ticket and pays for it if the car gets pulled over if going to fast is it you or the manufacturing company. Then it could overide and take far away from where you need to be because the smart car is really like a colassal mobile computer. If it over heats and blows who get blamed for someones death.

Overall, I disaggre and also disapprove this vehicle. As a driver and owner of a smart car i would rather have it Barren like the ones we drive daily thats less worries. Also cheaper to get fixed and worked on then getting my car reprogramed and a whole new pc system in it.