The electoral college process consists of the selection of the electors , the metting of the electors where they vote for presidents and vice president,and counting of the electoral votes by congress. You should always keep electoral votes. Would you know for sure who would win ?. .Electoral college is the best way to manage who would be the best. To see who would win out of the two people. Why wouldnt we use electoral colllege it helps us know that when two people thats running for a spot and they get the same percentage for popular vote you can use electorial vote to see which one each state , country, or city like.

The electorial college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of votes by the cast. for example when president obama and romney went against each other for president both of them had 51.3 percent so the electoral vote that change it all president obama got 61.3 percent electoral votes compared to 51.3 percent of the pouplar vote. This is the best way for people to know who really winning and won. I think its best for us to use the electoral vote. Its granteed to help with the prsident and the people to know who is really winning.

The electorial college help you pick your candidate as well. This is for the president to know who would be working for him or her. The best  thing for you to do is keep electorial vote it helps with eveything that you need help with. It also help the president out to .You wouldnt want to go without a president do you.

The electorial college is a helpful thing it is really needed. I wouldnt take electoral college out. When you cant see who really is winning what you going to do then without it. Are you going to choose for yourself. But then the people is going to be mad and thats not fair. Maybe some people dont like  the opne presidemt and the other people do.

The eletoral college will tell one of the two people running for president if they would win. And it would help to see who the candidate is. Voters in presidential elections are people whi want to express a political perference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. so therefore you need the electorial vote to decide whether the person really win or not.                                                                 