I feel like driverless cars are an okay idea because in the artical it says that Google has had these types of cars since 2009 and they have been driven half a million miles without a crash, even though they are not actually 100 percent driverless. A lot of manufacturers believe that it was not so much the car that needed to be "smarter" but the roads.

The cars would have to use a whole lot of sensors to be able to be self driving, and it would cost alot of money to get new roads and everything that is needed for the cars. In cars today we have alot of sensors because they help with an abundance of things such as antilock brakes, automatic windows and many more. in the artical it says that BMW in 2013 announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant". That means that the car could handle driving and functioning at speeds up to 25 miles per hour, as long as the driver had their hands on the wheel. Although the cars can steer, accelerate and break on their own the drivers are still notified when the road ahead requires human assistance.

Many people can argue and say "wont drivers get bored of waiting for their turn to drive?" Although that is a concern the cars arent going to always be self driving, that can be changed with the push of a button or the flip of a switch. the driver can choose when he or she wants to drive and when they want the car to drive its self. In many states it has been lawed that the use or attempt to make such cars is illegal, but many manufacturers believe that whith in the next few years those laws will be changed, but if those are changed then new laws are going to have to be put in place. Those laws can help a company because the laws would either state that it was the drivers fault if they got hurt in the self driving car or if it was the manufacturers fault for making said car.

Either way i believe that the making and use of driverless cars is a pretty good idea because now and days we live in a world where we have to be caught up with the latest and greatest things or we fall behind. The world of technology is evolving and so is human kind, so i believe that driverless cars will be a good addition to this ever changing world of technology.         