This face has been the talk of NASA and the talk of headlines for quite sometime. The topic has been argued many times and there are many different opinions on whether or not its a face or a natural landform. What do you think?

The discussions of this being a face are all over the place, poeple believe that ailens have caused this "face" on Mars surface. There are three different pictures, one from 1976, one from 1998, and one from 2001. In the first pictuere you see a outline of a face and a mouth, but back in the 70's the quality of technology wasn't very advanced. In the first photo, due to poor quality, it is just a land mass that has trhe outline of a face. There is no form of life on Mars, otherwise, NASA would have detected in years ago. In the article it says that the camera that was used to capture the 1976 photo only had 43 meters per pixel, in other words meaning that there's almost no way in telling what the first picture was or resembled.

In 1998 and 2001, you can see the picture more clearly due to the advancement in technology you clean clearly see that there is no outline or resembalance of a face. The Face is nothing but a landmass, the scientific name: A mesa. In the '98 photo the picture is foggy and unclear because it was winter on Mars and they had to take a photo through a cloud. When the photographs began to be released online there was many observations but many realized it was infacr not a face.

After all the questions blew over, Directors began putting images and shots into movies which again started raising talk. In movies or films there are special effects people that are able to enchance photos and clips. So most of the photographs and clips are not actually NASA recorded and theres a good chance most of them had been edited to make more money on a film or movie because people want to know more about myterious things like this.

Concluding with what i said at the beginning, the pictures we see are nothing more than a mesa. Science it to greatly advanced now and if there was any form of life on any other planets NASA would atleast have an idea of it. I don't believe this is an alien artifact, because Mars cannot support life.          