What is the electoral college?  The electoral college is a process which consists of the selection of the electors, meeting where they vote for president, and the counting of the votes.  The real question is, is the electoral college helping us or is it just bringing our government farther towards disaster? The electoral college should be diminished because it is an unfair direct election, and the disaster factor.

To begin, by keeping the electoral college we could avoid run off elections.  This would help our governmental system because as noted by Richard A. Posner, "There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast."  By keeping the electoral college, we could help resolve run-off elections.  What we dont know is if it will permanantly work for our governmental system and is it worth the risk? The electors are the ones voting for the president, so we should question whether they should have control to help avoid these run-off elections.  The writer notes, "... the pressure would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by electoral college..." (Posner).  Although that is true, that is only one problem that would be resolved by the electoral college, and olne benefit is outnumbered by the numerous disadvantages to the electoral college.

Moreover, the disaster facor has a huge impact on the electoral collage.  The writer states, "The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse" (Plumer).  This disaster was not the first disaster to happen in the system.  According to Plumer, the system has had much more effect and damage on the United States and this should not be repeated again.  The writer also says, "electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please" (Plumer).  This goes to show, not only is the electoral college unbeneficial, but they can be sneaky.  The electoral college should be abolished because of the atrocious outcomes it is capable of doing to our government.

Not only is the electoral college capable of the disaster factor, but it also has no direct election.  As stated in "What Is the Electoral College?", "... when you vote for your candidate you are acually voting for your candidate's electors." (Office of the Federal Register).  This means, voters have no control over whom controls the country.  That is outrageous that the lives of these people will be affected by someone they did not want in the overpowering decisions of their country. Writer Plumer states, "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair too voters" as well as "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational" (Plumer).  Both of these point go to show that the electoral college is lowering our hopes for the government.  The writer also notes, "candidates don't spend time in states they have no chance in winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states" (Plumer).  This proves that the electoral government thinks about their winning chances instead of our countries government.  Are we going to sit here and let them take advantage of their power that will lead us towards disaster?

All in all, the electoral collage should be banished from the government.  Who wants our government to get weaker and more unfair to the citizens?  By taking away the electoral college our government would gain back its strength and become the hard- working government we know it can be!    