Distance learning can occur through various means and technologies, but the main purpose is the same across the board. The central focus of distance learning is to allow students to learn even when they cannot be physically present at school. Distance learning has been used before for both long and short periods of time including snow storms, illness, or a mental issue. Although the intentions behind distance learning have just reasoning the widespread implementation of this type of learning would have detrimental effects on students across the country.

Distance learning takes students away from other students their age which not only isolates them, but also hinders their communication and collaboration skills. Many times throughout a school year students are given projects to work on as a group which not only allows for the students to meet new people in their age group, but also allows for them to develop communication skills. These projects typically have some sort of reflection at the end so that the students are able to discuss who in the group put in the most effort which encourages all of the students in the group to try their hardest and collaborate with each other. Part of this collaboration involves working around each others schedules and sacrificing time to check over each others work. Sadly, the skills learned from these projects cannot be learned when utilizing distance learning. Not only are the students unable to meet up in person to discuss their project, but online schools typically shy away from giving group projects due to the difficulty to work around other students schedules. Thus, distance learners are taught to be independent when completing work which can only serve to hinder them when they enter the job force.

Many classes, especially science, complete various different types of labs throughout their course. These can include labs with chemicals, animals, or even virtual labs. The ability to complete these labs not only allows for students to better understand the topic that they are being taught, but also allows for the students to have hands on experience in a safe setting. Unsurprisingly, the same is not true of distance learners. Due to lack of materials, teacher guidance, safety equipment, and a safe area to complete labs distance learners are unable to get the same hands on experience as those physically going to school. This absence of labs hinders the learning ability of the students and retention of the information they are being taught.

However, in extremely serious situations distance learning is able to be beneficiary for students. One of these cases includes the very recent COVID-19, or corona virus. Distance learning, if implemented, will allow for students to remain at home and hopefully away from the virus while still being able to complete their lessons. Not only will this allow for the students to not fall behind on their school work during this period of time, but it will also allow for the school district to not need to add in extra days to the school year. Other cases in which distance learning can and has been implemented is in cases of students contracting mono, having severe eating disorders, or having some form of anxiety. All of these examples allow for a brief period away from school for students to recover before they are able to return again.

Distance learning is a tool that should be utilized by schools only when student(s) are in dire need of time away from school. It should not be utilized as a replacement for school due to its ability to only teach independence, and hinder the collaboration capabilities along with social skills of students. Additionally, distance learning does not allow for students to receive hands on experience or access to laboratories. Despite being effective for short amounts of time, distance learning should not be implemented year round due to its ability to hinder the growth and learning of students and because of its lack of benefit to students not suffering from a mental illness or some form of sickness. 