For hundreds of years the traditional school teaching environment has always been in person, sitting in a classroom with a teacher up in front. However, with technology and innovation in the current generations, the traditional classroom teaching environment might change. Currently there are options for students that do not wish to be in a school building but still want to receive education. With modern day technologies, learning online or by video conference has become easy to set up and has become a viable option. Students should be allowed to partake in distance learning, as many students learn better at home, outside a classroom environment, as well as benefiting kids with social communication disabilities.

Many kids simply do not learn well in a classroom environment. For some students the issue might be distractions, such as other students constantly talking or disrupting the classes, or it might even be the student distracting himself, talking to their friends instead of getting their work done and learning. Simply put, for some students, especially younger ones, a traditional classroom environment can be too distracting for a student to learn effectively. With distance learning, the parent would have more control over how much time the student spends learning and can manage their studies as well. In a classroom teachers have around 20-30 kids that they need to pay attention to and it is not possible for the teacher to give attention and watch out for this amount of kids. On top of this there are students with diagnosed social problems such as those with aspbergers syndrome or autism. Kids with these issues tend to have an even harder time learning in the traditional classroom environment and would benefit largely being able to learn from home.

With all these benefits to distance learning, it is clear as to why schools should offer this style of learning. There are many students that would benefit from this kind of learning and their grades as well as confidence would improve greatly. While not all students would benefit from distance learning, there is a clear need for this type of learning for a certain percentage of kids, and is crucial that schools offer this kind of learning option.