In this passage "Making Mona Lisa Smile", the author made very detailed and valid points about the use of technology detecting what our expressions say about our moods, but, technology reading students facial expressions is over the top. I belive that this new technology would force students to always want to force a smile so that the computer doesn't fully recognize their real from their fake. In this essay I am going to tell you about my opinions on why I think that this new technology is bad for anyone to even have.

First, I would like to say that this is a really good topic the author brings forth to the table, but who would want to feel like their being watched? "For example, if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different." This information is truly invalid. Smiling at an ad does not make it appear the next time you get on a different website, and frowning at an ad doesn't change it either. It's the way the ads are set up that it makes them leave or come back. Student's shouldn't have to feel like they have to fake their emotions just so that the computer doesn't recognize how they feel in reality. I do not believe in this "new technology" that seems to be changing the way we see ourselves. I would not want kids to feel like they are being watched or even judged on by what they look like through a computer screen.

Lastly, I would like to say that this point of view that the author is taking is a very good start, but thinking about the author feels versus the way every one else would feel puts this topic on hold. Not every one wants their child to be watched through a computer screen that's looking at their faces to show how they feel. If some one is happy on the inside but frowing on the outside then how would the computer sense that? Sometimes we hide our emotions on the indside and show neutral expressions to everyone else outside of our hearts and mind. Computers can only detect what they see and not what is actually going on. That is why I believe that the value of using technology to read students' emotional expressions should be forgotten.