There are always peple saying that aliens are alive and maybe that there is going to be an alien invasion. In 1976, a Mars Global surveyor (MGS) found an image of a peron or as MGS says a "a Viking photo." I believe the image of the Viking is just a landform and it wasn't created by aliens. I will explain to you why i think it's a landform.

I believe the image is a just a landform because scientists haven't discovered life yet on mars even though they have found water on Mars. In paragraph 2, the author states, "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydnia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharoah." I agree with this statement because if the Martian mesa was made again, that means that they will be around for a long time and it will never disappear. The author also states that people think the image or the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars. By the looks of the images, I could see that every year they have taken it, I can see that it's disappearing. In the introduction, it says, "New high-resolution images and 3D altimetry from NASA's Mars Global Survey spacecraft reveal the Face on Mars for what it really is is: A mesa." If people want evidence of aliens or other creatures, they will have to do research on their spare time because scientists have a job to do and they will only do what they are ordered to do. Just to be clear, when they took the photos of the Face on 1976,1998, and 2001, the technology wasn't as advanced as it is today but, if we take a photo of it today, I believe there will probably be another one of the landfoms or probably we might see the Face but just slowly disappearing. These were some of my reasons to argue with to support my belief of the Face being a natural landform.

In conclusion, the image of the Face was just a myth and I will never say it was created by aliens. Aliens aren't even real, that hasn't benn confirmed or said. Not one scientist has said that they have seen a living creature on any planet walking or doing anything. These were just rumors and it can be said as a myth if people want. Based on these reasons, I believe the Face is just a natural landform on Mars.    