Dear State Senator,

In this letter I would like to explame the importants of Electoral College. This'll explain what it is,its defenses to the attacks on getting rid of it,and finally why it was created in the first place.

The Electoral College was a process created by the four fathers in the Constitution to established the election of the "President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens."-

Source 1: What Is the Electrol College,paragraph 1.

The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. Majority electorcal votes for President is 270. "Congressional delegtion: On for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators."-

Paragrah 2,What Is the Electoral College.

Yes this involves in the 23rd Amendment of the Contitution that Washington D.C or District or Columbia is allocated 3 electors and is treated like a state in the Electoral College. The electors for a candidate running for President has a group of electors generally by his/her's political party.

Many believe there is something wrong with the Eledtoral College. Even some like "Richard Nixon,Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S Chamber of Commerce, And the AFL-CIO"-

Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong.

They all have in common is that they want to abolish the Electoral College. However the party will get to "select a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee."-

Source 3 paragraph 2.

However rarely do you actually see it's possible for the winner to get eletoral vote but not popular vote. in 2000, when Gore had more popular votes then Bush. But the agurement falls apart since it happens rarely. It was the frist time since 1888 that's about 112 years that this has happened. It's even highly unlikely it will end in a tie-as 538 is an even number it is divied to the states.

It was started by the founding fathers in order to have a informed government. It is rumored that they believed that the common person the person who votes for popularity is to uninformed to choose who will be President. So in the Constitution they put it as a "pompromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress by popular vote of qulified citizens.    