Most people who reach the age of 16 are elated to be able to learn how to drive. When they reach that point in their lives, they feel independent, responsible. They would not like to have that priviledge taken away from them. In fact, though most teens start to question authority more around the age of 16, they would do anything to stay out of trouble and would never risk the chance of having their driving priviledge revoked. Driverless cars would eliminate the entire experience of learning how to drive and all the pleasure one feels from it.

Driverless cars are an brilliant idea and would reduce the number of casualties and deaths that are caused by car accidents every year.

They would also, however, bring up new problems that would need to be solved. Not everyone would be able to afford a driverless car, as they would no doubt be extremely expensive, therefor not everyone would have one. If there were to be a mix of car types on the road, there would be the issue of accidents caused by cars with drivers. Would the person with the driverless car be considered faultless everytime just because it is assumed that the driverless car has everything under control? Would the person driving their own car be to blame because they should be responsible enough to watch where they are going and navigate the roads safely?

Another issue that would arise would be NASCAR. If driverless cars became the norm, what would be the point of racecars? Many people would lose their jobs because they had only worked in one position for a long period of time. The men and women in the pit stops would lose their jobs, as well as the drivers themselves. Companies that are funded by NASCAR would be in trouble as well because who would they have to help them out?

Driverless cars would eliminate some jobs, but also create some others. Companies that make computer-driven cars would have a ton of business, therefor increasing the employment rates. That also increases the chance of theft by the companies' employees. With the new demand of different, more expensive parts, employees would more than likely be tempted to steal from one company to help another if it meant a larger paycheck. Which ever company was doing the best would have to be extremely careful and might even have to hirer extra security to protect themselves and their products.

Driverless cars would both solve and cause problems in the future, should they become the norm. If not everyone could afford the new, expensive cars, who would be blamed for the car accidents that are bound to happen? Sports that include car racing, such as NASCAR, would be eliminated and thousands of people would be left without jobs and, potentially, on the streets. Though the new cars would create new jobs as well, they would also cause new thefts by employees in companies to better the flow of there income. Driverless cars would cause more problems than they would be worth in the long run.