When learning at school with other students who cause distractions it is always hard to focus would you be able to focus? Even though going to school makes you socialize with friends and they feed you it sometimes is hard for a student to show up to school or even learn.

For me I would rather work on my assignments and others things my teacher would like me to do at home reason why is that some students would not be able to focus especially when a student is causing lots of noise making it hard for you to focus on your assignment. Another reason is that some students could live far from the school making it hard to get to school everyday. Finally students could have more time to work and study making it easy for students to revise in a quite place at home.

Students could limit distractions in many ways at home one way is that they can put on headphones to relax and work hard and listen to some music. Some teachers hate when students have their phone out or when they are listening to music so begin at home may cause the student to focus more by listening to music because every student has a different way of studying and one student might be more focus if he or she loves listening to music when working or studying. This also makes the student more relived that he or she can listen to music. Students who are always trying to bust a joke or make a noise causes problems for a student who is trying to work to get her grade up this makes it very hard for a student to focus on what their are supposed to do. Students can benefit from listening to music because for me when I listen to music while I am working I feel great and energetic making it easy for me to knockout my work at a fast rate.

Some students could live far away from the school and may not have a reliable ride to take them to school everyday. Some students can't catch the bus because the bus is too far away from their house this makes going to school very difficult because without a reliable ride to school everyday you may be coming to school very late making it hard for you to study or work on assignments because you are worried about how you will get home because you do not have a reliable ride to school to home. This makes a student stress a lot thats why working at home you would not be worried about who would be taking to and back from school. It also makes the student more productive because they would not have to find a ride all the time they could study and get their work done faster than other people. Also coming to school late makes it very hard to understand what was taught in the classroom making a student very stressed over it because a student grade might go down because he or she failed the test cause they came late to school so that student might not have understood what was taught.

Finally students could have more time to study and work on their assignments sometimes teachers may go through the assignment very quickly making it hard for a student to understand the what he or she or supposed to do. Also teachers may not give as much time for students to finish assignment working at home makes it easier because you have as much time as needed for you to complete your assignment and also for a student to revise over their work before turning it in to the teacher students may not be able to turn in assignments on time depending on the assignment this makes a student very stressful because they do not want to turn in the assignment late and get a late grade for it. Sometimes students worry about things like this especially when a student grade is flunking and they need to get it up to graduate or move on to the next grade level.

Although going to school could very exciting for a student or very happy to see friends your happiest place is home and if you could a student could work from home that would change the way a student studies and complete assignment because they have time on their hands and also the are relaxed they would not have to sit in a class for over 55 minutes. Working at home could be very beneficial because It could be very difficult for another student to learn at school because they might be that one student who is making it hard for a student trying to focus or a student might be stressed because they might not have a ride to and back from school and worried that they might not enough time to finish their assignment and get it turned in on time. Working at home may not stress a student because they would have enough time to complete an assignment. This is why working on assignments at home would benefit a student.         