Yes, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home by online source or video conferencing because it will help them to be responsible by a way that they don't want to loose a day of class, thinking about a person if helping them and it can help them, when they have to take care of their childs, family or even work.

One reason, if they have appointments or need to work for economic reasons like: help your family, pay rent or pay your car. It will help a student to have time to prepare himself and to work hard to gain his benefits from being someone in life. Also, they are going to be more likely to find new job opportunities, depending on your school level or what dregree do yo get in college. This online classes will help student to have more time to enjoy family time, to have a good source way of life and to make his strength more capable of hisself. It can also help the student believe that he can do it and he is good in everything he want to do with his education, if he wants to keep going straight without going back.

Second reason, is that every student can make an effort to keep going to school at home. They also can be positive in the things they do and they never should give up. Even if someone try to foolish them with lies, they don't have to listen and they will be successful in life. Many things will come in the future and they should keep following their dreams. They should keep their dreams intact from others and knowing that there are many bad persons who will try to sabotage your dreams without caring you. They have to be good enough to demonstrate other that you can do it and not to feel bad about someone else stuffs.

Many people thinks that nowdays we don't care about school, we don't even know what school is for but we can show them that not everyone is like that. If someone is not going to school is because for economic problems and also discrimination.

On this times people are been racist with people who are poor and having a different color skin, but if they get to know everyone, they are going to take a good example of life from the others , that try go get from all the problems they have and making them thinks that they keep following their dreams without taking care of those problems.

After all, many students will greduate and keep going with their life without having any problem about jobs and they will be good economically. They also will give their childs a reason why they should go to school and follow their dreams without letting people to punish their dreams. It also will help their family to support them without caring about what other people says, but everyone should conserve good things about everything. Also this students will have an illustrate part of his life, where they are going from success to success keeping everything on the side but his dreams on the front.           