The Face on Mars

Have you ever seen a landmark that looks like something else? In 1976 a Mars roover named Viking 1 spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. This just hapened to be huge rocks together looking like a face. NASA named this the "Face on Mars." The "Face on Mars" has become a pop icon. It has appeared in a Hollywood film, books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years! The Face is not a natural landform because it looks exactly like a face, its on Mars which could be an alien, and many roovers have seen the Face when they go to Mars.

The Face is not a natural landform because it looks exactly like a face. How can we not know that it is not an alien. NASA people can't go up to Mars to look at it face-to-face. Roovers can only take pictures of it. Mars is too far away that NASA can't send people up there to make sure it is an alien. There isn't any oxygen up there so people could breathe.

The Face is on Mars, which could be an alien. People have always thought that there were aliens on Mars. This time there actually could be one on Mars. Life on Mars could be a real thing. Mars is a eird place because it is red, unlike Earth which is mostly blue and green.

The Face is a natural landform because NASA has proven that there can't be any life form on Mars. There is nothing that they would be able to eat to stay alive. The planet is red and there isn't any water or anything to drink for them to survive. There is no possible way for any life form to survive on Mars.

There is a natural landform on Mars that looks like a face because huge rocks were fromed together looking like a face. This is all nature, there is no way that aliens could live on this planet. Natural landforms all around the universe. Mountains and hills are all over Earth. Nature takes control of everything that is alive. The Face is a natural landform and not some kind of alien.

The"Face on Mars" is a natural landform because aliens can't live on a planet without anything to survive, natural ladforms are all over the universe, and the Face is just huge rocks formed together looking like a face. I strongly believe that this is not an alien, and that this is a natural landform.                              