Extracurricular activities should be mandatory because kids could look forward to activities after school instead of going home and sitting around for hours. It would help kids stay out of trouble, keep students active, and help students build a social life.

Making students stay after school would help them stay out of trouble. Most students parents have and office job. The average work time is from 9am to 5pm, and school gets out at around 2pm- 4pm, so most kids are left unsupervised for around 2-6 hours. Kids left alone can get into all sorts of trouble and can be persuaded to do things that they know they should not do. Kids can be convinced to do drugs, join gangs, and vandalize public property. Instead of doing these things they can be supervised at school doing something that is fun and enjoyable instead of being mischievous. The school environment would be much safer because students wouldnt be influenced be other people to do any bad things, so they would not be doing or selling drugs and they would not be in or associated with a gang. Therefore, students would not bring in bad things into our schools. Making students stay after school would help them stay out of trouble, and stay good people.

The second reason that students should have to participate in an after school activities is because it is a way to get kids out of the house and encourage them to do something with their lives. Some kids go home and play sports outside or play a game with their siblings, but most kids go home and play video games for 5 hours till they have to eat dinner or go to bed. This is very unhealthy. An extracurricular activity would get a person who usually plays lots of video games to do something active. They could play sports after school and they would still have time for video games. Playing sports after school could convince them to play sports for fun, not because they have to do something after school and they could join a league and exercise more than just after school. This would help kids stay active and healthy. After school activities for all people is a good idea because it would help kids stay active and healthy.

Finally, making kids stay after school would help students build a social life. During the school day some kids do not socialize with others because they are tired, shy, or they are very focused on academics. After school, activities would really help kids gain a social life. After school activities are laid back and are made too do something active after school, not to secretly trick kids into too staying an extra hour after school. The activities after school are fun, they are meant to be. Kids after school who are shy can communicate with others because the activities give them ways to start of conversations and communicate with others.

In conclusion, Extracurricular activities should be mandatory. This would help kids stay out of trouble because it would keep them doing something healthy instead of something mischievous. It would students kids stay healthy because it would force them to do something active. and finally, it would help students because it would help students gain a social life because they could communicate with others.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      