Electoral College is a process that help the United States over many many years. So my question now is, why are you trying to get rid of it? They made so it a vote from Congress would go towards the President and a popular vote from cictizens. Without the Electroal College barely anyone's vote would be heard and Congess would be making our choice for us. I believe that we should keep the Electroal, because it makes citizens feel that they are in the system and without it people aren't really voting for who they want. Source 1" What Is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register and source 3 "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised to method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Posner.

To begin, keeping the Electoral College makes citizens feel that they are in the system. Even though they may not feel like they are in the system, this will let people's voices be heard and give them their rights to vote for who they want as President."You help choose your state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you wre actually voting for your candidate's electors." This quote from source 1 states that baicsally people are voting for their candidate's electors who vote for the President. Therefore, keeping the Electoral College makes people feel that their vote counts.

Also, without the Electoral College citizens aren't really voting for who they want. Even though other people are voting for you, at least they r voting for what u want and what you think. "The residents of the other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised- to feel that votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their interests, that he really isn't their president."this quote from source 3 explains that without the Electoral College their vote won't count and that the new president won't have any of their interests. To end this, if we didn't have the Electoral College no one's vote would count.

To sum this up, the Electroal College would give citizens the right to choose who the want and feel like they are apart of the system. This would give everyone a chance to let their voice heard. So why would they try to get rid of it, if it helps lots of people? Therefore I believe that we should keep it.                   