The schedule of a student attending any learning facility is made up of a list of their designated classes. A typical school day for them is to come to school, attend all the classes listed to them on that specific day, and go home. However, some schools offer distance learning for a student which is mainly a way for students to attend class at home through the use of video conferencing or taking the class online .

While this may work for a few students, a majority of them would be prone to various distractions and inconveniences from being able to attend classes from home that wouldn't benefit them .

When at school, students are surrounded in a complete learning environment, while at home, they are surrounded in a place of leisure. A typical classroom is made up of chairs, desks, a white or chalk board, and sometimes posters that are associated with the subject of a class. In addition, a majority of the classes prohibit the use of cellphones to ensure that a students focus on the academic work given to them. In a home, there would be a noticeable difference. Most homes have some kind of electronic devices such as televisions or radios which students would have unrestricted access to. The student would also have unrestricted access to their cellphone, since there wouldn't be a teacher present to stop them. Now, there may be parental guidance present who could limit the amount of distractions, but the parent may have to go to work or run errands throughout the day, which would create a loophole for the students to have access to the various electronics in the house. The major issue that arises is that with more access to electronics, the focus of students is redirected from the classes that they would be taking online to the programs being shown on the television or the incoming notifications they would be getting from their cellphones. This would not benefit them since they would not be getting the full context of what is being taught to them when they are attending classes from home compared to when they attend classes at a school since at home, they are surrounded by numerous distractions

Another major issue that would rise from students being able to attend classes from home is the dependence of technology that would be needed to teach the kids. A major aspect of students attending classes from home is that all the teaching would have to be done online. Meaning that to learn that day, the student would have to have full access to an electronic device for a long period of time. Sometimes, technology isn't always reliable since it could easily stop working or lag. If this were to happen, a student wouldn't be able to access the classes he/she would have that day and in doing so, miss the content that was being taught in the class. This would not benefit them because if any day the computer or cellphone of a student was to not work, they would completely miss what was being taught in the class. Now, the student could make up what they missed on another day, however it is still more of a workload compared to if they were at a school. With being over reliant on technology, a majority of the students attending classes online would be prone to missing their classes due to technological issues which would prohibit them from acquiring the academic material being taught that day.

While attending classes at home holds would not benefit many, it could benefit a few. To elaborate, some students find it hard to work in a school environment due to various issues such as, anxiety, depression, etc. If they were able to attend classes in their homes, they would be able to work better since they would be in a place that is known well by them. While this may not account for a majority of students, the system of attending classes from home would greatly benefit the students that have a hard time learning at schools.

Overall, the cons of attending school at home outweigh the pros. A majority of the students that would be attending classes from home would be exposed to numerous circumstances that would prohibit them from attaining academic excellence which would take away the key objective that classes are meant to uphold to. Learning. With attending classes at home, students would be more prone to not fully learning or understanding the material being taught to them through the screen. 