In the world, going to school is a daily task or "job" for students. Imagine not having the opportunity to get an education. Schools around the world can offer many different types of learing. Some schools in fact offer distance learning for students as an option to attend classes from home. Although students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, it is more important for students to attend classes at school because students will obtain a greater understanding of the material that is being taught, teachers can give students "hands on" help in the classroom or before/after school hours, and will improve students mental stamia in the classroom and throughout the day.

Students will obtain a greater understanding of the material that is being taught. They will be more motivated to learn in the classroom and understand the subject. For example, being in the classroom and seeing the teacher physically show you and explain the information will help you. Having a better understanding of the material will help them do well on the tests/exams.

Teachers can give students "hands on" help in the classroom or before/after school hours. Students need the help that they can get to understand what they are learning. For example, students who are struggling and can't understand the material through the notes or they need extra help, they can get help from their teacher one on one and show the student(s) how to do it. Having this advantage will give students a better opportunity to be sucessful in the classroom.

Students will improve their stamina in the classroom and throughout the day. Students having an overall strong mental stamina will help their confidence and build their knowledge. For example, taking notes, doing time consuming assignments, or in class projects in all a short period of time, will improve students stamina. Having mental stamina will help them do well on tests, SAT's, etc..

School can help students achieve a greter goal in life and their understanding of the education and cirriculum is vital. It is an opportunity to get an occupation that they dream and strive to have. Students may think that they will benefit attending classes from home. However, Going to school to attend classes is far much more importants because students will understand more material in the classroom, they can get "hands on" help from teachers to benefit their learning, and improve their mental stamina throught the school day and in their daily life. 