Ford, Volkswagen, Kia, and Chevy's... while these car brands may have been a massive part of the American culture, its significance in our lives may be declining.  According to recent studies and stories from around the world, car transportation popularity is decreasing dramatically.  Some advantages of limiting car usage that the United States will benifit from include: reducing greenhouse gases emitted making for a better environment, and less usage of cars can lower stress and is safer.

By limiting the amount that the citizens of the United States operate their vehicles, the condition of our environment's atmosphere will improve.  As stated in Source 1, "and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States."  This passage is referring to the amount of greenhouse gas emitted here in America because of passenger cars.  By not using car and taking advantage of other methods of transportation such as buses, walking, and riding a bike that number can be reduced significantly.  In the United States we are also learning from mistakes made by other countries and cities.  "After days of near-record pollution," Source 2 says, "Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city."  A lesson can be taken from Paris of how we do not want to end up in a situation like that.  By limiting our driving currently we can avoid having to take major steps to clean and clear our environment.  "It will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants," a sociologist predicts in Source 4.  Environmental advantages of reducing greenhouse gas is a major way we can benifit from limiting car usage.

A decent amount of stress comes with owning and operating a motorized vehicle.  You are constantly worrying about if you will be late, or if you have enough gas to make it from point A to point B.  Children are another concern and trying to keep them safe around roads and driving by themselves.  Limiting the use of cars can create a less stressful, and safer society.  In Source 3 it explains that, "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up."  Lowering the use of cars can make life a little less busy because it is one thing less that you have to worry about throughout your day.  Heidrun Walter said, in Source 1, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."  Reducing the usage of cars can promote a less stressful and safer lifestyle here in the United States.

Although the use of cars may be convienent, the benifits of limiting the usage may be beginning to outweight the inconviences. Between reducing the greenhouse gas creating a cleaner environment as well as lessening stress and making the roads safer, the advantages of limiting car usage in the United States are major.    