The ideal setting of education is in a classroom with desks, textbooks, and a chalkboard to write on. Quite frankly, classes may be taught out of this ideal classroom and at a home, with a television and a bed. Although most people may believe televisions and beds are distractions, these objects might just help influence a student's mind into thinking deeper and creatively.

Over 50 years, homeschooling has become an effective method of education. Not only are students allowed access to online learning while in the comfort of their own home, but they are also allowed to work in an independent, comforting environment. A student's environmental standards should be relevantly met in order to provide an adequate performance. Even high school juniors and seniors are provided with the opportunity to take online courses at home. But despite the minor distractions, students benefit from attending classes at home because they have options in managing their schedules, they are in a stress-reduced evironment, and because they do not have to endure obstacles as done in school.

On a daily basis, students do not attend school for various reasons. They either have family emergencies, appointments, or an illness. Often, students take their missed classwork home, to finish on their own time. While only a handful of students make up classroom time, the majority still refuses to complete missed time. For instance, students in my classes reach no credit status and about 1 in 10 of them care to finish their missed work. For this reason, access to learning at home should become an option. This solution will reduce the amount of wasted time for both teachers and students and it will teach students the curriculum.

Aside from time management, students are strongly encouraged to strive and maintain their best efforts; although, this cannot be done in a stressful environment. Home may be considered a soothing, recapaliation location; whereas school is a stress induced setting, where sitting all day is tiring, lectures are given with no breaks, and students are uneasy. Classwork is given consequetively causing the brain to slow down its production. Meanwhile at home, students may choose their own pace to learn at and take breaks when needed. The stress at school not only reflects a negative environment, but it also affects the children and students from learning effectively. Based off my experience, I can declare that my mind flows better at home than it does in school. In English class I cannot seem to concetrate when writing the journals of the day. While at home, my thoughts flow like a stream. The prior classes replaced my energy with stress, destroying my brain's ability to function. Because of stress in school, classes should be accessed at home.

In addition to the benefits of time management and a stress-reduced environment from courses at home, students are additionally eliminated from the obstacles endured in school. Waking up for school five days a week, at 5 a. m. is a challenge. Some teenagers, such as myself, are sleep deprived for righteous reasons: working late and completing homework or projects. Others have to do both, once in a while. But learning at home can give students an opportunity to get enough rest to get their work completed. Furthermore, some days at school are not spent learning. Instead, they are spent out of class because of school cancellations due to incliment weather, out-of-school suspensions, in-school-suspensions, or in the administrators office, getting disciplined for a violation of the dress code. Valuable instructional time is lost, whereas online education works around these obstacles. As a matter of fact, none of these factors are of importance when one is attending school from home. The minor, problematic situations at school are what make classes from home more beneficial.

Overall, classes from home take a stronger position when compared to taking classes at school. Unlike problems from at-school learning, students are exposed to beneficial learning at home by flexible schedules, a stress-reduced environment, and a reduced risk of obstacles. Though it may not seem as a good idea at a first glance, these reasons could be postive aspects to why students would benefit from attending classes at home. 