No, FACE is not created by aliens. as a person who works for nasa face is not created by aliens. i say this because Face is a naural landform found on mars. if you look at the pictures you can find that the imagae is getting clearer and clearer. Have you ever seen an alien in real life? do you belive that an alien has seen a human before? At first NASA

thought it was just a martian mesa that made it look like a eygptian pharoah. Afer a couple days had past we unveild the image wo the whole would could see the photo. When the image was seen by people the caption under image was " It ewsembles a human head, with eyes, nose, and mouth.''

Have you even seen an image that it looks like a person? Well, that's what we found on Mars. After a few years had past on April 5, 1998, Michael Mailen and his Mars Orbiter Camera got a picture ten times better from before. When the picture was uploaded a website it was revealing a natural land form and no alien monument after all. Since the image was uploaded not everyone was satisfied. Skeptics, still beleve that alien was hiddenby haze. To prove skepicts wrong MGS went for a second look. When they went they captured an extraordinary picture of ''Face'' for the second time.

Finally I can say that ''Face on Mars'' was not created by aliens. The image actually shows that the Martian qquivalent of a buttle or mesa which a common around the America West.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               