Would you like to seek multiple opinion from different people? I think is good for you to seek opinion from people . Seeking multiple opinion can benefit you make new friends, have good relationship with your friends and make someone trust in you to tell their secret to you. Well that is what i think about Seeking multiple opinion.

Seeking multiple opinion can make someone trust in you. When someone trust in you, he or she can tell you their secret about everything they have in secret. If someone trust in you he or she will know that you are a good friend. For example, if you do something wrong to your friend who trust in you, She or her is going to forgive you when you say sorry because, he or she trust in you. Being nice and respectful for example, not saying bad word to someone to be depressed, saying please when you are asking someone for something can also make someone trust in you.

Seeking multiple opinion can make you have good relationship with someone.

Having a good relationship with someone is a good thing to do in life.

Having a good relationship with someone can make him or her get close to you . Helping your friend for example, helping him or her with his homework or something he or she needs help with , advising him or her to do the right if he or her did something wrong, being nice and respectful to everyone can also make someone have a good relationship with you.

Seeking multiple opinion allow you to make new friends. Sometime when you are making new friends you dont just have to make friends, you have to think about it .

Make a friend who respect everyone, correct you when you do something wrong and someone who is there for you because, when something happen to and you have a bad friend, he or she will not help you but, If you have a good friend, he or she will help you when you are in a bad situation. Good friends are all way there for you when you have a problem with something or someone.

Well that is what I think about seeking multiple opinion. I hope you know some benefit of seeking multiple opinion . Whould you like to seek multiple opinion from different people ? I also hope you learn smoething from what I think about seeking multiple opinion.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 