I have an opinion that I know others will agree with extremely. By popular vote, we should change the election process to The People voting directly. According to my knowledge, the Electoral College isn't fair to voters. I know that many people such as, Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFC-CIO agree with me on this. For instance, in the second passage on the first paragraph, it says that and much more. "They're not alone [Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter...]; according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore - thanks to the quirks of the Electoral College - won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." Suggesting by what this satement says, a lot of people disagree with our system of election. We should be able to vote directly ourselves and not have electors do it for us. How do we know we can trust them? Yes, they're a part of our government, but that doesn't mean a thing.

The Electoral College was originally founded to be exactly what it is today; a vote that is held in Congress that is made by popular vote by citizens. But it has changed more than you think.  In article one in the 6th paragraph, it tells exactly how the Electoral College is run. "The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in Novemeber. You help choose your state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors." This paragraph is saying that the person you vote for is basically supposed to be voted for by his electors. In the second  article, what the author is saying is that even though this certain person will get popular vote, they won't agree with it and they'll go against the votors decisions. This isn't the right thing, obviously. I'm sure that no one knows for a fact that's true though. Even though, this is still a messed up way to vote. This country is about freedom and the right to do what we'd like, as long as it's rational. This is not rational. We need to be able to vote independentley.

There are many things wrong with this aspect of our government. Even though people don't think much of it, we're being treated unfairly. In the second article, in paragraph 2, Plumer (the author) makes a very good point. "Who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding public office. Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidential candidates themselves. Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes." This makes us realize that we don't know who, for a fact, the electors are. It also shows that we don't know who the electors will vote for. Usually, they would probably vote for the person that were made to vote for.

None of us know what goes on in the Electoral College. We don't know if they vote for who we tell them to vote for. We don't know if they practically cheat us from getting the president we want. In article one, paragraph 8, there is something that the governor does that maybe is supposed to reassure us. "After the presidential election, your governor prepares a "Cerificate of Ascertainment" listing all of the candidates who ran for President in your state along with the names of their respective electors."  This is just them saying who was all voted for and who all ran. It also says who the electors were. They give us this probably just to notify us but maybe it's also an idea to make us think that Electoral College is proud to help us get who we want. As I have said through this whole letter, we deserve to directly vote for our President. This isn't fair to us or the person we want elected.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 