I believe that the Facial Action Coding Sydtem could work. From what I read, it is pretty high tech and they know what they are doing. If they ad these to classrooms to tell how boring or fun they are and how to make them better I think some kids would actually want to go to class. There are three things I think really make this possible,and they are muscle scanning, used for interigation, and making class better.

This first reason is very good. The muscles in faces can really tell the actual expression of an individual or even an entire class. In paragraph 3, line 2, the author says, "All 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." This means it uses 44 different muscles in the face to figure out someones emotions. This can be very accurate it seems like, if you have an investigation and you have 44 pieces of evidence, how likely are you going to be right? Very likely.

That brings me to my next example, interigation. imagine you have 8 people who have been caught and there was a murder. If you ask all 8 of them I garantee you will figure out who murdered the person. In paragraph 7, line 12, the text states, "They even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one." This can tell you if a person is lying or not, along with a couple other factors. Lets say someone is being asked a couple questions, if they asked the person if he broke into a house recently they can tell if his stress levels are high.

Then we can also make class better with this facial scan. If they put this into a classroom more kids would want to go to class because it can make class better. But it can also have some down sides. Some teachers might use it to be more serious and less fun. Then kids wouldn't want to go to school and just stay home. But if the classroom is more fun and less stressful the kids won't learn as much. In paragraph 6 line, the texts says, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored" this means they can have the computer tell them what they are doing wrong and change it to where the classroom is fun but you also get alot of learning in.

This is why I think it could work. this is a very smart idea for the future and I think that most people would like this idea too. It can really change the future and these are three ways I think its a good idea.