Our solar system revolves around many different planets, one being Venus. There are many people who study each and every one of the planets in our atmosphere, from the distance it is from us, to the gravitational pull, to its velocity, etc. To have a better understanding of each planet, technology has helped immensly as well as going into space and seeing everything for ourselves in person.

Being an explorer in space comes with both good and bad things. For example, as stated in the passage, "no spacecraft has yet to survive the landing or visit to Venus." Many people may not find this as a huge issue due to the fact we humans aren't necessarily built as spacecrafts, and of course I agree, but in my opinion that is still a risk. Another con is that Venus is the hottest planet, although Mercury is closer to the sun as the author mentioned in Paragraph 3, Venus can be deadly due to the pressure and heat it holds.

As everything else in life, there can be a good outcome. I believe learning about what is surrounding us outside of Earth is very important. Not only will we be infromed, but there has been said that there was life in Venus almost as much as we have on Earth, they don't call Venus "Earth's twin" for simply no reason. I strongly believe that we're closer to a better future each and everyday that goes by, scientists, geologists, etc all try to capture some sort of new information that can possibly help our future in a good and positive matter.

In conclusion, all the information the author of this passage provided me with gave me a better understanding on whether or not it's worth it to continue trying to discover more about this similar planet to Earth. From what I read, I can intake that yes it can be dangerous as I stated in the second paragraph, it can risk lives, but at the same time life is full of risks. It's important to me as well as I'm sure it is to others, to know if there can be another life somewhere completely different and that not being a state or country by any means, it's literally a different planet. Therefore, traveling outside of Earth is a huge challenge, but fear shouldn't stop us from gaining such innovation for our future. 