The advantages of limiting car usage would be less pollution, less traffic, and less money involved. For example, in the German suburbs, large garages that are at the end of development where a car-owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home. So cut down cost on that Germany people have given up their cars.

Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of Freiburg, near the French and Swiss borders. That doesn't mean that car ownership is not aloud but there is only two places to park, large garages and homes. This cuts down on money costs for Germany by a long shot because with no cars then people don't have to spend money on gas, and Germany's streets will be safe without the cars messing up the roades and less car accidents will occur. Although citics may say that it will be difficult for people to get around, it stands that people are just happier this way. For example, Heidrum Walter is a media trainer and a mother of two says, "when I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."

In Paris, they enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city, after days of near-record pollution. Motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). Same for the odd-numbered plates the following day. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined. Which is an effective way to lessen pollution in Paris since it is so polluted in the first place. They also said it was easier to imagine than a car-free Champs-Elysees. Doing this got them great results as well, congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France after five days of intensifying smog, which is rivaled by Beijing, China for being known as one fo the most polluted cities in the world. The smog was cleared enough on Monday for the ruling French party to recind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday.

In Bogota, Colombia millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day. Which left the Colombian streets devoid of traffic jams. Traffic jams are pretty annoying and no one wants to go through them so making up a day like this is extremely good for the environment and for your phyci as well. If people would violate this day they would get charged $25 fines. Carlos Arturo Plaza, a businessman said, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," so doing this day it would make people more relaxed and happy but also be good to the enviroment just like in Germany.

In the end of the day, it is important to know that all of these things these countries are doing are for the good of the world. It is good that it is more of a mandatory participation then a optional objective so that people won't take global warming seriously even though it is.    