Some schools offer distance learning as a option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing.

My position on this issue, I think students would not benifits from being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, because schools programmes its helping you to get more informations, learning more things to get high level.

For example when you attend classes in the schools it will be conversations between the teachers and students about the term than you will benifits more informations and working between students like a groups its reason to get more knowledge.

attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing you will not have attention like in schools classrooms because the teachers they helping you to understand and explaine more.

When you have a research at schools attend classrooms you can use technology and books and you can work like groups it will be more easy to do your research. But when you have attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing you will not have a conversation between others students to get more knowledge.

In my opinion, I prefer schools attend classes because when you focus with the teacher you will understand more about the term. For expample in my english class i pay attention at the class i can understand, and when i have a questions i ask my teacher to explaine for me.

I desagree with students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some courses you can't take it at home because you you need to worked like a groups. For example when i have work to do at schoul classroom's we work together to make the exrcises or a topic easy, and when you get absent and you left some works the teachers helping you to do it.

The schools classrooms programmes will help you about the time and they have specific time to work confortable and to know what have to do, some students they need support from they teachers and counselors to make sure they do alright. For example when i need support my teachers they support and they give me enough time to make i understand everythings.

Students who choice to learn at home by way of online or video conferencing they will not get conversation with speaking with others and with teachers. For examlpe when you have to work on topic it will be hard for some students to understand more.

In my opinion for the students who prefer to attend school classroom's it's good decision, because they will have more infermations and more experience about the way to make a plan and more knowledge about the courses you taking at school.

I think students would not benifit from being able to attend classes from home.                                             