Dear Principal,

I have been told that you wanted to change the policy on the grade students should have to play in sports (if you have a grade C average than you wouldn't be able to play) , and that you also wanted the students views on that. Well I am a student here at SCHOOL_NAME and I know for the majority, most kids wouldn't think it fair if you went into action with this policy, and there are other reasons you shouldn't put this policy into action too, here are some of them.

One reason why you should put this policy into action is because if the majority of the students have a grade C average at your school, then SCHOOL_NAME would lose many team members, this policy might make you think it would encourage kids to have better grades, but it might affect the team for those who want to slack off, not even necessarily slack off because a grade C average isn't even failing. Unless you want the school's reputation to go down by losing many games because they have little members, than you could follow through with this policy. But I wouldn't encourage it.

Another reason why I wouldn't encourage putting this policy into action is because a grade C average isn't considered failing, and in most schools for activities they won't let you participate if you are failing, but it would be fine with them if you had a grade C average. Not that we are in competition or anything but I am sure SCHOOL_NAME wants to be represented as a good, cool, and fair school.

Also another reason could be because maybe a student has a grade average C in one of their elective classes, now that definitely wouldn't be fair if someone didn't get to do sports because they had a grade average C in an elective class. Electives are supposed to be a privilege, not something you should base whether they play sports or not. And the fact that they had a grade average C in that class and saying that they couldn't play sports wouldn't be fair because if they aren't even failing the class then they should have the right to play.

These are a few reasons why you shouldn't tell kids they can't play sports if they a grade C average. Think these reasons over and thank you for the time being that you read this letter.

- A concerned SCHOOL_NAME student.