"Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home"? I do not believe that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. I believe the students can get distracted so easily at home. For example, you start watching a movie; when you were supposed to your homework. That would affect your grade because you didn't do it on time. Another, example is when your mom tell you to buy something and then you forgot what were you doing. In addition, time is another reason why is not beneficial taking classes from home.

Time is one of the consequences attend to classes online is not beneficial because unexpected things can happen. You can't control time. For example, someone in your family die or they have a car crash or even work schedule. Those examples can affect you by reducing the time and material you were to work on. That's why you can't predict what is unexpected. Unexpected times take away your energy, concentration and comprehension on what your studying. Another, reason why classes from home isn't good.

Energy keep you awake. Being concentrate shows interest on what you doing and comprehension is how much you understand. If you're sleepy you cannot do any of that. However, I want to focus more in the comprehension part. Never ever compare a teacher vs a computer. For example, you didn't understand the new unit because is confusing, you can always put your hand up and ask the teacher. The teacher will explain at their best for you to comprehend. On the contrary, you can't do it because you're at home and nobody can explain the material you don't understand.

Some students agree they can benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they can do it later, if they miss something on class. Also, they can study anywhere they can have access to it. That reject to be in certain place. You're free to study and work without any restrain. All you need is to manage your time.

You be able to kill two birds on the same shot.

To conclude, students will realize that a teacher is way better than a computer. The teachers study the materials on what they gonna teach and they graduate from college, gain a diploma of what they teaching you. They have the proof and I believe they are doing the right choices about giving you materials for you on the future. That's why i would never change them for one computer at home.  