Even though there are many perks attributed to them, driverless cars will more than likely cause many more problems than they will solve. They are incapable of responding to accidents that happen to other vehicles, let alone reacting to an accident or a possible accident to themselves. They can have navigation errors or may react to what could be seen as an oncoming car, but it might just be some animal or a harmless object. Even in movies, the driverless cars end up having problems or malfunctioning quite a bit. And even with all the technology put into them, the cars still are not actually driverless.

Driverless cars cannot react to an accident like a human could, even thoug "safety is a big concern," (Driverless Cars Are Coming). A human would swerve out of the way, speed up, or slow down. When something happens, the driverless cars "alert the driver," (Driverless Cars Are Coming) so that he or she may take control. In the short amount of time that it would take for the vehicle to alert the driver and for the driver to take control, disaster could be avoided, but due to this lack of reaction time, accidents could be unavoidable. Drivers must be alerted to any accidents that don't even include the car, forcing the driver to take control and navigate his or her self.

Driverless cars still require the driver to do a lot of the work. Drivers must take control of their vehicles when "pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents," (Driveless Cars Are Coming). Some driverless cars are not even able to drive themselves unless under very specific conditions, such as specially made roads that are designed specifically so that the car may navigate itself. Although the driverless cars are supposed to "mimic the skill of a human at the wheel," (Driverless Cars Are Coming), there are many situations, some already listed, that they are unable to do what humans do.

Even if driverless cars are mass-produced, they will still have to move alongside many people with normal cars. This could cause a variety of problems and setbacks, as human drivers may not provide the regular pattern that the driverless cars and the roads create. Human spontaneousness may interfere with the driverless cars and their sensors designed to alert the occupant of danger. This may cause a driverless car to swerve or react to some small movement of a car driven by a human, while if a human were driving, they would not have reacted, seeing as well as doing this regularly, they understand that there is no risk or danger to them.

Driverless cars will be of little entertainment interest to people. Drivers would "get bored waiting for their turn to drive," (Driverless Cars Are Coming). If the occupant of the car got bored, he or she might doze off or get distracted. With this distraction, they will take longer to react to the need to take control of the car, if they react at all. Drivers will get bored of driverless cars, quickly reverting back to regular cars, thus causing many companies to lose money due to how much they invested in all the technology required to create the driverless cars. Some people would even buy the vehicles in the first place due to lack of interest.

Due to all the money put into the driverless cars, they are going to be very expensive and out of the ordinary worker's price range. With all the technology put into the discovery and creation of driverless cars, there is a going to be an extremely high cost. Sometimes the technologies required to make these vehicles are "simply too expensive to be practical," (Driverless Cars Are Coming). Very few people would be able to afford these cars, so there would be little buyers for the companies. They are using devices that at one point in time "cost two hundred million dollars," (Driverless Cars Are Coming). Companies would end up losing more money than they would gain if they invested in driverless cars.

Although many arguments cannot be proven until they are out and on the road in regularity, driverless cars should not be created for normal use. They can cause many problems on the road. They are unsafe and unentertaining to the occupants. They may have navigation issues when faced with and accident or a work zone or some form of traffic diversion. If driverless cars are produced, they may not stay popular for any long period of time.