Dear principal,

I believe all students must do tasks to assist the community. Students should participate in helping the community because it helps our community and city possibly even our state look good and it will make the children performing the tasks more responsible. Most kids helping with the community will feel good about themselves they will think to themselves wow i really did help make a difference in my community. They will often take pride in their work. We should help our communities.

Our community should have a right to look good. The children of OTHER_NAME should help clean our streets, help the needy, raise money for the city parks or even tutor the children in OTHER_NAME elementary schools. By doing this, the tourists will begin to say good things about the city of OTHER_NAME and the city of OTHER_NAME. We will receive more tourists and people interested in moving to OTHER_NAME or OTHER_NAME. We could even assist the needy, if we assist the needy we will look like a community that cares about our residents. When we help the younger we are helping our future lawyers and doctors even our future engineers with their education.

During our time in OTHER_NAME or OTHER_NAME helping the needy tutoring the children or participating in food drives we should stop to think to ourselves wow i really made a difference in not only their lives but my life also. we will feel depended on and we will most likely feel thankful. We will feel good about ourselves and we will want to participate in more activities to help our community.

Here in OTHER_NAME and OTHER_NAME our community is beautiful and clean. Whom do we have to thank for that you ask? The children of OTHER_NAME and the children of OTHER_NAME. Why of course all this work is due to the children of our community, we will see news headlines and it will be on kcal nine news and fox eleven and we children will be proud of ourselves and show pride in our community. So Mr. principal i hope you have come to an conclusion that you should encourage students to participate in community service, not only for the good of the people but for the good of the hearts of the children.

Yours truly,

STUDENT_NAME

8th grade

Proud student of SCHOOL_NAME