The new technology that can describe how you are feeling from just ypur face is called, The Facial Action Coding system can be usefull in some positive ways or negitive,like it says in the articel you can read you classroom mines and you will know how they feel. In my opinion i think that they should use The Facial action coding system because you never know what someone is hidding or what they thing about the lesson in class or the work in a job. Also most of us will probably know how someone is feeling but some of us will not and that is were the Facial Action Coding system kickes in.

The most important thing about his machine is that there has been people that committed suicede and if the machine can detect what you feel i think that it can detect those people or kids and that way thier parents or teachers could know and stop it from happening and that machine can save a life or two. The machine can be also be used for police officers that need to slove a case or thing that someone is lying so they will just have to put the machine in thier face and ask questions and that will beb a win for th epolice officers. The article also said that the drawing of Mona Lisa was not only smilling she was also, ''9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, 83 percent happy and 2 percent angry''. So if that machine told them all those percents in just a smile that the painting did that is amazing.

The best way to put this is that anything is posiblie you just have to do it, Because in the article it says ''Moving you facial muscles not only expresses emotions but also may even help prduce them put on a happy face. I alsways thought that mona lisa was just happy in a picture but never in my mind did i thing that she was much more than just happy. The best is yet to come and we will not be worried about the stuff that happens becasue of their emotions because the Facial Action Coding System will get us covered.

So i ask you Did making a happy face in this experiment also make you feel slightly happy.                                                                                                   