I think students can benefit if they are able to attend classes from home, even know the distance but learning as a option for students who wants to finish a carear or have a good job.

Take those classes online or videos conferencing is not the same thing like to be able to go to classes. In class students can ask about any question they have or get the information they are looking for, and the schools teacher can see how they are learnig but, online they don't have much oction like read a book or be able to ask any question they have to anybody.

Attend to classse is great is a oction from student to choose but is the smart oction for for student who know what they want to do in they future. Schools is a place where students have the desition by you're own. There is where students can start makeing options and try finish what they really dream. Be able to atted classes from home is hard thing to discuss but when students are able to go there is great bacause is where they have to be and never give up during that time.

School is not a principle to starts getting information about how thing are working, or what options we can choose for be a porofessional after schools. Prevent oction in schools is preposterous because that is not ducing, good octions during school.

Students who rually have the decition to go to schools even know the distace but they are benefit. that is a oction, but when they get there is alot of information and option they can lissend from teachers and other students. When they go to schools they are giving a step more every day, to them life and they are benefit in school for the alot of option they can have in schools.

Schools is a benifif for all yung people to learnd how start life, when you get out from schools and have a good job. for have the opportunite, students need finish school firts. Not matter the distance or the skills they have during that period time. after that they will see how everything is change to be better in they way.

For somo students is hard to make that decition.

But when they have the oction and they can do it is a good thing because they can learning more about and have more opportunities when they graduate from schools thay have good jobs and more oction to choose.

Some students think is preposterous to to make decition in schools, bacause is alot of oction they can choose, and alot thing they want to be but they only have somo octions. For somo of then is hinder to go and pick that oportunities.

Instance when students live far fom schools is hard to get there they need like a car to get there, but parents are allways insist to students to go to schools not matter how hard is all they wants is a good future for they childrens.

School is a personality decition in life, butsmart decition for people who is looking for good oction in life. Ertheless who finish school have more oction the people who don't finish. During school students need have to be inmate because schools is a hard time.

For students in schools is like stairway, because they walk aroung getting information, that is a good oction for teachers, to stall information and try to preparate students to then life. One way to be a perfectionist is graduste from schools.

Fanally when students finish schools they did a good job and they have more option to choose. More of they have good jods or go to college and finish a carear, and they know how follow the the dreams, because when they was in chools there was alot of skills and the crusts those over and over that was like the firts hard thing they start with, that was alot of bad action they can choose but they don't choose any of those. Finally finish with right thing, Now is fancy work and alot oction to choose in life.                                                                                                          