Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Some people may feel that it is better to have these projects student-designed rather than designed by the teacher themselves. Both project criterias have their positves and negatives, but the teachers should be the ones making the assignment. Now while a student-designed project has its benefits, the teachers should be designing the assignments because what is best for the student and the material the students must know before coming to the class.

This statement could be countered with a claim that states that the students should design these assignments to help insure that they better understand the material. The students could make a project that is accustomed to their own personality and the way they think. The students making the project may help the information get through to them better than the teacher could. Both ideas have great benefits and help the student in their own way.

The teachers know what is best for the student and the material they need to be successful in the course. The students may confuse themselves because they haven't actually learned the information yet. The students don't know exactly what the course is actually about. The teachers know the material and everything the student will learn during the course of the year.

The teachers have spent years familiarizing themselves with the information and have gone to college to learn this stuff. The student has not yet taken the course and is not as familiar with the information as the teacher is. The student would be more beneficial by having the teacher tell them what they need to know and learn before taking the course. I believe these things because the teacher has more experience in this field than the student does.

Overall, both ideas are great and really help them learn the material well, I just believe that the student would be better off by having the teacher design the assignment. The teachers know exactly the material the student needs to know to be successful in the course. The teacher have spent years familiarizing themselves with the information invoved in the course. The teachers should be designing the assignments because what is best for the student and the material the student must know before coming to the class.