I think that the Facial Action Coding System is a good idea for the studetns in the classroom. It may be good for many different other things, for example if someone needs help or in danger as in they could be crying showing that they are scared. But I feel they should take it a little more exstreme for things like could also have audio and could really help with peoples lives. Not even the bad emotions if you are happy or exicted it can sense that and something good could happen.

One reason I believe this would work because there is so much danger and anything can happen and we could use extra protection. But I also feel that it could be more to it then just looking for emotions. Even if they are good emotions there should be something to say or something should light up when the senseor feels that you are happy.

They should test it out and see how it goes and turns out for some people and if things go good the they should move it to the next step and add audio and see how much it makes a impact on peoples lifes.

Another reason I feel that it might work is because sensing peoples emotions is great. Peoples emotions shows alot it can say so much about their personality or how they feel about life, it could even gives you signs about that person and could get people aware so they can put thst person in a safe place if they need to. There should also be bounderies because most people arn't gonna want a computer screen or phone screen watching them, their emotions or even listening to them. But to even fix that you could always have were you could turn the senseor on an off just so people could feel more surcure.

Overall my thought about the Facial Action Coding System is great. You can take it so far and you can keep it how it is. Even if graphing shows that people don't like it I still think it is a good idea for me thinking saftey wise.

Thats just the people life and you can also take it very far with paintings. I think this idea is a million dollar hit and it should be tested out. 