Have you ever been asked for advice? Or asked for advice from someone? Or even a group of people? Well, I have. I believe that if you ask multiple people for advice, it could be very beneficial towards you. If multiple people help your situations, in which you asked for advice on, it can help you see different point of views and come to a better decision. All of this can improve the very important life skills of perspective and open mindedness.

Now, you might be thinking to yourself, "She's crazy, I only need one persons advice". Well, imagine how much better it would be to look at your situations from different angles. Wouldn't that be pretty nice? By getting multiple peoples inputs, you are also raising your trait of perspective. What is perspective, you ask? Perspective is being able to look at a situation and not just picture one scenario or solution, but multiple. This trait can get you very far in life. An example is if a student applies to colleges, he or she needs to look at multiple reasons to pick that specific school.

Another reason on why asking multiple people for advice is better than asking one is because not only will you gain more knowledge about one trait, you'll gain two. The other trait is open mindedness. Have you ever heard someone say, "You have to be more open minded."? Well, what they mean by that is that you or whoever they're talking to, has to not be so closed in on one idea. One of my personal experiences, is when I was doing kick boxing. I did kick boxing my whole life and I loved it, but that doesn't mean it's the only sport I can do for the rest of my life. So, I decided to do volleyball too. I did this because I had to be open minded to other sports other than kick boxing.

My last reason is about the people you get advice from. I don't know about you, but I have multiple people in my life who are important, not just one. You probably do too. The people you get you advice from, can be crucial to your decision. I only ask for advice from people I trust such as family, teachers, and my best friend. People you trust and love most likely trust and love you just as much or maybe even more. If they don't want to see you hurt or unsuccessful, they wouldn't give you bad advice. When I need advice, I ask my mom, my grandma, and my best friend. I do this because they all give support to the answers they give me. Also, if it is a "yes or no" question, I can use the majority rules system.

In conclusion, asking for advice from multiple people will make the decision more successful than just asking one person. This is because you will learn and gain very important life skills such as perspective and open mindedness, and because you can ask multiple people that you adore and trust. Now tell me, what will you do with your advice next time? Ask one person? Or two? Or maybe even more? Next time, use these examples to think about how many people to ask for advice.                             