There are many aspects to learning and education that is different for all students. Some people are naturally gifted in certain areas, and others may struggle in that same area. Nevertheless, everyone learns at a different pace, and it can't be expected for everyone to flourish in the same environment. This is why attending school from home would be very beneficial and necessary to particular individuals.

Home schooling could be an advantage to those that struggle with the pace of standard in-school education. Especially in this day and age, many more people are concerned with tending to the specialized needs of kids. The way we learn and develop is being taken a lot more seriously now, and the importance of having the right accomodations for your circumstances is highly enforced. Those that may learn at a lower level or at a slower pace now have the option to not feel judged by the rate that all of their peers are learning at. By being in the comfort of their own home, it could allow them to become more confident in their abilities and achieve more compared to if they were in a standard school. Along with the elimination of judgement, it could also drastically improve their level of thinking as well. There's a huge difference in spending time to focus on the needs of one student as opposed to an entire classroom of students. By isolating an individual, it allows for their educator to identify their strengths and weaknesses which makes the process of helping them a lot less difficult.

In addition, there are also many social factors that could go into a student thriving while being taught at home rather than in school. It's no surprise to anyone that bullying and harrassment goes on, not only in adolescence, but all throughout life for some people. If a child was facing this type of harrassment in school, the ability to take classes from home would eliminate that stressor for them. They wouldn't have to worry about coming into class every day and having to confront their bullies. This would be beneficial for a multitude of reasons, and it can also be a preventative measure to ensure the safety of students as well. Peers have an enormous amount of influence and power over the actions of certain individuals, and being forced to interact with that kind of behavior all the time could potentially pose as a threat. Being taught at home gives students the ability to control who they get to see and when, and for some people, it is absolutely necessary for them to have this option.

Finally, learning from home could prove to be beneficial for those that need to complete their education but already have a plan for their lives. In this new era of social media and technology, "social media influencer" is a very popular career path for people to take on. This generally entails posting pictures or videos, having sponsorships with companies, and interacting with their fan bases. Another common facet for this lifestyle is travelling. With all of this extra work these influencers choose to incorporate into their lives, school becomes a lot harder to maintain. Online based learning, in this case, makes it a lot more accessible and easy for these young kids to finish their education while still pursuing their dreams.

Overall, online and home-based learning proves to be very advantageous to a mass of people all over the world. Whatever the circumstance may be, merely having the option to opt out of standardized in-school learning is a very forward and advanced way of taking into consideration the needs of others. It gives students the opportunity to become confident, feel safe, and even pursue their dreams. For these reasons, I believe being educated from home is an exceptional concept that is appreciated by many.