Multiple opinions change surveys drastically. You may have received a data project at school or a survey for a new town project. These studies are most effective when more opinions are collected from. In order to make major decisions, you must first ask the people involved. Seeking multiple opinions is a key part of collecting rich data.

The most effective way to collect data is by collecting the opinions of the ones involved. Rich data comes from the true opinion of the people. When I was in sixth grade, I did a survey on whether or not people should keep fields to farmers, or sell the land to businesses and urbanize the land. Starting out with only my families opinion was not only just a bad idea, but jeopardized the surveys reality. After seeking multiple opinions, I have seen the value of when more people are involved.

Today, petitions are used to persuade ideas for rules or laws in society. The more people on the list, the more likely the petition will be considered. Multiple opinions have a leading role in persuasion. Seventh grade taught me a valuable lesson when I decided to create a petition on banning a specific math program called IXL from my school lessons. This petition started out with only a few people but it changed heavily when I asked many more people. More people wanted to join this petition I had created after viewing the stunning amount of signatures added. The shocking amount of people added to one side of the argument caused them to jump onto the bandwagon too. I knew the average number of people on one side after considering some offsets in which I concluded was driven by bandwagons. If one side of an argument has more people, that argument will become more popular among moderates. Multiple opinions help fianl decisions when acknowledging bandwagons.

While most situations are best for all opinions, some data is best collected from just a designated group of people. For example, an election for the Senate seat representing Virginia is best decided for residents of Virginia. It would be nonsensical for a resident of another state to vote in this example. The people involved in this should be considered into the data. A right choice for a decision comes from the people that are affected and involved.

As long as it might take to gather, more opinions matter. Multiple opinions matter because it show the true opinion of the ones involved and affected. Bandwagons must be considered into data because some will choose the side most picked. Choosing the best choice is interrupted by bandwagons that should be acknowledged into a final choice. When collecting data, make sure to collect from only those involved and effected by the decision. Seeking multiple opinions is a key part of collecting rich data.