Dear State Senator,

How do you feel about the Electoral College? Do you think that we should still keep the Electoral College or should it be changed by election of popular vote for the president of the United States? From my side I think that we should keep the Electoral College. There are my reasons that conviced me to say this because we have use it for many years now. How is it that you can vote without the Electoral College?

The first reason why I think we should keep the Electoral College is be cause it is not a place, it is a process. So how can this hurt other people to not want this if you can't find it? This process is a very smart thing that the founding fathers established because it is fare to everyone. It is fare because it is a voting decision that the electors elected as President and Vice President. To me making an election is the best way to make a decision so that everyone wont be angry at each other.

The Electoral College is a voting system. Voting is the one of the best ways to pick out things that everyone has a different opinion. For example, evey four years there is an elective going on for who can become president of The United States Of America. This system will allow everyone in the United States to vote who should be the next president. The same thing goes for the governments of each state and county.

When we use the Electoral College it helps us figure out the differents of each election. For example, when a president or government is being elected we can figure out who is grtting more electives. We can see how many people are voting and how many electives did each person received. With that being said we can easily tell which person won the elective and who didn't. We can also see the percentage of votes and how many states voted for each person.

These are my reasons why I said that the Electoral College should stay with us. It is a good way to vote, it helps us see how many people voted, and it is vary fare with everyone in The United States. Its has helped us vote for governments and presidents for many years and hopfuly it will still keep on running. This is why voting is the best way to make things equal with everyone because it is done by electing. Why would we want to take something away like the Electoral College when it was established by our own Founding Fathers?              