Many students in the world are placed with the issue of whether or not it would be beneficial to actually attend school in a brick and mortar setting. Some find it beneficial, allowing the students to have a taste of freedom an independence in their work environment, while others think of it as an excuse to stay home and slack off. Pushing that agenda forward, many schools offer students the opportunity to take some of their classes off campus at a different location such as a community college campus or even in the comforts of their own homes. With that being said, more students are choosing to take their classes at different locations instead of the traditional setting. Students can benefit from taking classes away from the traditional settings of a school by letting them get a taste of their own educational freedom, and by lowering their stress levels while letting them become more comfortable in their own work environment.

Students can benefit from taking classes away from the traditional setting by giving them a taste of what their own educational freedom is like. Many college students around the world use online schooling in comparison to physical schooling on a campus. In the United States alone, many college students choose to use online schooling for a number of reasons. Online schooling may be used by them to help balance their lives, choosing to be able to do their work at their own time, compared to being in a building or university, where the deadlines are strict and there is possibly a hard time balancing their lives and school if they have a family. Having that type of educational freedom is very important in that sense, as to help students, no matter how old they are, achieve their educational goals in less of a strict environment.

Students can benefit from taking classes away from the traditional setting by helping lower their stress levels and being more comfortable in their own work environment. Many students face the intense pressures of being in a brick and mortar school environment and often can't handle it, becoming very uncomfortable where they are and losing sight of themselves in the stress. By pulling those students out of the environment that hinders their ability to learn and retain information properly due to their stress and lack of comfort, and placing them into an environment where they can prosper, retain and possibly learn faster can truly help students become better and more confident in themselves and the work they put out to the world. When students are constantly stressed out in their school setting, it makes it harder for them to excel in their studies, even when it isn't a subject that is particularly hard for them, so allowing them the extra educational freedom of choosing how they want to take their classes, whether it be completely at home on the computer, completely physical in a brick and mortar buliding, or some mixture of the two, students can combat their educational stress.

Not all students face the problem of being stressed in the school setting, some quite like how the curriculum can be set and like the challenges of strict due dates and lectures. More often than not, though, students do find it hard to juggle their schoolwork and their lives. Giving them the option to be able to replace the way they learn and their schooling in general can pave the way for them to become comfortable in their work setting, more dedicated to their work, and overall much happier students than they were before. By grabbing their attention with the benefits of schooling in ways that are seen as less stressful and easier, they can put more effort into their studies and get higher grades, all while getting a taste of all the different ways of schooling in college are like in the world.                                                                                                                                                                                      