If I was in this situation I would like tell them to take an even better camera. And my explanation for that is because if they want to have a more clearer picture then they should take another one up there. And again they might even get an even bettere and bigger because of the technology we have today. It might be even in high definition so that they can see if thats actually a face or if its just a mountain with craters. But they might get me wrong and thats ok but as long as they have a better camera to explain how or what i'm right about. Like in the beginning of this article it said that they had take pictures in 1976, 1998, and in 2001 but all of those pictures are on cameras that make pictures blury and in order to see if the picture was actually a face they had to do something to make that picure clearer than it shows. They might argue that im wrong because they might say that why will they need the technology and they might say like well we already have a picture and its a face. But it could possibly be something else. It could be a mountain with craters, it can be mostly anything. I also could be wrong becuase they do have a Mars rover up there so my theory can be wrong and it is a face all along. If I was the a scientist at NASA talking to someone about why the face on mars wasent created by aliens i would tell them that extra terrestrial life couldn't of done that because we dont have enough evidence to prove that they exist. But for now we don't know 100% that aliens did it or if metors hit it and it looked like a face or if aliens did it. And if aliens really did it then we need to get nother camera up there and see if there is any other life out there. Then the person who is asking that question would say "havent you guys already put one up there and theres nothing". Then I would come back and say then why do you think that aliens did it if we got nothing on the cameras that we sent up there. So he would be kind of wrong if we dont have any evidence that aliens are out there.