The principal has decided that all students should participate in at least one school activity. For example they can participate in sports, SCA member, or even gaming club. Me myself agreed with this decision because we all need to stay active in some type of sport or school activity if not we are not going to be involved in things. Also if you dont like any of the activities talk to your principal about adding some other things that you like.

Students should try out sports say if you have been practicing basketball or football and you think your good enough to make the team just try out and see if you'll make it. Also as well if you dont play sports but you try out for a team you might just like and get real good at that sport. We even have a better idea say if you can dance or cheer you might can talk to your principal about being your school mascot you might can get some fans,or have a cheer leading team for the sports. Try to talk to your principal about having a concession stand to sell snacks to the players and people who come watch the game. If you are good at keeping record you can be the person who keeps track of the fouls, timeouts, and keeping track of the numbers scored.

The SCA is when host the school dances or fundraisers. They do school dances by getting it all planed like getting a DJ, food, games, buses. Also they do fundraisers because this is how they get money for school equipment like new PE equipment and better technology so we can have better computers. But the school dances help with these things to. This is why we need all the school dances and fundraisers.

The gaming club is not a sport but it's competitive thing. The gaming club is for people who does not like to play outside don't like getting hurt. You can compete against people in battle games or sport games. Say if you like sports you just dont like playing it in real life only in video games because it seems better to you thats okay. Thats why the gaming club is so cool you can play it on TV instead of in real life.

This is why you should be involved in at least one activity its so many to choose from. So there is no reason to not be involved at all. You might just want to try other activitys out just to how those ones are and you might just like it.