Some schools thinks that students should attend classes at home. Others might think that attending classes at school will give benefits to the students. Attending classes at school will get the students to learn more subjects than online classes. If students does not attend classes at school there would not be teachers and staffs at the school.

Attending classes at school will get the students to learn more of other subjects. If a student takes classes at home they would not be focusing on their assignment. They going to be on their phone, TV, or other type of devices. There will be no one supervising the students at home. They need teachers to teach them, educate them, and motivate them to learn. Attending classes at school as you can see will benefit the student..

In addition, If the students does not attend classes at school there would not be no teachers and staffs at the school. Many jobs will be lost due to students taking classes online. Plus, the students needs to build a relationship with the teacher and staffs. Online classes would not teach a student face to face, It would be better If a teacher teaches the student face to face. As a result, there should be teachers and staff at the school, If the student takes classes at the school. Plus, the students will get a better education.

Many people may argue that students should take classes online instead of going to school. People think that online classes will give the student benefits. They also think that the benefit of taking online classes, is to give the students more opportunity to learn. In the other hand, they are people who also believe that taking classes in school is better. Schools are meant for students to learn on other subjects. If a student takes classes in school they will have the opportunity to learn much better.

Therefore, students should take classes in school. Schools are meant to be for students to learn from all subjects. Taking classes in school would benefit the students. If the students take classes in school, there will be more teachers and staff at the school. Truly, learning from a teacher helps you a lot, because they are teaching you face to face.