In my opinion, I think driverless cars could simply change the world, i don't see many negative aspects of the idea of trying to make a car that a human doesn't need to drive.

I also think that making a driverless car that needs human assitance aswell is pointless because, the driver would sit there waiting for his turn to drive and that could get really boring for the driver sitting there cautiously waiting when its his turm.

It should be driverless completely or not at all.

In my opinion, the idea of driverless cars would be revolutinizing for humanity in many ways.

According to the text, they would use the driverless cars as a taxi service, that would help in many ways when people need rides or want to get somewhere quick in a major city and not wait for a bus or train.

The biggest concern for the driverless car is the safety hazards and the laws that are set in place.

The text states that states like, California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia have limited use of semi-autonomous cars due to safety issues. A big concern is if you get into a car accident with a driverless car, who is there to blame?

In order for driverless cars to be used they would have to set in liability law changes and who would be be blamed for the accident, as it states in the text.

I am mutual for the feeling for driverless cars because there are the positives like, driving the handicap, the taxi service that drives you where you need to go, take a nap , etc. But the negatives are, driver safety for the passengers, will it be safe enough to driver on the street with other driverless cars, and will it be able to drive with this type of technolgy efficiently.

Based on the information I supplied, I think the driverless car can be a major step in the world, but it can be a very dangerous one if not handled correctly.

According to the text, Tesla announced they would have a car that could drive itself 90 percent of the time by 2016, also Mercedes-Benz and Nissan planned to have cars that can drive themsleves completely by 2020.

The road to the truly autonomous car streches ahead of us it could lead to a bright future that revolutionizes the world, or it could lead to a very dangerous one, but we grow closer to the destination everyday.  