The Electoral College shouldn't stay the same, in fact we shouldn't even have it anymor the reasons why we should not keep the Electoral College is because we are voting for electors, the tie that occurs in a election and representatives in states. There is so many problems with our constitution and the Electoral College is one of them.

You may not think voting is what it seems to be. We don't vote for our president like we should but instead we vote for electors, in which all the electors in that state gives the president their vote if the majority of the population voted for them. Wouldn't it just be easier if can automatically add up all votes for each president since we are so technologically advanced? I say we just let the people of the United States vote the way we should vote and everything would be easier and there would be less complaints.

A tie that occurs in an election is unfair. The House of Representatives is now responsible for the election. The winner-takes-all is also a big problem. The eclection is basically in the "Swing" states because the election is so close. So i guess the smaller the better. "The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational." Says Bradford Plumer in the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong."

The biggest problem in he electoral college is the representatives in the states. "Wyoming, representating 500,000 voters, would have as much asthe 55 representatives from California, who represents 37 million," Says Bradford Plumer in paragraph 12. That makes no sense at all. Why would a smaller state with a smaller population have more votes than a bigger state with a larger population? That is unfair to the citizens of the United States and is unfair in the election.

My arguement for this voting process could continue on. Agree or disagree, you still know that there are tons of problems wrong with the Electoral College. I hope one day it'll change and less talk and arguements will occur, it's time for a new voting process.    