SHOULD PEOPLE DRIVE WITH THEIR CELLPHONE OR NOT?

We all love our phones now a days and basically ever since they were invented. Everyone has one or wants one or the newest latest one .Ever since they were invented in 1700s people have taken the full advantage of the telephone presidents and war sargents used them to win battles and etc. Now the phone has evolved from tube looking phones to brick phones to flip phones to iphones and to smartphones. With all the new technology and apps like facetime snapchat3 games music social media there's almost no way anyone could ever put their phones down. But according to statistics in 2013 about 3,154 people died in accidents 424,000 were injured. In 2013, 10% of all drivers ages 15 to 19 involved in fatal accidents were reported to be distracted at the time of the crash.

So the question stands do we need to drive while on your cellphone? With all the crashes maybe we should drive without our phones but with the increments in technology we mind as well just use them cars are able to call people just like phones, so if you can call people in your car and be distracted anyways when your calling whom ever. There putting almost smartphones in the car so you can most defiantly be distracted with that. The fact that they are and already are making cars able to drive by themselves is anther reason that is very distracting just as in Tulsa the electrically powered car has pilot mode so it drives itself. So many people have been distracted from the road and driving because the car can drive itself even though the car can drive itself you still need to pay attention to the road.

I do understand that you don't need to be looking down when driving and I do understand that phones are distracting. So you picking up a cellphone and calling someone can be distracting. Also like I said in another essay I did there is a responsibility factor to firstly own a car and secondly to even own a phone. It might seem like it is not a responsibility owning a phone but it is when you own a phone you have personal information in it. If you were lose your phone and have never put a password or security code on it you can lose your information to whoever has your phone could be a hacker could be a random thieve.

So really my answer is that it really depends on your responsibility level if you can't stay off your phone and it's life then you need to let someone drive but if you can be responsible while driving then I'd say you should us your phone responsibly. Cause if you drive irresponsibly you should have your phone.        