Driving a car has its ups and downs to life. It provides transportation, but it can also be very dangerous. Another issue with cars today is the amount of pollution that cars give off. Smog is caused by cars and is not good to the environment and certainly not good for people to be breathing in. Both "Paris bans driving due to smog" and "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" discuss the affects cars can have on the evironment. "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" and "The End of Car Culture" talk about the decrease of the amount of cars used today. Many communities today are turning into car-free places to clear up the smog and dangers of driving.

Smog in Paris, France and Bogota, Columbia have reached record pollutions and both cities do not want to deal with it any longer. Robert Duffer writes about how the Paris government enforced a new rule which allowed both even and odd numbered license plates to drive on a certain day and would alternate everyday. This was very beneficial, however some people needed transportation but would be fined $31 if their car was used on the wrong day. Being that Paris is one of the most famous capitals of the world, one would expect to see more smog than usual. Andrew Selsky also writes that in Bogota, Columbia, a day without cars was put into place in the 1990's and still continues today. Once a year, buses and taxis are the only transportation allowed in the whole city. If not obeyed, there would be a $25 fine. This day was put into place as an improvement campaign which also benefitted the city. Bike paths and smooth sidewalks were put in and during rush hour has cut the traffic in half. It also opened up restaurants and shopping malls which were widely used by the public. Both Paris and Bogata saw improvements in their environments without having so many cars on the road.

Life without cars can also be beneficial to ones community because few people will be buying gas or diesel fuel for their cars. Elisabeth Rosenthal tells her audience that Vauban, Germany has an upscale community where nearly everyone has given up their cars. Here, people sold their cars just so that they could buy a house in peace without having to hear traffic jams and honking horns all the time. Many say that this environment makes them happier because it is so peaceful. 70% of the community do nott own cars and the ones that do must leave it in a large parking garage outside the developement  that is purchased with the home. In another article, also written by Elisabeth Rosenthal, discusses America and the recent  decrease of the amount of driven by a single person. Research shows that the amount driven in 1995 is about the same as the amount driven in 2013. This is due to environmental protectionists who walk evrywhere they go and due to the dangers of driving. There are fewer young adults driving today as well; in eight years, the amount has decreased 23%. Many are giving up their cars today to make a better, happier living.

There are cities all across the world that are limiting the amount of cars being used. Smog is a very pollutive that many don't even realize. Many say that walking and biking around provides them with a more peaceful lifestyle. Limiting car usage will provide less smog in the air and will save you money from having to buy gas or diesel fuel.    