Why does electoral college still have its defenders, Abolish the electoral college!... Electoral College was a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. I am writing to the state senator of florida to argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College. I am certain that we should keep the eletoral college because of three simple reasons. The Electoral College is a way of certainty of outcome. Swing states, and to Aviod run-off elections.

To commence I say the system of electoral college should stay because it has a certaint of outcome. A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible. This has happened before in 2000. In 2012 election, for Obama he received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney, the Republican nominee for president in 2012. electoral votes arenon a winner-takes-all basis. A tie in the nationwide electora vote is possible because the total number of votes 538 is an even number.

To continue the second reason why I think th electoral votes should stay is becasue of sing states. The winner-take-all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates. Voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign to really listen to the competing candidates knowing that they are going to decide the election. The most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election.

Last but not least electoral voting should stay because to aviod run-off elections. The Electoral College also aviods the problem of election in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 are good examples, they both only a had 43 percent plurality of the popular votes. Some potential voters who have no hope have less in centive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular votes.

To briefly wrap up I argue in favor for the Electoral Votes to stay because of the certainty of outcome, swing states, and lastly to aviod run-off elections. In some people's opinion's they would disagree, but they will not have enough facts to support why they disagree, because honestly Electoral Votes is always the way to go.              