Dear Principal,

I realize some people may think that community service is a waste of time, a distraction from work or friends and family, but I can assure you that community service is greatly needed. It doesn't matter that it may take time away from work or other jobs, we all need to give back now and then. We ,as a community, cant have a "well-someone-else-should-do-it" attitude, because if we all thought that then nothing would ever get done. In these times, when some people are working two jobs just to feed their family, and we have so much extra, it would be selfish and greedy of us not to give back.

Community service doesn't have to be boring either, there are lots of fun ways to give back to our community. For example, you could go to a animal shelter and help walk and feed the animals. Or you could go to a nursing home and play games with the seniors there. I'm sure they would also love to have someone sit and just listen to them tell a story or two. There are lots of fun ways to help out that don't include getting dirty or being outside.

But if someone felt like they wanted to do more laborious work then there are other jobs they can do as well. They could help clean up garbage at a beach. They could help redo a local park by putting in bark dust or planting trees. Also, they could find a nice local garden or farm that had some jobs that needed to be done. There could be non-profit organizations that need some volunteers with events or charities as well.

But it doesn't matter whether you are outside or inside as long as you are trying your best to help out. I think that if you didn't have the students at our school do community service you would be doing them a great injustice. When we are so privileged to have a nice home, clean water, and a meal on the table every night we should at least be able to go out for an our or two and help someone else who isn't as privileged. Its hardly a great burden to get up from the computer or desk you are at, put on a pair of old jeans and a t-shirt, and go out and help. So I ask only one thing of you; please set aside one day, one measly day, to have all of the students in our school wander out into the community and help someone. Thank you and I hope you take my letter into consideration while you make your decision.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME