Some school require students to complete summer projects. This is a great idea, and it would be better if the students would be able to pick the topic. One of the reasons is students know what interest them more. Second they would put more effort and time on the project. finally studenst inprove there skills when writing something they enjoy.

To start with, summer projects should be student designed. Students should be able to pick their topic do to they know what interest them and what doesnt. For example, Generic_Name a student at Generic_School was given a project about sea animals. Generic_Name doesnt know nothing about marine animals and has no interest on the project. Therefor, Generic_Name has no idea what to say and its not in his interest. Furthermore, Generic_Name will be in summer break it would be less stressful to talk bout a topic he likes instead of a boring one the teacher would give out. Also the students would put more effort and time to the project.

Secondly, by the student knowing what he likes and his strength they'll aim for that A on the project. Students alfound do poorly on school project due to the topic they were given. For example, Generic_Name was given the topic to right about sports Generic_Name. Generic_Name has never done sports her self so there she has no interest on it. Generic_Name will do the project and get finished on time but, did not put time and effort to do her best. Undoubtedly, students do better on a topic they all feel good about.

Finally the students will enjoy doing the project. Statistics show that when students write about something they like, they tend to improve in both reading and writing skills. For example, Generic_Name was able to right about a topic she likes, therefor, she enjoyed writing and improved her skills in reading and writing. Generic_Name enjoyed doing this project that she added more information about the topic. undauntedly, students summer project should be student designed.

Despite this valid reasons there are does who think teacher should pick the topic. How ever they are wrong. Because students should be able to enjoy writing, and with the prompts the teacher gives out they just get stress out. Unquestibily, summer projects should be studenst desinged.

To close up studenst will gain knolege and enjoy writing. They will aslo do better in the project do to is in there best interest. And finally a summer project should be fun not boring. 