The Electoral College is a fundamental way of electeing the us persident. It's been in the us for over 200+ years so why change it now. It work for the founding fathers George Wsahington, Thomas Jefferson, And Benjamin Franklin. Like they old Quote "if it ani't broke don't fix it."

Some of the reasons people want to elminate the Electoral College is because the way it works. For example if you live in texas and want to vote for a John Kerry you'd actualy vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to kerry. Who knows if they win the statewide election and go to congress with kerry. And what if "this so called electors" don't even have or hold an public office, who are they in the first place and how do they get picked. Many people congressional men and women want the Eletoral college gone because of the close calls it's had to make and some think those pick favored or didn't favor the country.

Like the 2000 fiasco which was one of the biggest election crisis of the century. And not to mention the 1960 of John F Kennedy which many segregationists replaced democratic electors with new ones who would oppose Kennedy. And yet same even oppose their own party's candidate for some they choose. Some states even send two slates with in them it happened in Hawaii in the same election. Thankfully Vice Persident Richard Nixion only validated only his opponent's electors, made sure to do so without giving up a percent.

But still people say a state like California whos population is apromximently 35 million people and 2 senates get to have the say over them that's what may make it difficult. Rhode island aswell because they only have a minimal population so they are not off so bad like others. And what about the now large amount of illeagal emmagints whom can't get a vote because of citizenship. They need it to vote and the ones who can offten don't know who they're voting for. At most basic level it seems unfair because of the winner-take-all system.

I say keep it because if the Electoral College vote ties then then the US House of Rep. and the Senate choose the winners. The House The Persident and the Senate the Vice Persident. You are the one who choose those who govern you not them so therefore choose whom you want and give them the benefit of the doubt.            