In a Presidential vote, does the country ask only one person about who they want for president, or the whole country? You could only imagine what only having one person's opinion could do to this country. Having people vote as a whole seems to be very beneficial to America, and may be beneficial to you as well. Sometimes it is better to have multiple people state their opinion before you make a big decision. You should seek advice from multiple people because it will help make your choice easier, give you different viewpoints, and improve the outcome of your decision.

Making decisions by yourself gets hard and stressful at times. Seeking other's opinions on the subject may make your decision a lot easier. This takes some stress out of your choice because then you know what the majority thinks. At the end of the day it is still your choice to make, regardless of what anyone thinks or says. There are an endless amount of decisions that people seek personal opinions on no matter how serious. When you're going out to eat with a group you ask them where they want to go. The NFL or NBA Most Valuable Player isn't chosen by just one person, it's asked about by fans, coaches, and players to see who the majority thinks deserves it. Now this does not guarantee the right choice will be made, but in the past it has proven that it has the potential to be helpful.

Asking of multiple people's opinions on a subject offers different viewpoints to the situation. These different viewpoints could really effect your on view on a decision. Many people make poor choices because they are biased towards what they think is right. Most likely you will not get the same opinion and view on a situation over and over again. No matter how you look at it it's beneficial. Either you receive the same view over and over and it makes your decision very clear, or you get different viewpoints and a new way to look at the situation.

With the help of trustworthy and honest peers, your decision is a lot more dependable. Hearing what others believe to be true tends to help. You have to remember to ask trustworthy people, and even then your decision may not be a good one. Even some of the smartest people in America, including our president, congress, and all of the houses ask for opinions from the people. Sure a few bad choices have been made, but I strongly feel the good heavily outweigh the bad. I also believe that the good outweigh the bad on even tiny decisions made day to day when you have multiple different perspectives. You can't go wrong with other people's help on choices no matter how big or small.

You should seek advice from multiple people because it will help make your choice easier, give you different viewpoints, and improve the outcome of your decision. It is truly better to ask around for help on a topic then choose on your own. The are way more benefits than downfalls. For instance, out of all the presidents we have ever had, we've had many good ones and few bad ones. With different perspectives you can either add to your argument or see through another persons eyes on why they think what they think. Would you rather take the risk of making a poor choice or receive insight on what you should really do?