To acess what one needs in the world today, many would think one needs a car. Currently, cars are a big part of transportation for many people. However, they are also major contributers to negative environmental impact as well as the decline of cities public areas and transportation. Contrary to popular belief, limiting car usage can be benefcial to many. Currently, throughout the world several car free systems are operating well. A decrease in the number of cars on streets and highways would lead to positive improvments in public spaces, public transportation, and the environment as a whole.

Automobiles are one of the biggest ailments to the sustainment of a healthy environment. In "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars", author Elisabeth Rosenthal shares the story of Vauban, Germany and their efforts to reduce greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emmisions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." The impact of these gas emmsions is incredibly negative on cities. They make the environment unstable and unsafe for a large number of people. These numbers could easily be reduced if fewer people chose to rely on cars as their mode of transportation. In some places the pollution caused by automobiles is so high that the government is stepping in to assist in the management of city spaces. In "Paris bans driving due to smog", author Robert Duffer explains this specific situation in Paris, France. "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day." The effects of this temporary ban were also shared. "Congestion was down 60% in the capital of France, after five-days of intesifying smog." It is easy to see that just a small reduction of vehicles created a significant change.

The reduction of cars also leads to development. In "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky, improvments to Bogota, Colombia as a result of less car usage is expaned upon. "The day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in Bogota in the mid-1990s. It has seen the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths, the most of any Latin American city, according to Mockus, the city's mayor. Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have been cropped up." Cities are beggining to cater to the needs of those who don't  use cars. Their negative impact on city streets is finally being recognized, and many are taking action to improve aspects where they live other than roads. In "The End of Car Culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, the author discusses the goals of the United States and its major figures to reduce total reliance on cars. In this article Bill Ford, executive chairman of Ford Motor Company shares his hopes. "He proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commerical and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected netowork to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety." Many are striving to make public spaces more accessable to those who choose more concious methods of transport.

As many begin to see the importance of car reduction, they are becoming less reliant. In "The End of Car Culutre" by Elisabeth Rosenthal the decreasing numbers of people getting licenses and cars is discussed. "But America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. When adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis done by Doug Short of Advisor Perspectives, an investment reseach comapny." In this article, the disregard full time use of vehichles is also shown. "The Internet makes telecommunicating possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends. The renewal of center cities has made the suburbs less appealing and has drawn epty nesters back in. Likewise the rise in cellphones and car-pooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work. With all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit." People today can get access to a vehicle on command. Different resources make the constant use of cars unneccesary.

The decrease in usage of and reliance on cars is important and positively impactful. As number of cars on the road continues to go down, so do global issues such as the deterioration of the environment. Communities grow to orient themselves around public spaces accessable to all. Getting a significant number of automobiles off the road plays a huge role in inciting change that benefits a wide array of people in the way of work, time, money, and more, in communities and worldwide.    