Growing up most all of us have watched cartoons with self driving cars or movies with the idea of a car that can drive itself. But can you imagine if that idea could soon become real? Google and many other companys have been trying at this idea for years and have been very succseful with the expirement. The idea of a self driving car has snagged the attention of many people and especially Google who have acaully made this come true in 2009 when they made the first self driving car. These cars a have drove all over without a single acident reported.

So as you can imagine this sparks the question, Are self driving car safer on the roads then normals car? Well self driving car all based on sensors that detect anything and everything in the road. They keep with the speed limit adamatically, stop at aproprited time and also slow down when is needed. Adomatic cars will reduce the amount of accidents we have on the road by a lot. Accident are moslty caused by a driver, with adomatic cars, they will stop quicker than a person has time to react. But this plan will only work if everyone gets a smart car. Say if three out of four people get a smart car there will still be some normal cars left on the road, which with those cars an aciddent can be made. Self driving cars can avoid all the natural accident such as an animal running in the road or bad weather conditons. In addition to that many driver become sleepy or distracted when it come to driving, when self driving car are machines that will not do that.

With self drving cars there will be no need to get a license. Many teens struggle with passing the lenglthy test to get your license. As people age one of the most common things to get bad is eye sight. This self driving cars elders can still do the things they need to do such as go to the store or visit family with have to relie on other people for tranportation.

Self driving cars are going to be the safest option on the roads today. They aviod accidents, reduce the cost of normal veichals and are more efficent than normals cars. This is why these self driving google car should be developed.           