The whole purpose of democracy is to create a government that reflects the desires, opinions, and attitudes of the people being governed, but how can this be achieved if the people aren't fairly represented during election time, presidential or otherwise? This is the problem with the Electoral College system; it puts all of decision-making power in the hands of our electors, not the citizens themselves. To begin with, the electors selected by citizens are capable of defying the will of the people they were chosen to represent. Next, in the case of a tie, the opinions of millions of people would be overlooked. Finally, because the Electoral College encourages candidates to focus on obtaining votes instead informing all voters about their intentions, only the influential "swing" states receive enough attention from candidates to make a well-informed decision when voting. When it comes to something as serious as the fate of our country, citizens cannot put their faith in the such a corrupt system as the Electoral College.

First of all, the Electoral College system creates a window of opportunity for "faithless" electors to take advantage of the power given to them by society during the voting process. Under the Electoral College, voters do not vote directly for who they want as president, but instead for a slate of electors, who in turn select the president. Although these electors may pledge themselves to a particular candidate, there is no way to determine whether or not they end up casting their vote according to the will of the people who put them in charge. Such an unpredictable turn of events could be avoided if only the outcomes of presidential elections were determined by popular vote, not through an Electoral College.

Secondly, if a tie were to occur, the opinions of countless citizens would be ignored. In this case, the election would be thrown to the House of representatives, were delegates from each state would vote on the president. Since each state has only one vote to cast, a vote from a state containing 500,000 people would carry the same weight as a vote representing the opinions of 35 million. Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for Congress, the selection made by the House of Represenatives can hardly be expected to respesent the will of the people.    