I do think students can benefit from being able to attend classes from home. My reasoning to why is because students could learn better in the comfort of their own homes, benefit from no distractions, and attending online classes can help students with social differences.

Therefore being comfortable can help your work ethic. When in the comfort of your own home it's better to study, read, and stay focused. For example around students or an area your uncomfortable with can stop you from doing your best. But if you are in a environment that your more comfortable with you can work better. When your comfortable you learn better.

Secondly the ability to benefit from home with no distraction is more cable then being in a school setting with distraction. For example you can choose where and when to learn in your home with no distraction at all. But in school the options are scares. When a student is surrounded by a lot of other students and staff the drive to stay focus can be limited. There also could be students who stop classes from learning by being very distracting tends to being at home with no distraction at all.

In addition attending online classes could help students with social differences. Sometimes students may have a problems speaking up or asking a question when confused because the pace of the class is way to fast. For example students with social differences can have trouble communicating in uncomfortable places. They can even have a panic attack when put on the spot to answer a question or present in front of the class. Instead taking online classes would really benefit. You wouldn't even have to worry about these things.

In conclusion I do think attending classes from home can benefit a student. For the same reason as students learning better in the comfort of their homes, having no distractions, and the fact that it can help a student with social differences. I believe attending classes from home can help in many different ways such as the ones that I included in my statement today. Thanks for reading and hearing my position on this issue.

Generic_Name 