While owning a car may seem like the most important possession a person can have, it is becoming more beneficial to find a way to live without them. Cities around the world are turning in their cars, even if just for a day, and finding that it brings plenty of advantages to make up for what could be seen by some as a troublesome lack of easy transportation. Both the environment and and the well being of the people are grateful for the new change, and examples of such will follow.

To begin, according to "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, one can learn about Vauban, Germany, a place manifested so that residents of the upscale community must give up their cars. While residents are still permitted to own cars, they must be kept in large garages at the edges of the community. Here, the owner of the car must buy a space within the garage, along with a home in the residence. Parking on the streets is forbidden, along with driveways and home garages. The streets of the residency are completely free of cars, except for a few streets on one side of the community, and for where the tram to downtown runs through. Most of the citizens of Vauban choose not to own a car, or sold their car in order to move to the community, and find they are much more content in their lifestyle because of it. Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, stated that she is "much happier this way", explaining that she was always tense while in possession of a car. This community was created as a prime example to showcase the advantages of limited (or forbidden) car usage, and it is now being used as the basis of the growing trend around the world, including America and more places in Europe, in which suburban life is being seperated from its former dependance on auto use.

Furthermore, the reduction of air pollution and smog has become a major advantage in the limitation of car usage. After suffering through days of near-record pollution, Paris, France had composed a temporary driving ban in an attempt to clear the air, according to Rober Duffner in "Paris Bans Driving due to Smog". The passage goes further to explain that the ban followed five days of smog that rivalled the likes of Beijing, China, which is widely recognized for being one of the most polluted cities in the world. Exceptions to the ban were made for hybrids and cars carrying three or more passengers, and public transportation was made to be free. Once the smog cleared enough, the ban was lifted and citizens were allowed back to the road, but the reduction of auto usage was what saved the air from becoming overly polluted. Moreover, in Bogota, Colombia, citizens participate in a car-free day, entitled Day Without Cars, once a year to reduce smog in the cities, according to "Car-free Day is Spinning Into a Big Hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky. Violators are charged with $25 fines, but, according to Bogota Mayor Antanas Mockus, the people participate, and the turnouts are large. This day without cars, which has begun to spread to other Colombian cities, is a fantastic way to reduce both air pollution and stress, and is a part of a campaign to oversee the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths, which, according to Mayor Mockus, is the most of any city in Latin America.

In addition, "The End of Car Culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal tells the reader of the new goals created to cut down on America's greenhouse gas emissions. According to the passage, the goals, set by President Obama, have been graciously aided by recent studies which show that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and have been making less of an effort to get a license as the years go by. With transportation being the second largest source of the nation's carbon emissions, behind power plants, this pattern, if maintained, will most likely have majorly benificial impacts on the environment.

All in all, there are many advantages that could easily come with limiting car usage, including the reduction of smog and a more pleasent lifestyle for the citizens who decide to limit or cease their auto usage. While transportation issues may arise when people begin to give up their motorized vehicle, or if they decide to not purchase one in the first place, as many already have, a quick purchase of a bike or the use of public transit can solve at least some of them.    