greenhouse gasses have always been a problem that riddled america and also politics, but many other countrys are limiting their usage of cars. paris even made there be specific days where people will keep their cars at home or be fined. paris is among the most densley polluted citys on earth, and they thought it might be good for everybody to take a break from polluting the city and maybe breath easy for a few days. almost 4,000 drivers were fined a total of 31 dollars (US) and 27 people had their cars impounded because they were upset about the fines. Its nice to see a country actually care about what it is doing to the enviroment, but it might take something big for other countrys to follow suit.

the small city in columbia bogota also took part in reducing the emmissions in the air. bogta encouraged the public to stay inside and anyone violating this rule was fine 25 dollars, many people would take out their bicycles and ride those around opposed to driving and polluting the air. the campaign in bogota bagan in the mid 1990s and has constructed 118 miles of bike paths ever since. other countrys should follow what bogota is trying to do, because if we dont pollute the earth too much then we can live her longer.

president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse emmissions, unveiled last week ,will geta fortuitous assist from an incipent shift in american behavior: recent studies suggest that america is buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer liscenses as years go by. that has left researchers pondering a fundamental question:has america passed peak driving? the united states with its broad expanses and suburban ideals, had been one of the worlds prime car cultures. it is the birth place of the model T; the home of detroit; the place where Wilson Pickett immortalized "mustang sally" just kidding im not gonna copy all of that. but really america has cut down on the use of cars and we should be proud.

in nelson nevada there are no more cars to be found, people are literally flying everywhere! it sounds crazy, but its not ,because researchers in the area were working on a new unknown chemical when all of the sudden somehow the chemical got leaked into the citys water system and well it had profound effects on everybody and now people are flying everywhere, nelson nevada plans to make a super highway in the clouds including speed limits and even police officers. this has really changed society.

if we all just rode bikes everywhere then there wouldnt be emissions and we could save the world! sorry i know this essay kinda sucked but writing isnt my stronghold sorry.    