Dear Senator,

I believe that the Electoral College should stay. I believe this because even though many people think of it as a horrible way to have presidential elections, it's probably more effective this way. When people first hear about the Electoral College, they automatically assume that they don't matter to the election, that everything is taken care of by the Electoral College, that if they didn't vote, nothing would change. Now if 1 or 2 people actually had this mentality, then it wouldn't matter, but it's not just 1 or 2 people, it's a pretty big amount of the American population.

The Electoral College seems as though our government wouldn't stand for this. As I stated before, the people feel as though their vote doesn't matter. This is not true. The Electoral College only work if people vote. They need the people's votes so that they know which groups are voting for which candidate. Now of course, this system is flawed. There will always be flaws in every system that humans do. We haven't yet to have made anything flawless, but the Electoral College has far less flaws than the vote by the general population.

I assume that the entire voting system, no matter how much we change it for better, will always be flawed and have the most flaws because we are choosing the leader of our nation. Someone somewhere will always do something wrong or figure out how to cheat the system in some way. The Electoral College is going to be the best way to handle this situation for a while. The people need to realize that their vote does matter (except in the case of Democrats in Texas, Republicans in California, etc.). People need to understand that the Electoral College is the best way to go.

This whole situation about believing whether or not the Electoral College should remain should be non-existent. People just don't understand that this is the best way to go so that the vote is as fair as possible and that the votes won't come in by the thousands. I hope that this letter makes you understand the people's thoughts on this situation. I also hope it gives you the motivation to create some sort of video or program that teaches people about the Electoral College with a lot of detail so that they understand why the Electoral College exists and why it isn't a direct vote from the people.    