Dear principle

I am aware that you may take the action of making community service a requirement to all students. This action is inevitably going to cause controversy among students. I for one am very against this upcoming decision. Not only would this cause disruption, but it is also unfair, and will be just like forcing students to work using physical means to receive a good grade.

Now then lets take a dive into what your pending decision would impact upon us.

Lets face it many students do not or would not opt to participate in community service, its just unavoidable. Many or a majority of the students would refuse to partake in this service. I doubt i would not hear complaints about this very soon. who knows what actions those who opposes being required for service would take? They might use various as well as dangerous means to let their voices be heard.

Not only that but in my opinion it would be unjust to require us to do physical activity. Although not on a serious level like something like slaves would be, but this is the united states of

America. We should have the right to refuse community service, and let the voluntary people do the work that they want to partake in. Again as stated before think of what those who oppose would take not only during the pre-anger state of mind before doing service but during the service. They could do the opposite of what they are asked to do during the activities.

Most things in life come with or without reward? Right? Well if the case (and it would be very likely to). We were to receive a grade for participation in cleaning up our community that would be unfitting. We already have physical education to make us do physical work for a letter grade. Although P. E does this to some extent community service would be outrages. Sweating for an A ? I quite frankly do not think so.

Is that enough for you? Is that enough to make you postpone or abort this decision? Well if you want to have rebels around the school you obviously do not. hey, or maybe if you want to accomplish the opposite of your original goal ,do it. If you want to be the principle who accepted this offer to make us do unfair activities, well then go right ahead. I think i have proven my point in bold fashion, do you disagree?