Dear State Senator,

I truly have no opinion on the electoral college and whether or not to keep it, but as this topic insists I must write my own opinion to you and here is what I think. Even with this article sort of informing me on this topic I still seem to have a misunderstanding (or no understanding) of what the Electoral College really is or what it does. Perhaps this is because of the lack of information I'm given about our government, or perhaps its because what the electoral college does is quite irrelevant to me and my fellow peers.

From what I have gathered though, the electoral college is a group of people that citizens vote for and these people are then allowed to elect a president? I am sure there is a lot more to it but from that statement which is proven true by the article, I think the electoral college is dumb. Instead of electing biased people to choose a biased president, why can't we just let the citizens elect a president; someone who appeals to us and not a large group of people that get hated on all the time. By having the electoral college it's like the government is lying to us."Oh hey, we believe our citizens are the REAL people in charge of this country, but we aren't going to ever take off their training wheels." Our government hasn't actually said that. but it's the kind of vibe majority of Americans get.

However, there are probably plus sides to the Electoral college as well. Most people when they don't end up with the results that they weren't hoping for, will question and occuse the oppoing side. As a result of this, elections run by popular vote would always turn into a huge drama infused battle, with the losing side accusing the winning side. This could result in uneccessary recounts; delaying us of a president for even longer than it should.

As I said in the beginning though, I really have no opinion on this matter nor do I truly care. What I think is we should keep things fair for our citizens but also plan ahead and think of the possible negative outcomes that could come from whatever we end up doing. So, should we keep the Electoral College? Well that's a matter that I feel should be discussed by other people.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME    