Dear State Sentator,

A lot of chatter about weather the president should be elected by electoral college or by popular vote is going around my school for the past couple of weeks, and i can't help but to give my own opinion about this argument. I believe that the popular vote should descide who is the president.

I believe this because of two reasons. One, the citizens are the ones that are going to have to deal with this good or bad president for four years and possibly eight years. Also the satate senators can be bribed by one or the other candidates running for president. This candidate could have the worst plans for the next four years and all because he cheated to win. This could cause riots and uprawrs around the United States.

Two, Electoral College is unfair to voters because of the winner-take-all system. What this means is that candidates are not going to focus on the staes that they know they wont get any votes from. for example in source tw, during the campain of 2000, sevebnteen states were not visited by either candidates so they didn't get to see any campain ads. this is unfair because it makes it harder, alomost impossible for these states to choose on who to vote for because they had no presentations to choose from. this puts to much power in the candidates hands.

Some may believe otherwise. For example, since the Electoral votes are from very experienced people that have put there life and time into knowing about what is right and wrong. they are much more experience than the normal citizens. Also Electoral College prevents run-off elections to occur. for example in source three, the electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes casted. This causes lots of pressure which would greaatly complicate the presidential election process. With Electoral Collage, this produces a clear winner.

In my own opinion the one that decideds the winner is popular votes. There can still be Elector Collage votes, but the Electoral votes have to much power and is unfair to the citizens of the united states.    