The electoral college is a process,not a place. are founding fathers established it so that congress and election of the president by popular vote of qualified citizens. The Electoral college consists of the selection of the electors where they vote for the president vice president an the counting of the electoral votes by congress. thew number of electoral college consists of 538 electors. majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. Why do the state of senator wish to take away electoral college votes? because they think there is to much voting bc under the electoral college system voters vote not just for the president but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the president. but who pick the electors? who are the electors? the electors can be anyone that not holding public officean they pick the electors by the state. that how voters sometimes get confused about electors and vote. But the outcome of all this is that electoral college vite is possible an its less likely to dispute over the popular vote. A electoral vote is possible because the total number of vites is 538 is an even number. So to rap it all up it can be argued that the electoral collge method of selecting the president may turn off pontenial voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying for their state. voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. so state senator i think we should keep the electoral college.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            