To the Principle,

The policy I think you should put in affect is the first policy that allows students to have their cell phones in school but it cannot be present or used during class times. I choose this policy because it seemed reasonable. From pass experiences I found myself in situations where I needed to use my cell phone and I wasn't able to. One reason why she shouldn't pick the second policy the one that says no phones at all is because of safety. What if one doesn't take the school bus and left their t-bus money home how are they going to reach their parents and tell them they have no money? Little situations like this can happen everyday and this may cause frustration among parents and guardians.

The second reason is because the second policy is just unfair. From the pictures I've seen in the video not all the students were on their phones. Some were actually doing their work so putting policy number two would just make innocent people suffer. School is a place of learning new things and experiencing things you wouldn't at home so if students want to text and talk on their phones I say, let them because their futures are in their hands and if they want to talk to their friends and text about what boys they are going out with or what they are doing after school I think that's their problem.

Take it from a student, most rules are broken so I really doubt students aren't going to stop bringing their phones to school for example in our school gum isn't allowed but students continue to bring gum and chew it in school the rules and the detention doesn't stop them. But if you make something reasonable and fair maybe the usage of phone doing school hours will stop. It's 2011 thing are changing many teens and now kids have phones. I'm pretty sure the reason their parents bought it for them is for communication, with them I may add. So if you take that away who will they be able to communicate during a emergency. Yes some students misuse their ability to use phones but you shouldn't everyone.

STUDENT_NAME      