Dear state senator, I am wriitting you this letter to argue about removing the Electoral college. Using the electoral college has caused some disrruption when its it comes to the votes. From the article "The indefensible electoral college" it says that "under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors". Who are the electors? well anyone can be an elector not holding public office. Can voters control whom their electors vote for? no. these are one of the reasons to remove the electoral college.

Also, the electoral college should be removed because of the 2000 voting fiasco that happened. from the article "The indefensible electoral colllege" it says it was the biggest election crisis in the century". Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for  picking electors, and that those electors wioll always defy the will of the people. If we the people vote for our choice to run this country their should not be any of these fiascos.

Next, even presidents, AFL-CIO in their time have aggreed with this. they all want to remove the electoral college. according to the article a gallup pole in 2000, taken shortly after Algore thanks to the quirks of the electoral college won the popular vote but won the presidency, over 60 percent of the voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. Electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner take all system in each state, canidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states.

Finally,the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. This system should be removed you might not know what elector you are votingfor or after that 2000 fiasco why would you still have have the electoral college.

In conclusion, these are my reasons why the electoral college should be removed. first, you wont know what elector you are voting for. Next, the 2000 fiasco. Finally, because it is unfair, outdated and irrational.    