The United States has one of the worst public school systems in the modern world. Places like Sweden and Denmark show fantastic, flawless designs that allow students to properly use their time for both school and non-school activities. Our public schools, however, show many flaws that were enacted by generations in the past. Students fail to learn proper time management, as they are forced to go to places they are unfamiliar with and follow prepared schedules in and out of class. As this continued, the government discovered the flaws and are beginning to try new solutions. One of these solutions is online classes that students can take at home. I believe that Students would benefit from online learning because it allows the students to learn in places more familiar to them, relearn challenging information, and build proper time management skills.

One of the systems' largest problem is forcing students to attend and learn in places that are unfamiliar and daunting to them. According to majority of students in a poll last year, research has shown that students consider school buildings as uncomfortable, as well as unfamiliar. On that same poll, the same research claimed that students found the idea of learning at home appealing, and a much better suited place to learn. This same evidence supports the ideas that parents whose children are in homeschooling programs share. Hearts, a homeschooling program ran through Generic_City and all over the east coast, has a much larger graduation rate in students and higher averaged grades than public schools in the same areas. Some people could argue that this holds the threat of exposing distractions to students. With the ability to modify their own environment, students can create their own spaces that allow them to concentrate on their studies with ease. All of this information supports the idea that learning at home is a working solution that the government should endorse and improve within their schools.

The second reason that online classing would be a good idea is the ability to allow students to study specifically hard material. Majority of current online classing has a system that allows teachers to record or stream lectures that explain the material. Then, if students had questions, the teacher could answer them in the stream or message the students independently. This method is fantastic, because all of the lectures can be recorded and shown for future reference at other times. If students didn't understand the material, they could just load up the needed information and relearn it and solidify the information into their memory. With this, students can make sure that they received and understood all of the content that they need to know for the classes that they are taking.

Finally, online classing would give students the opportunity to learn valuable time management skills. Along with having control over setting, students would be given control over how they use their time. Homeschooled students often have a lot of time to allocate for school and other activities. This is essential for every student to understand and master, as they will have the same choices when they grow into adults. Students who have other obligations outside of school will be allowed to modify their learning time each day, as well as take breaks from work as needed. Many people argue that students can abuse this opportunity as to skip learning altogether, and allow them to grow bad habits. The entire purpose behind having the choice is to learn from mistakes. If no mistakes were made, then no one could improve. Online classing allows students to learn what to do in a safe and open environment. Without that chance, students would make the same mistakes in more important matters, and harm their well being later in life.

The largest flaw that has been located is this: some students benefit more from learning in person rather than online. The beauty behind this whole process is that online classes don't eliminate the ability to have face to face classroom interactions that students have today. Yes, online classes are meant to somewhat eliminate this factor, but in person interactions are also needed to have students grow. Hearts, the program mentioned above, has a system that has students meet their teachers in person once or twice a week. This allows teachers to show students real life applications with the information taught in class, as well as give students the ability to have social interaction with both teachers and other students. This allows the students to gain the pros of both online classing and the modern classroom interaction

Students would benefit from online learning because it allows the students to learn in places more familiar to them, relearn challenging topics and units, and build proper time management skills. Throughout this article, evidence has been placed that support all three of these factors. Learning at home gives the students the ability to be taught in more comfortable environments rather than the common classroom. The ability to relearn lectures and other class materials allow students to master the topics given to them. Time management skills can be learned, as the students are given control over the ability to use their time in ways that they think is best. Even some of the common flaws of online classing has been addressed and solved. The ability to change the way we learn is something that I believe is essential to allow minds to reach their highest potential. No one learns the same way as the person next to them. That is why if people are starved of the choice to learn the way that they want, then us as a country will not be able to grow along with the rest of the world. If this method is amplified and improved, then America can become one of the most educated countries on earth.