The opportunity to attain a new style of education such as online schooling should be taken because, If students dont live near any schools that can provide a good education they can do online classes for a better school, If a student is sick they dont have to miss any class work and have their grade effected, And if a student has to leave their town they would be able to keep up with their work.

Some students who live near lower quality school wont get a very good education, But if they had online classes they would have an opportunity to learn at a higher level. Generic_Name lives in a low income area of where he lives and his education is not going the best but with online schooling he could receive education from elsewhere. There are millions of students just like Generic_Name that just want a better education, and with online school this is possible. This isnt just low income areas many schools in higher income areas give poor educations too. Generic_Name lives in north Dakota and there are NO schools in his area but with online classes he could attend online school in a different state. Rather than living near a low quality school Generic_Name dose not live near any schools at all. With online schooling Generic_Name could get the education he needs to be a success in the modern world. In conclusion online schooling give learning opportunities to those who would not normally receive them.

Students all over the united states and the world get sick everyday, But with online classes obstacles such as these would not be as detrimental. In October Generic_Name missed two weeks of school because he had the flu and couldnt leave his bed but if he would have had online classes he could just have done them from home and not have had his grades impacted so severely. Like many others Generic_Name had become sick and had to miss school and many assignments if he would have been able to do his classes online There would have been little to no impact. If more schools would pick up online schooling there would not be incidents like this anymore. Generic_Name recently got back from a trip to France with his family and unfortunately was infected with COVID-19 ( Coronavirus) and now he will have to miss an extended period of school and be quarantined meaning he cant receive an education, But if he could do his work online he would be able to continue to receive an education while quarantined. This being a much more serious scenario of missing school that as of right now schools should start to take into consideration, none the less having online school would solve one of the problems this child is facing. Both of these students could have their grades remain intact if there was online schooling. In conclusion there would be no more need for sick days if when a student is sick they can just work from home.

If a student has to leave town for one reason or another they would still receive an education along as they had access to a computer. Generic_Name went on vacation to Generic_City with her family four days before spring break started so she missed a little bit of school, But if she brought a computer she would not have to fall behind. Generic_Name had to miss school but she had a computer with her so there would be no problem if she could do her work online. This might seem silly to some schools but it would be very helpful to students. Generic_Name had to leave Virginia because her grandmother was diagnosed with cancer and her family wanted to spend time with her in her final months if there was a computer there Generic_Name wouldnt have to miss any class work. Some scenarios of students not being in school are much more serious and the make-up work could be solved while they're away. If there was online school Generic_Name would have one less thing to worry about when she returned. In conclusion online school could help students with catching up on missed class for any reason.

In conclusion if students could attend school online it would solve problems such as, Not living near any schools or any decent schools, students falling ill and being un-able to attend school regularly, And finally If students needed to miss school for family matters. Some might say that having students learn online would encourage them to procrastinate or just skip but not all students are going to just skip school and procrastinate this would actually solve a big problem for many students. In conclusion schools providing online school would solve many more problems than it would create, and it would create new teaching jobs.