Many school officials have been questioning whether or not students should participate in extracurricular activities. Extracurricular activities like sports, working on the yearbook, or serving in the student council can contribute a lot to a student's view on school. In addition to this, students will pay more attention to their grades and behavior. Students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it is a great way for them to learn new things, get a break from learning all day, and get to socialize and make more friends.

In school, many students dislike to learn new things. By having one extracurricular activity, students will have a great way of learning new things. Sports are something we usually do during gym class, but in gym class at our school we move fast through any unit that we do. Having at least one extracurricular activity will give students a chance to enjoy participating in sports that they like. Also students will get to learn more about this sport and even later on join a team. There are a lot of creative students at my school. Students who want to learn about photography, drawing, and constructing things will have a great opportunity to by joining a extracurricular activity that involves this. I would like to add on that when I joined a drawing club, I learned many new things like blending colors. Additionally, training on your mindset is very important. By having a extracurricular activity like chess or board games, students will get to learn how to play board games that they have been wanting to try. Learning new things from extracurricular activities could be very helpful to students because later on they might have a chance to use this information.

Learning all day can be very hard on some students. By joining a extracurricular activity, students will be able to have a break from learning all day. Many students by the end of the day are very tired after learning for so long. By participating in an extracurricular activity students will clear their mindset. In addition to this, having a break from learning can make students feel more relieved and they will pay more attention during class. If students decide to join extracurricular activities like drawing, they will be able to calm down. It has been a proven fact that drawing will make you calm down, so by doing a extracurricular activity, students will be at ease and contribute more during class. Learning all day is very stressful and takes a lot of energy, so therefore students should participate in calm and relaxing extracurricular activities that will give them a break from school and at the same time help them pay more attention toward school.

Socializing is something that some shy students struggle with. Extracurricular activities give students a chance to make more friends and socialize. As a shy person, when I first came to my school I was struggling to find some good friends that I could trust. Later on I decided to join a chess club and a drawing club and I made great friends. Joining a extracurricular activity can give shy students a way to to train on socializing, meaning that they could practice how to socialize and even overcome their fear of socializing by talking to people in their extracurricular activity. At school, some students who are not shy can be very loud and disruptive during class. If these students join a extracurricular activity, they will not want to socialize as much during class because they will have a extracurricular activity that they could join and talk and share their opinions there. Extracurricular activities are very helpful towards students who want to make some friends and socialize, so therefore making students participate in at least one is necessary.

Students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it is very helpful for them. Students get to learn many new things and this might even help them chose their future career. Learning new things can be very tiring to some students and they might not even be able to handle so much information, so by joining a extracurricular activity students will get to have a break from school. To add on, students will will have the chance to socialize and make more friends. Learning can be very difficult for some students, but by participating in at least one extracurricular activity, students will be able to enjoy learning new things, get a break from learning all day, and will get to socialize and make more friends. Therefore students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because this activity will help them with their school life and their grades. Do you think that students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity?      