Everyday I wake up and catch the bus at 6:50 in the morning, and I don't get home until 5:45 at night. That's nearly twelve hours of being on the bus and being at school when I could be doing something more productive like cleaning my room, sleeping, or studying for a test. As much as I don't like school, taking it online would hardly be helpful. Some people may say that taking school online or with video cameras is beneficial. Clearly, they are wrong because it would be easy to cheat and students would face isolation.

With online school, it would be extremely easy to cheat. Many students would say that they would never do such a thing, that they must honor their integrity, but they're lying. Teenagers are impulsive, and if there is an easy road out, we are going to take it, simple as that. For example, if a teacher gives an assignment and they say the answer key is on schoology to check our work, we're going to maybe attempt it. When we don't succeed, guess where we're going: Schoology. I'm saying that I don't trust teenagers to be able to honestly do every single assignment on their own especially if there are no eyes watching. Another example of this would be in a scenario of this said online school. Imagine that there's a big test due on the 18th in math that you haven't studied for. Today is the 17th. Everyone else has done the test and taken pictures of it in case their computers shut down, while others had malicious intent. You haven't studied at all. Your failure is imminent as you already have a C in the class and you need a C to graduate. Your heart is thumping, you don't want to seem a failure to your parents. So what do you do? Ask the teacher for an extension? No, he's too strict and he's going to say no. So you think your only option is to cheat. So you text a student who took picures for the wrong reason. You get the answers you so desperately wanted. But at what cost? You take the test and get a 70. You nearly failed, but you didn't. You find out a few days later that several students have asked for an extension and received one. That is the mindset a lot of students go through when they cheat on a test or assignment. Some people are going to say that happens regardless of whether or not it's in person or online. They are wrong because it's much easier to cheat online with a very low chance of getting caught.

One thing a person could face while attending online school is isolation. In prison, solitary confinement is a punishment, so why make it an everyday thing as a free person? The best part about school for most, if not all, of us is our friends. For those with best friends, going a long time without them is a task. You don't have your laughing buddy and you miss them, even if you have other friends you couldnt be with. Most people feel sad when they don't have a friend to be with them in class and share the same struggles with when you fail or do bad. School is at least seventy-seven percent better when you have friends to go at it with. When you're in your room all day learning, that's no fun. School is required by the government and is already sad enough as it is. The only thing that personally keeps me going is my friends. Without them, I would have no will to do my work as they are the ones constantly telling me to do this and do that and don't procrastinate. Those friendly reminders are honestly what keep me from failing my classes. I couldn't name all the times I forgot to do an assignment and my friends were like, "did you do so and so?" And I would say, "oh wow I completely forgot about that, thanks for reminding me," and would get started at lunch or in the morning. So if school were to be offered online, those reminders would fall through the cracks and I would have missing assignments left and right. People may say that school online doesn't affect friendships. On the contrary, they are extremely wrong because you wouldn't be able to see them everyday as you normally do during the school day.

Some people say that taking school online or with video cameras is beneficial. However, they are incorrect because it would be easy to cheat and students would face isolation from their friends. Cheating would be readily available as you don't have the teachers eyes on you which makes it easier to cheat, no matter how honest a teenager says they are because we are impulsive beings who rarely think logically. Isolation would be a terrible added factor of online school as friends keep most of us going during the school day.