Heres something you might be interested in doing activities outside that you may have never wanted to do before. yes you should do extracurriculars because you could get out of the house more, do something that your really passoinate about and could maybe do that for a living when your older, and you could try new things and expiernce things you havent expierenced before.

Getting out of the house more it could be something as simple as taking your kids to the YMCA. You dont always have to be excersizing to be outside or doing something other than being in your house all day. When you get out of the house you think about things like walking the dof through the neighborhood, or dropping your kids off with thier friends somewhere but you never really think about other things you could be doing when your not busy. You could hands down take a long walk around the neighborhood matter fact you could even jog/run,You could pick up some trash around the neighborhood and watch the ecosystem and get out more.

When you doing something your passionate about you dont wanna stop doing it. So what im saying is if you find the right thing for you your out of the ball park. You have a chance to get away from the world and do what you love doing when your not doing school work or other things like that. You have a chance t be yourself without people judging everything little thing that goes on in your life. Plus if your really goos at it you could do your passion for a living whe your older like you could get a job that has something to do with something your really interested in and getting paid a little better than you would doing something thats not fun at all.

You could try things that you usually wouldnt try when you are staying at home playignvideo games and watching netflix in your room. And maybe if you try the right thing you will really get into it and keep getting better at whatever your interested in. Sometimes your sitting at home bored because you dont spend enough time doing other things like for exam[ple you could go out side and do a couple laps around your house to get a little bit more energy out. All I can tell you is when you find something your interested in you will know it because your gonna want to do it 24/7.

I hope that you really take into consideration doing some extracurriculars. You would really like doing something your interested in instead of just sitting around at home ding absolutely nothing. Some people just take awhile to find what their interested in but when they find it they stick with it until the day they can't anymore. Thanks for listening to what I had to say abour extracurricular activities hope to see you trying them sooner or later.