Dear state senator, i write you a letter to argue for you as the state senator to keep the election just as it is;as ''

Electoral College

''.

To begin, you as the state senator have to keep the "

Electoral College"

("The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens.")in paragraph tree from the article "

Does the Electoral College Work?

"by the Office of the Federal Register it says "the Electoral college consists of five hundred thirty eight electors. A majority of two hundred seventy electoral votes is required to elect the President. Your state's entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its congressional delegation: one for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your senators. . . ." it is easier for us to select the electors and the electors pick the President. in paragraph five from the article "

Does the Electoral College Work?

"it clearly explains that they all have their own group so therefore they know whats going on and what they all offer."Each candidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected on what their responsabilities are . . .".

In addition,i am not saying that the

Electoral College is right in everything because

Electoral College has its difficulties too,just like choosing the popular vote for the President. for example

Electoral College . . . their difficulties are that "Under the Electoral college system,voters vote not for the President,but for a slate of electors,who in turn elect the president. If you lived in texas,for instance, and wanted to vote for [John] Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of thirty four Democratic electors pledge to Kerry. On the off-chance that those electors won the statewide election, they would go to congress and Kerry would get thirty four electoral votes. Who are the Electors? They can be anyone not holding public ofice." so that is pretty bad but yet choosing you own President would'nt be okey neither because it would be harder and no one can give Presidents the ideas and the presidents would have to come up with the ideas alone.

in conclusion, you as the State Senator have to leave the "Electoral College" and not change it to "selection  by popular vote for the president of the united states".    