Online classes have been becoming a popular thing, and I see some reasons why they are. Online classes are cheaper, can be flexible, can make a student gain confidence, and allow for multitasking. This all benefits the student in some way, whether it is very big or not. I personally agree with those who say online classes benefit students, and with good reason to support my decision. Though some places dont support online classes, there always other places to try out at that may offer similar classes to those you want to attend online, and they might have better benefits than those at a different school.

To begin this all off, money is a crucial thing in life no matter who you are. The people that are most affected by money problems are students, and this is due to class and material costs. Online classes are about 35-50 percent cheaper in some places. This is great for those who dont have enough money to attend a class at the actual school. If you ever plan on attending a online class, always check the price compared to going to the campus or school in person. This can help you think about which classes to take and at which place. Online classes can also cut down on the cost of materials needed for the class you wanna take online. Though they may seem not worth it, a online class can cut the cost of a class by a lot, and this in turn helps the student pay for required materials he may need for the class to attend it.

Secondly, online classes are flexible most of the time. This is great for those who have to bend their schedule a some to fit in some class time during the week. Not only that, but online classes have even been shown to allow students to get jobs and make some money while they are attending these classes for things they need to advance in life. Online classes can even be scheduled nowadays, but that feature is only at some schools. This flexibility may come in handy for when you need to get a check up, or even if you have a serious medical issue and need to find out what it is. As a note though, always check to see if the class is very flexible, and this is due to being able to have time to make up for what you miss. And as I have seen, many complain that classes are not flexible by much if not at all. This is due to the fact of who teaches the class, what class it is, and the school itself. Always make sure you double check the teacher, the class, and the school itself to see if it is flexible enough for you to attend it without feeling too confined or inflexible. Scientific research shows that this feeling can lower a students work effort by almost 100 percent. That is why you must always ask if a class flexible enough for you to take without feeling confined.

Thirdly, Online classes can allow a person to feel less shy and gain confidence. Shyness is something students have a lot of. In fact, almost 60 percent of students have some shyness in them if not at all. This shyness can affect if not ruin the class, making new friends, and even doing classwork with other students when needed. Online classes can solve this as they can give a sense of friendliness towards strangers. Though many complain that they are not shy and need to talk with someone in person, online classes can help those who tend to be more shy than others are. This allows even moderately shy students the ability to focus on their class, or classes, and not worry about having to be shy towards teachers and fellow students.

Finally, online classes can help with multitasking. Multitasking is a crucial thing in life for you will need to do it most of your life anyway. From running errands to visiting your doctor on the same day, online classes are able to allow time for multitasking. In 2009, they found out those who did online classes multitask better than those who were always on campus to take the same class. This is very good since multitasking is a crucial life skill, and online classes can help this at home. when at home online classes can allow a person to do his laundry, clean his house, and even do dishes and still be in class. Another reason for multitasking is that it can improve your flexibility by at least 25 percent, and that is great for those who need to fit in time for other things in life such as exercise.

As I mentioned, online classes are popular and do benefit students. They do this by helping cut costs and help save them money for things they need most in life, flexibility to make up work and to do things that they need to in life, help a student build or gain confidence, and allow for multitasking. This all helps a student get through a class by improving the class conditions, or by making it more comfortable for them emotionally. Though online classes aren`t in person and some classes are not very flexible, they can help shy students feel less worried. And as I mentioned as well, there are a lot of schools that may offer the same class with better flexibility than the school you want to go for that class.

Overall, online classes can help a student get through a class cheaply, confidently, with flexibility, and with the ability of multitasking. 