Do you think that the Unmasing face on Mars was created by akiens? Well my friens joe that i work with believes that the face on mars was. Joe and I are sciemtist for NASA, and we are here to discus the Unmasking face on Mars. So my friend Joe believes that the face on Mars was created by aliens. So here are some reasons why he believes hat he does on this theory. Joe said that "Scientist figured it was jst another Martin Messa, comnmon enough aroung Cydnoia, only this one had unusual shadow that made it look like an Egyption Pjaraoh.

Joe and I have different belifes, although I agree with him on this one. Only because, there are already Martin Messas around Cyndonia. But there aren't any like this thats has ever been seen before. I also think that all theses UNmasking face on mars are created by aliens or martins only because, the name Martin Messa. The Martin must come from the word Martian so they must have some typr on relation going on.

Also at the same time i do not believe Joe becuase we have no proof or eveidence that this was really created by alines. Only beaucse we have no proof that aliens exsist either. I quit frankly think that this all rubish, but tbis is also my opianion i could be wrong. No one has proof of anything that has happened on mars.

But then at the same time i still do agree with Joe, but at the same time i do not beileve with Joe. I know you are wondering why i am saything i agree then turn arounf and say i don't . Well once again here is why i do agree and don't agree. i agree becuase it make scence that out of nowhere there is an unkown figure of a face on mars, but at the same time we do not know who did it. So we jump top conclusions that it ahd to be an ailen . But we have nop prrof that an alien is rwal and we have no proof that any of thid is real.

But these are just my opinion on hoe i feel aboiut this so i could be wrong i could be right, but unti we find out we have to continue to make obsevations on this until we find out the truth. So yeah that is how i feel on ths situation.        