'The development of the smart car"

It probaly seems like a terrific idea of a car that can drive it self i mean who wouldnt want a car that can drive it self when you can just relax in the driver seat?

All though it seems like a great idea for a car to drive it self there are some down falls with the idea it seems perfect but perfect can go all wrong.

The idea of a car that can have a autopilot or can drive it self isnt a bad idea why? because lets say your driving to another state an you dont want to drive for number of hours all you have to do is just switch to autopilot an have the car drive it self seems like a good idea doesnt it? Though it seems like a great idea from google...Did google ever stop an think about the saftey of others? Did google stop an think about safety period?

I feel that the smart car idea an development is a bad idea an kind of a waste of time because all that work of selling cars an making cars is going down the drain I say that because almost 90% of the world population have dreamed about driving a car an getting a car. I dont know about you guys but the story said that the smart car is going to have a camera in the car while its driving it self to watch the driver to see if he or she is prepared to take the wheel at any moment. When I think about that statement I think to myself if theres gonna be a camera in the car watching me to see if im prepared or not shouldnt I just drive the car myself 24/7 365?

The whole smart car idea yes its a great idea but what about getting your permit an you licsense? Im sure on a driving test we wouldnt be able to use our autopilot to park the car. The idea of the car driving it self its actually taking the fun out of learning how to drive learning how to park an other things.

The smart car is a great idea by google but personally I feel that they should just keep that idea to themself because anybody can get in a smart car not knowing how to drive an just turn on the autopilot then when its time for the driver to actuallly try an drive it might end up in a conflict with another pedestrian. Sources say it self that an alert or deffensive driver is the best driver because the driver is aware of traffic. Did google stop an ask if the computers were aware? Probaly not they think that the car is so perfect they probaly didnt stop an think safety.

Google came up with the idea that when the driver should be prepared to take over the car flashing lights on the windshield and other heads-up displays will appear thats a bad idea I say that because what if the lights appear on the dashboard an the driver begans to take over an soon as the lights go away the driver hits another car or a pedestrian?

Dr. Werner Huber said "why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver?" Wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?"

The story also said "Even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? Thats a good question an I say that because what if the car does get in a accident who can the other person blame? The driver or the car it self? Im sure that the other person is going to blame the driver because the driver should of been paying attention despite if the car was in autopilot or not.

Another point of mine is what if the sensors of the car go out an you have no idea that the car autopilot doesnt work?

Lets say that the smart car is the number one car in the world that is getting sold so is everyone going to have one? What if other people feel the same way as I do? That the idea of the smart car is a great idea but I want to stick with driving on my own. Is the world going to stop sellingg cars that drivers can malfuction on their own? If so thats a bad idea because not everyone is going to like the idea of the car it takes the fun an the expererince away from driving an learning how to drive.

The smart car might be a great idea for old people because what if they drop something in the car or they might need some type of assistance.

Ive came to the conclusion that the smart car is a great idea but I dont agree with it because it just takes the fun out of learning how to drive it seems safe but wouldnt you want a driver behind the wheel that is alert?