Touchdown! I just won the biggest game of the year. My team run on the field and we jump up and down in joy. This would not have happened if my principal did not make us take a school activity. I think that it is a good idea to make us take a school extracurricular activity. There are many ways why taking a school activity is good for you.

First it will help kids brain develop faster and it will make smarter. Then it helps you on working as a team if you are doing a extracurricular activity. Next if you don't plays any sports you will get lazy and you will not have any energy to do stuff with your friends. After It will help you on your leader ship skills the most. You never know you might like something you never tried out before.

Next you get to make new friends when you are taking a extracurricular activity. Some kids are to scared to play any sports or join in a school activity, because they are shy to talk to people. After all you get to have a lot of fun playing with your friends after school. Then it gives you a break form school, you are setting down most of the day doing work for school. When you play sports it helps you take your mind off of work and gives you brain a break.

Then it help kids that have zero friends make new ones. Next say you move on the first day you don't know anybody, a school activity help you know new kids. After the school year is over the kids will have something to do over the summer, because they know all of these kid from school activities. Next it will help kid from getting fat the more kids play sport the least likely kids will be leaving school fat. Many school sport teams are small, because there are kid that are good playing the sport but they are scared that they will get made fun of.

Finally it will open up kid to have fun in school. Next it help kid get smarter it take away kids from school and help them learned in a better way. After it works on kids team work skills and leader ship skills, which company want in they co-worker. Kids do not leaned by placing them in a room for eight hour a day for all most 1/4 of there lives. We learned more by doing school activities, it makes better kids, it make smarter kid, it helps kid learned. That is why I think that each school should have kids doing at least one school activity. 