Driverless cars should not be used on open roads due to the extreamly dangerous potental the driverless car has. If you were to get in a car accident who would be to blame ? The car or the driver ? The computer of the car could have so many errors that could potentally injure another human on the roads.

The dangerous potental the car has is, it can accelerate on its own. Imagine you're going down 267 here in Plainfield. You're in a driverless car and the car begins to accelerate, however it doesnt meet a constant speed. As the car continues to go faster and faster, its to late to stop because you already rearended the car infront of you. Causing the person in the car infront of you to spin out of controll and hit a telephone pole. Because of a computer error in the car an inicent bystander's life has been taken. That there just shows the potental danger the driverless car has just due to the "auto acceleration" programing in the car.

In that car crash you have to give the poliece your insurance redgerstration ext. When you file the insurance claim whos fault it the accident? Yourself or the car manufacturers? You could try to blame the manufacture however you're probably not going to get to far. It's not their fault the computer of the car had a glitch. There is nothing they can do about it. So now you could potentally be charged with wreckless driving and vehicular manslotter, even though you didn't intentually kill the person. Your insurance is most likely going to say it was your fault for not having controll of the car. Who is to say it was infact the car and not your fault? That's just the problem exactaly .

Technology fails everyday so why put it in a car and put human lives at risk? Using the heads-up system is a good idea however it could also fail resulting in the faitality of another human. Using the heads-up system could get the attention of the driver to let them know that they need to take over. What happens when the driver doesnt take over and the car continues to have a mind of it's own. Again possiable resulting in an accident and a possiable faitality.

Admitting that technology is a great advantage and is used everywhere today. The point is greater technology than what we have now should stay off the roads. Keeping technology off the roads can save lives and prevent accidents waiting to happen. The danger of auto accelaration, heads-up system, and not knowing whos fault the accident was your's or the car's, is absalutely not worth the life of a human.              