The electoral college is a very important process in congress. It gives citizens that are in the college a chance to meet the people that will be running for a very powerful position. Sometimes voices arent heard and of these 528 people, some will be humble. its also a good thing that they use a majority ruling system, which can make things easier instead of detailing.

If the voting for election of president was changed to popularity vote only, then it wouldnt be quite as fair. Obviously the president who has apppeared more times on television or at meetings will win. This method screams unfairness. Whichever candidate has more money and funding will obviously become more popular, even if their intentions as president arent as good as the qualities the other candidate's are.

Although both methods by themselves seem a little unfair to work on, i say it would be better to work with both. If you leave it to the electoral college, then only those people will be able to have a say in who we want as president for the united states of america. However if we leave it to just popularity, whoever has more money will get the votes and win.

Some people say that the voice of the people in America is the most important and it really is. What is the point of being in charge of a country where no one is happy and everyone wants to get rid of you? By this standing pount, many people say its critical to use populartiy vote but as i stated before, whoever has more funding will win. But its also unfair to those who have less access to media. Whichever president they hear more about is the one they will unconsiously choose. Or some will rely on the trusting of their party ie. democratic or republican.

Both methods are extremely unfair by themselves, so we should not sigle out a voting process. The way we have it now works perfectly well and should not be changed in my opinion. Taking the overall amount for all the different categories seems like the perfect solution. This way you get an opinion from those in congress, those in the senate, those in the Electoral College and most importantly the voices of the people.    