The electoral college  has been used for many years. Most people think that it is a place and not a process , well it is a process. the electoral college is the selection of electors. for the process they need 538 electors, for 270 electoral votes. Each canidate has their own group. The presidential election is held every  four years to elect or keep the same president for 4 years. I think that its the way to vote ,and its worked for so many years why fix it if its hasnt had a problem yet.

The electoral college is well known and has always been the way to pick our president. its a non-democratic method of selectiing the president. the other side who are for popular vote think that the electoral college is unfair and that there is not a certainty of a fair outcome. i say that if the outcome isnt fair then how are u supposse to win as a president. Having more votes as a canidate is not fair but thats how you win by having more votes.

My opinion on that is why would losing be fair thats the point one canidate wins and one loses. of couse the other person who lost would have anger and therefore be upset and say that the electoral is an unfair jugdement. The candiate wins because of the majority vote in their designated states. if the other canidate dosent have as many states he could only win by the collected vote within the states that he/she has.

popular vote would be awful and much harder to do as a process. that would mean that every one in the United States would vote who they want and it be sent to the capital to see whos victorious. Popular vote has no process or stragey or base plan to vote , and what if states dont like this idea so they revolt against the goverment. states might get together with there senate and riot in order to stop this.

In my opinion popular vote is messy, controversial and just down right uncalled for there is a plan within the electoral college and i think that they should keep was has been working. yes we are evolving as a whole but somethings are left to be the same and not tamperd with.                        