some schools believe that students should be given projects over the summer to assure they learn, should theses projects be teacher or student designed? although teachers can make sure students doing what they need; I personally believe that it should be student because students can make it more a peeling to one another, it helps builds creative students, and shows your city you are getting your youth involved.

First, student can make it a peeling for one and another, many will only do it if the works grabs their attention. The more students what to do the project the mare effort or thought will be put in to it. who better to make a project to keep students attention the the students themselves. Because while students are on break many do not have people to push them and make sure they are doing their work so it has to be a project that they would want to do on their own. and if a blunder is made the student can't say they didn't understand because the students designed the projects. This will be a way to grab the attention of whoever grades the project, like a hook in a essay.

Next, it will help build creative students, just as school is supposed to do for students. Yes schools are a place of learning, but while students are in school they are building creative thoughts that are just waiting to be used. giving the students the chance to design their summer summer project helps give the schools notice of what future creator you are putting into the world. If the students are creating their own summer project it teaches then about Independence, and that they don't need a teacher standing over top of them to do their work. With student designing their own project it will make great business skills.

Last, It shows the city you are getting the students involved. After all the students in our school system now are our future town council, school bored leaders, and teachers. so I'm sure the school bored would be pleased to hear that while students are going on their summer break they are not only doing but designing their summer project. Students after the summer can come to tell the public about there how designing their own project helps them in independence and self learning. Although many students may not care for it it will help them keep what they learn and learn new thing researching and designing their summer project.

To sum it all up, although although teachers can make sure students are doing what they need; I personally believe that it should be student designing the summer project. And students can make it more a peeling to one another, it helps builds creative students, and shows your city you are getting your youth involved are just three of many reason. This is why I believe that students are the ones that should design the summer project.