Are you for or against the development of driverless cars? I am for the development of these cars. It sounds interesting to me. It can help those drivers who is unable to drive because of some kind disabilt in their body. It keeps a driver from falling a sleep behind the wheel and hurting someone because if the car is driverless, you can fall a sleep with out hurting anyone. The details that agree with what I wrote came from the passage. This is the first thing in the passage that agree with what I wrote. The line about the steering came from line four. The part about the cars steering themselves came in the passage part, number seven.

The passage says the cars can steer themselves. The details that agree with what I wrote came from the passage. This is the second thing in the passage that agree with what I wrote. This is the public trainsport system line that came from line three. The part about public trainsport system came in the passage at part number one. The passage says that the public trainsport system will some day be driverless. The details that agree with what I wrote came from the passage. This is the four thing in the passage that agree with what I wrote. This is the half fuel of today's cars line that came from line three. The part about half fuel of today's cars came in the passage at part number one. The passage says that the cars will use half of the fuel of today's cars. That is sounds easier than it is. It is realiy hard. Driverless cars are possible. The cars so far still need a driver for some of the things. The car can do the steering. That sounds easier than it is. It is realiy hard, it just take some time. Driverless cars are possible. The cars so far still need a driver for some of the things. The car can do the breaking. That is sounds easier than it is. It is realiy hard. Driverless cars are possible. The cars so far still need a driver for some of the things. The car can do the accelerating on it's own but it still needs a driver. I am for the development of these cars. It sounds interesting to me. It can help those drivers who is unable to drive because of some kind disabilt in their body. It keeps a driver from falling a sleep behind the wheel and hurting someone because if the car is driverless, you can fall a sleep with out hurting anyone. I hope this essay showed my place on the subject of driverless cars.