In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the authors support to his knowledge of Venus is very informative. In the article the author provides information about the planet to inform the reader that even though it may be hard and risky that it'd be outstanding to be able to put humans on the planet, but because of it's "thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide" or blazin temperatures no space craft or human are able to last on the planet without getting crushed or burned to crisps. Venus atmosperic pressure is 90 times greater than what us humans and living things experience on earth making it impossible for someone to last on the planet, with all of its cons many would rather admire from a view but some would rather get closer.

The evidence from the article that would make you want to avoid venus as much as it may seem nice and plesent the information provided would make you not want to put a foot on the ground of Venus. In the article it states that the planets weather consists of "erupting volcanos, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning stikes to probes seeking to land on it's surface" not hospitable for any space craft nor human life.

Astronomers believe venus to have been "covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." According the the knowledge of the article "the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters" stateting that Venus and Earth are and where once similar at a point in time. NASA believed to be coming up with multiple ways for humans to set foot on the planet without any complications, at the moment NASA's only way of getting near the planet with stable temperatures and pressure is by having a "blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape."

In conclusion the author puts into words that visiting Venus by foot seems impossible but by the rate of the technology and people willing to help with making it happen setting foot on Venus will be sooner than many believe. In the future humans will finally reach the land of Venus but in the mean time many more features about the planet are yet to be seen and uncovered. The space craft can only provide so much information from a distance that with better technology a space craft may be able to get closer to the planet for more indetailed information. As far as that is it's closer than you'd think and the author's information and details of the planet in the article are very ear listening for any reader looking for information of the planet.