Dear TEACHER_NAME,

When considering whether or not to allow children to participate in sports or other activities without an average above a C, what one must remember is that everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses. Yes, many people excel in academics, but there are others, who math and science just don't click with them. By saying these more athletically inclined individuals cannot participate in their medium, you take away one of their great pleasures. Some kids get a rush when they find out they aced their midterm, but others take greater pleasure in scoring the winning touchdown or participating in a club where you help others. Without something for the non-academic children to shine at, their confidence may be slashed leaving devastating consequences throughout the rest of their lives.

There are many speculations and theories as to why some kids can't perform as well as others in school, and so they turn to sports or other clubs. Many of these theories include that they just have too much energy and can't stay focused, or these children have bad time management and so they don't do their homework or complete their assignments. Clubs and sports can allow the underachievers to get out some of their excess energy, so they can stay on task and perform better. When they are practicing four days a week with games on the weekend, kids don't have times to dilly-dally, so they learn time management and perform better in class.

By taking away clubs and activities unless they have a certain grade, one may be removing the one and only aspect of school that certain individuals enjoy. By causing them to hate school more, one is discouraging a better performance. Some say that sports cause kids to not focus on school as much and that by forcing them to have higher grades before they can join you get immediate results, but sometimes it just makes students angrier. To get the best results, better grades should be encouraged through sports. Instead of just saying no if a student has a certain grade, help could be offered.

School sports and clubs should be allowed no matter what the students grade is. This is very beneficial to a student's health, confidence, and can even improve their schoolwork.

SIncere