What is a Electoral College? A Electoral College is a process, not a place. My 3 reasons what is a(n) Electoral College is : Why do we need a Electoral College, Whats wrong with it, and 5 reasons why we choose a president. We have to find out whats going on with this Electoral College. If we don't something might happen. We will find the truth about the Electoral College.

Whats wrong with Electoral College?

Voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president ,

according to paragraph 10 . Again they said if you live intexas, for instance, and wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. All the votes that people vote for really aren't voting, there just voting for the slate electors. The electors choose which one they will vote for, but is that any fair, for the people, they make a choice to vote, there not being forced to vote by command. People like to vote because they want a new leader or, for instance, somebody like President Barack Obama. He is going into his 6 year as president.

Why do we need a Electoral College?

The Electoral College consists of 539 electors, according to paragraph 3.

A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for the president and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. The Founding Fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and the lection of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens.

What are the reasons why we choose a president?

The reasons why we choose a president is because of the swing states, and the big states. Swing states is a winner-take-all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates as we saw in [2012's] election to focus their campaign efforts on tht toss-up states. Next is the Big States, the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virture of the mal-apportionmentof the senate. The Big States are like : Texas, Californina, and Florida. But this doesn't annoy me because people still have a chance to vote whether or not, the votes don't to the congress.

In Conclusion, Electoral College is a well-known thing when to choose a president or vice president or even governer. Elecotral College is important, you can say that because maybe you agree to it but i still don't because the votes aren't really going to the votes to the congress, the votes really go to the slate of governers or the senate but the the senate or congress are really the real people that can choose the president or vice president.    