Dear Mr. Rubio,

My name is PROPER_NAME and I am a concerned youth.

The electoral college system is archane, confusing and disruptive to the constitutional democratic republic that is the United States of America. Voters are thrown off by this system and are often completely over-looked in an election. For a country that was built on the ideals of freedom and fair representation, using the electoral college system isn't right.

Firstly, canidates running for president need a majority of 270 the 538 electors to win an election. Thus, they focus more on winning swing states such as Ohio, rather than winning the approval of their constituents. This immediatly shows faults of the electoral college. What kind of government is running the world's super-power? One that ignores its people and bombs governments of other countries for doing the same thing? The electoral college takes away from the value of the vote- a right for which the United States of America was founded. The electoral college may have had good and just intentions, but isn't effective or fair now. Also, with the embarrassingly low voter turnout the USA has already, having a confusing, old-fashioned and unfair system of electing leaders will only decrease the amount of citizens that actually go to the polls. Studies like the one published September 1st, 2012 by the American Research Institute, have shown that the average American person doesn't know very much about their country and how it works. Those that do are a minority. So, why would the government that is supposed to be looking out for, protecting and listening to its citizens still use a system that only deters already ignorant people from participating in elections?

Secondly, the electoral college (in addition to putting down the voter) has been proven to be faulty. Like the 2000 election with George W. Bush, with Clinton in 1992 and Nixon in 1968- these men all had less of the popular vote, but were president. How? How did they become the Leader of the Free World- the Free World that gives everyone the right to vote for their representitives- without the popular vote? Without the blessing of their constituents? How were these men sworn in without the backing of true democracy?

The electoral college.

This system goes against every democratic ideal in the United States' foundation! And yet, it is still how president after preseident is put into the Oval Office- sometimes wrongly as explained above.

The electoral college is wrong. It just is. There are no valid arguements for it. It puts down the voter and, in a sense, makes them obsolete which, in addition to being extremely hypocritical, is just not right .

Mr. Rubio, I am a citizen of this great country. I don't break the law, I don't burn flags, I love my nation and I care deeply for my fellow Americans. You are a United States Senator. Shouldn't you feel the same way? Help to abolish the electoral college. There are only benefits for the corrupt, not for the citizens.

Mr. Rubio, help to abolish the electoral college if you believe in a strong America.

Yours,

PROPER_NAME  