I am against this topic. I am against this topic, because I think it will distract the students. I say this, because they will be trying to change their emotiones to get diffrent things. I think it violates their privacy and other things. Now days it tis not hard to hack into a computor and take pictures of the person on the other side.

This FACS thing will probaly encourage the person to hack into a computor and change the pop ups or the emotions based of the other persons emotions. It could lead to people making the computor say special things to make a person happy about themselves, but it could lead to them talking the other person to meet them outside school. What is your thoughts?

I am strongly against this topic, because if I was a parent I would not want my kid using this product. I say this, because there are a lot of creepy, crazy, and a stalker. It could be used to lead the child to do a surtain thing. The pop ups chould lead the child to see or do bad things. The pop up could be changed by a hacker if they want. They could tell them to do drugs or drink under age. This is all bad for a kid. I would never want my kid to do any of that if I was a parent. I would never want my kid if they were old enough to drive and get drawn into drinking by a pop up ad and then kill someone, because they where drinking and driving.

Another reason I am against this is for the teachers side of things. Say you where a teacher and had FACS on the computor and all your students where changing their emotions to get diffrent pop ups. There your students are destracted and are not listening to your lecture or lesson for the day. Then you have to stop class and get onto the students. Then you may have a kid tell his mom or dad you yelled and told the class to stop goofing around. With their emotions. Then they call the school and you then have to go to a meeting about what happened. Then you will have to try not to get into trouble by the state or you head leader. This could cause a lot of disruptions in the class and they will not get the education that they are there for. I am not saying that there is not already a lot of destractions alreadyby phones, talking, and chromebooks. It is not going to be as bad as emotion based pop ups.

For the muscle and painting part of the passage. I think it had no relavents to the main idea of emotion based pop ups. Back then when the Mona Lisa was painted they didn't have computors or advanced technology. It could of been stated a little bit diffrent. Like" Mona Lisa never rarly smiled, but now as technology advanced and we now know that muscles change our facial emotions."

It then could help the scientific side of the FACS. Like now we know that your muscles help you change facial emotions. This then could help us then have more emotion based pop ups. This may sound like I am for they FACS, but I not for it. It is a vilation of privacy. What if the kid is having very bad thought like death or harm. Which is a very bad thing in teens today. This could lead to those bad pop ups again.

All in all I thing this FACS should be outlawed in the U.S. and other countrys. I thing it could be used in a bad way. If I was a parent I would never ever let my kid use this FACS. I thing it coul sway my kids thinging and ideas. Also it would affect why they are at school. I sent them to school for an education, so they can get a could job. If I was a parent I would never want to see my kid on the crime life.

What are your thoughts? I am a strong against this topic.