Cell Phones While Driving

I think people shouldn't be able to use their phone in any capacity while operating a vehicle. My first reason is that it can cause people to either harm themselves or others who are in the vehicle with them or, the person whose car they come in impact with while on their phone while operating a vehicle. Second reason is because due to the lack of concentration while driving being the phone while operating on a moving vehicle is one of the main causes of most wrecks in the United States, which is the leading cause to distraction in a car is a cell phone.

"Resources show that according to The National Safety Council that 1.2 million car crashes in 2013 involved drivers talking on the phone and at least 341,000 involved in text messaging." Also talking on the phone while driving is becoming more and more life threatening when multitasking behind the wheel of an operated vehicle.

Everyday there's always someone whose severely injured or either worst end up dead because of the use of using their phone while operating a vehicle of any kind. I truly believe that using a phone while driving shouldn't be allowed, because for safety the driver needs to be more cautious for their life and the other person who is in another car that the driver who wants to be on the phone while driving comes in impact with all because they refuse to wait until they get to the destination that they are going. I know some opponents whose work is literally dependent on the use of a cell phone every single day such as people like lawyers entrepreneur's and business men believe that they have to always be available to answer the phone at all cost just to make sure their business or cast is still running smoothly.

Some people believe that using a phone while driving isn't the reason wrecks happened. Some say the cause comes from people who get too into whatever they're looking at or they get too occupied with the conversation with the other person that's on the other end of the phone.

Which makes them take their attention of the road which leads to people not seeing a vehicle pulling out in front of them and then they rear end each other. As I said before I believe that people shouldn't use their phones while driving, but if you look at it from another person's point of view you start to wonder if like what if the person is a person who is sick and needs to be checked on every now and then, or someone who has to have assistance on something.

When people think of safety they think of like seatbelts and driving and they don't think that having their phone in their possession while driving might doesn't seem like it would cause a lot of damage but it truly does because of the higher risk of impact on a person's car from not paying any attention to the stoplights, stop signs, speed limits, or the caution lights between a four way stop. In my opinion I believe that some people could use their phone while driving and still have their focus on the roads and cars beside them or in front of them and don't cause any wrecks, but then again I still believe phones shouldn't be used while driving just for safe benefits.

People who don't use a phone while operating a vehicle have a greater change of living than a person who is paying no attention to the road and cars near them because their focus is on their phone. You're most likely to survive when you're worried about your phone and getting into wrecks because your man focus is on the roads and cars next to and in front of you.

Works Cited

Teen Driver Source. (2019). Teen Driver Source. [online] Available at: https://www. teendriversource. org/teen-crash-risks-prevention/...driving/cell-phones

[Accessed 24 Apr. 2019].   