Driverless cars could be the future of our generation. Many car companies have taken this idea and are trying to pursue it. They are cars that, eventually, will drive by themselves. It seems like a very creative and speechless innovation. However, there are many questionable aspects of the car that need to be taken into account. I do not think driverless cars are a good idea for the safety of our generations.

Drivers today have to go through intensive studying and classes just to gain a license. They think of it as the first step into adulthood and freedom. If driverless cars do take over our population, that will disapear. Teens will look past the greatness of being able to drive, and will look for another way to gain the freedom that they are desperatley seeking for. They also will not have anything that they are in complete control of. In the article it says, "He envisions a future with a public-transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transportation taxi system." If this happens, teens would not be in conrol of the car, the car would. That leaves kids to rely on yet another thing in their lives. Teens already have to rely on many things everyday. I think that if we add another one, and take away that sense of freedom, we will be taking away a big part of life. This is one reason I do not think driverless cars are a good idea.

Another reason I disagree with them is because of safety. Technology should not be relied on for big tasks like driving. Car companies are being thourough and making sure they are safe, but technology, even today, still seems to occasionally mess up. In the article it says, "Most drvining laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers." I agree that the best way to ensure safety is with a driver that is focused and knowledged. These driverless cars could potentially be dangerous to us. If the car messes up even once, or the company makes a mistake in the programming, we could definately be in great danger. Safety is the most important thing, and because we can never be 100% sure that technology won't mess up, we should not have driverless cars in the future.

The final reason I do not think that we should be excited for driverless cars is because of the law. If a regular car gets into an accident, we have laws that say who should be at fault. Also, it can already be complicated to figure out who should take the blame today with regular cars. If we all drove driverles cars, a new stack of laws would have to be made to support them. Getting used to those laws would be hard because we have never lived in the world of driverless cars. In the article it says, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" This is a good point. If there is an accident where someone gets injured, not everyone will agree who should take the fall for it. There will be riots and fighting between manufacturers and individuals, and overall, it is not worth it. We should not destroy what we already have for something this risky.

These are the reasons that I do not think driverless cars should be pursued by car companies. I do agree that they would be very cool, but they are in fact, to good to be true. With the many complications that could come up, to the lack of freedom in teens, driverless cars take away more than what they could be bringing. Instead of investing in this innovation, we should use the investments to pursue more practical products, and to continue to make what we already have, better. Driving comes with a great responsibility that technology does not have. That is why I do not think driverless cars are a good idea for the safety of our generations.           