Have you ever asked someone for advice? I always ask people for advise it makes things a lot easier. When asking for advice seeking more than one opinion can help you make a better choice. Reasons why are you would want to ask someone who has been through it before, one person might not be good at giving advise as someone else would, and one person might not have your best interest in mind like some others. Let me elaborate.

When asking someone for advice it usually helps if they have been through it before and chances are the more people you ask the more likely your going to ask someone who has been through it. For example if you ask one friend they might have not experienced what your talking about, but if you ask another one your chances are higher because you asked more people. I always ask at least two people before making a big decision. If you asked for advise on how to swim you would want to hear from a swimmer not someone who cant swim so it would be smarter to ask multiple people. I once asked the wrong person how to ride a bike and I still feel the pain to this day. Just sit there and think for a second, The more people you ask the more likely youve asked someone that has gone through it before. This is like in the movies when a girl is in a breakup and is asking her friend what should she do. This is my first reason why I think asking multiple people for advice is better that one.

Having more opinions is better than having one because one person just might not be good at giving advise. What happened when you ask a friend for advise and the dont know so they give you almost like a guess? Chances are its not gonna be good. This has happened to me before and resulted in me losing lots of money. If you ask one person then another person ones advise might be better than the other one. So what if you didnt ask both? One time a friend told me to jump off the roof, but my other friend said us the ladder and I used the ladder and made it down safe. You could also ask three people and one isnt good at giving advise one is okay and the other is good dont you wanna ask all three so you can get good advise? This is usually like my friends vs. my parents. This is my second reason why I think you should ask multiple people.

Having more opinions is also a good idea because not everyone has your best interest in mind or knows whats best for you. What if you ask one friend for advice and their mad at the moment and they probably dont have your best interest in mind and you should get another opinion. I try not to ask mad friends for advise when possible.

You should ask multiple people because everyone dosent know whats best for you. My parents are the only people who know whats best for me.

Also your friends and peers dont always have your best interest in mind, sometimes they could give you bad advice to be funny. This happens to me all the time. This is my third reason why seeking more than one opinion can help you make a better choice.

When asking for advice seeking more than one opinion can help you make a better choice. Reasons why are you would want to ask someone who has been through it before, one person might not be good at giving advise as someone else would, and one person might not have your best interest in mind like some others. This is why I feel like you should seek for more than one opinion when asking for advise. I hope you will seek for more than one opinion next time you ask for advise.                    