Home schooling, also known as home education, is the education of children at home, it is usally conducted by a parent, tutor, or an online teacher. Many families use less formal ways of home school in North America, whereas "home education" is only used elsewhere. Before the introduction to compulsory, school attendance laws most education was done at home. Homeschooling can affect social life. Attending public schools all your life you know a lot of people. So I think homeschooling can cause depression or cause anybody who tries home education to be lonely.

In many states home education goes on as an alternative to public and private schools. In other nations home schooling is illegal so students have no choice but to attend public or private schools. In the legal states students can be home schooling for many reasons. Some reasons can be like parents not wanting their kids around others while learning. Other reasons can be dealing with being kicked out of school and no other schools will accept you because of behavior. In my society today I know a few people that have been kicked out school and forced to be home schooled online.

Being kicked out of school can be good or bad. It can be good for students that don't learn well at school, but bad for those who learn well in school. If kicked out others may need more help and start to cheat on the work and look up answers. Causing them not learn as much as they did back in public schools. So if students know they wouldn't be able to learn well with a online teacher they shouldn't do anything to get kicked out school.

I think some students fit in the classroom and others need more help like hands on or close up. Disabilities could cause a student to seek help in person with a certified teacher. Not everyone learns the same way so not just everybody can attend classes from home. Everybody learns in their own way.

Overall I think home schooling is a good thing. It can prevent school fights. Also prevent skipping and being late to school missing insructional time. If I had the choice to home school I would do it. I feel it is a great choice to make. Therefore my stance on this prompt is home school or online classes.             