LIMITING CAR USAGE

Car Usage is more in U.S. because of transports,jobs,moving from one place to other,etc. We should use the cars but carefully because it can occur an accidents. We should reduce the use of car. Nowadays there are so many collisions occurs on highway roads in U.S.If we reduce the use of cars than we can save a lot of money and reduce the pollution. Reduce in cars usage can save money and reduce pollution.

There are Multiple resources to support the idea to reduce the cars use and to save money. For Example,

"

In German suburb,Life goes on without cars

"

,by

Elisabeth

Rosenthal ,From the

New York Times ,It examines that,"70 percent of vauban's Families in Germany do not own the cars,and 57 percent sold a car to move here".

Heidrun Walter said that,"When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way". A media trainer and mother of two,as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. Vauban's streets are completely "car-free". Car Ownership was allowed,but there are only two places to park-Large garages at the edge of the development,where a car-owner buys a space,for

$40,000 ,along with a home.

In

"Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota"

,by

Andrew selsky ,It states that In BOGOTA,Colombia,"It was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day without  cars in this capital city of 7 million. The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Violators faced $25 fines". It also examines that the turnout was large,despite gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on bogota."It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,"said businessman

Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two seat bicycle with his wife. The without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in bogota in the mid-1990s.

In

"Paris bans driving due to smog"

,by

Robert Duffer ,examines that,"Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city". On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro($31).the same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day. Diesel fuel was blamed,since France has...[a]tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in france,compared to a 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in the rest of Western Europe,according to reuters. Paris typically has more smog than othe european capitals. The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday.

In conclusion,Reduced of car usage can save money and reduce pollution. Limiting of car usage is great idea. The resources above tells about how was the life of other countries without car. The Resouces above have proved that reduce in car use can save a lot things for life.                                                         