Imagine. Summer is here, and the dreadful school year is finally over. You're prepared to grab your swimsuits and go to the beach and actually enjoy your time off from learning. However, your blissful period is interrupted with anguishing agony as you realize you were assigned a summer project to complete. We've all been there, mourning over the fact that we received one more assignment to do for school. We are reluctant to start the projects as they seem pointless and a form of busywork for us; however, summer projects are designed to assure continuous learning through engaging tasks. Although teacher-designed projects can be seen as desirable, summer projects should be student-designed as it helps foster creativity and self-reliance.

One reason why summer projects should be student-designed is the fact that it fosters creativity. Giving students the freedom to learn about topics that interests them far outweighs the notion of just finishing an assignment. In my high school experience, I tend to remember projects that I was truly interested in, rather than the monotonous ones designed by teachers (that solely get work out of you). Projects are meant to be engaging, so that later down in life you can recall the learning experience. This difference proves that creative work fosters quality rather than quantity. Furthermore, a teacher-designed project inhibits a student's potential to express their creative mindset. By receiving a topic and a guideline on how one should complete a project, a student becomes mentally set on pursuing that one path, disregarding all other options. This mental block of creativity can be harmful to a growing teenager as the advancement of society is dependent on creative thinkers which student-designed projects help create.

Another reason why summer projects should be student-designed is the fact that it engages students to be self-reliant. Given the freedom to pursue one's take on a subject, helps foster self-confidence. In my high school experience, doing a personal research that was interesting really helped create a sense of pride and accomplishment. Being confident leads to trusting one's ability rather than relying on others;and in our competitive society for careers, self-reliance is extremely important. Furthermore, allowing students to pursue their own designs lets them mature into adulthood. The apex of self reliance is adulthood and self learning is meant to teach and prepare students for their future. By removing the dependency of a teacher when doing a project, self support truly shines through, giving students hands on experience on the hallmark of adulthood. This is similar to the concept of parents not supporting a baby for too long so they can learn to walk on their own.

In conclusion, summer projects should be student-designed rather than teacher-designed as it fosters creativity and self-reliance. Given the freedom to pursue their own path, students not only learn more effectively but also become more unique. Letting students be unique allows for a desirable diverse community in which society becomes enriched by. Therefore, everyone should aim for topics that interest them when they are given the chance, as that is when humanity truly learns at its best.