Generic_Name

My principal has decided for all students would have to participate in one extrarricular activity. Say for example the student would have to go outside in have to play sport's. But they would go over the rules for every sport that they have out to play with. In for the year books you would be able to learn how to spell word's that you never new how to spell. The student's would also get a feel of how other student's our in they might even make a new freind's.

I agree because I think student's do not get enough exercise. If student's got enough exercise it would be more athleyt's. It would be more student's outside playing all types of sport's. They would be able to breath better than other poeple that do not like to exercise. In if student's do not get enough exercise they would not be able to leave a nice long life.

I think it is good for student's to exercise if all student's exercise they would leave a long healthy life. In if you leave a long life you be able to see the world in travel. But if you do not want to take care of your body you would not leave a long nice life. Like for example you would have to go threw alot to try to leave a healthy life. But if you do you would be able to complete your life long dream.

For the year books you would have to type poeple names. In the rason I think that is good is because the student's can get to laern new student's. The student's that our working on the year books can learn how too spell word's that they never even seen before. But you never know the student's can think the person that they saw in the year book is cool in want to be there freind.

So if i was you i would start exercising early so I can be haelty when im older. My princeipal has decided for all student's would have to participate in one extrourrieular activity. In if you do not participate in one of the extourrielur activity you would get in big trouble with the princeipal. I do agree for these so student's would start getting in shape in really healthy.