It is alarming to think that less than twenty years ago virtual technology was just being invented, and ever since the turn of the 21st century the world has started to use technology and virtual data more and more. The world has started to trend in a direction in which humans rely on technology. For example, tools like phones and cars are used everyday. Virtual technology can be helpful however, and it is currently expanding to provide humans with new ways to make life easier. One way technology is being introduced to benefit humans is through distance learning or online classes. This new form of learning allows students to attend school from the comfort of their own homes. Distance learning gives students a more customized and adaptive learning experience while giving students more time to engage in the extracurriculars they love.

One way distance learning is beneficial for students is because it allows students to customize their classes. For example, Students in the public education system can only enroll in courses that are offered at their school. This may restrict students from taking classes that they are interested in or limit students from branching out and potentially finding a new passion. However, students taking online classes can choose from a wide variety of classes, that most likely incorporate their interests. The lack of restraint in regards to the courses offered in distance learning is beneficial for students. Not only do student have the freedom to choose what to learn, they also have the freedom to choose when to learn. Having the freedom of choosing when to learn is vital for students with specific needs or disabilities. When students are unable to go to school, learning can continue. This eliminates sick days, weather delays or cancellations, and school holidays. Furthermore, students are able to take courses at their own speed. Rather than the typical every other day school schedule, students can master a course in less than a month. The lack of restraint in regards to the courses offered in distance learning and when a student can learn is beneficial for all students.

Another benefit to learning from home is that it gives students more time to focus on their needs and wants rather than the schools. In certain cases when student prodigies are more focused on a sport, a musical instrument or a job, learning from home can grant students more time to perfect their craft. Online learning allows them to have their primary focus being on what they love rather than on a rigorous and time wasting traditional school day. Another example is in the case of a student that does not thrive in a the social aspect of school. Sometimes kids feel overwhelmed and threatened by the large amount of students in one school. In order to feel comfortable, kids could video conference into school and learn from the comfort of their own home. School can be long and sometimes overwhelming so in certain cases distance learning can be beneficial.

Learning is essential to grow as an individual but also as a population and with new technology, accomadating for certain needs is easy and beneficial. Distance learning is a way for students to customize when and what they want to learn as well as feel comfortable and adapt to their needs. Distance learning is a thing of the future that will soon benefit many. 