Dear senator,

I am in favor of keeping the electoral college because I think that it is better and more stable for our economy and because not all the time do the people of the state deserve to pick and choose who they think they like.

The first reason why I am in favor of keeping the electoral college is because I think it is more stable for our economy.

The electoal college process consists of the selection of the electors,meeting of the electors where they vote for president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress, Stated by Source 1 #2. Picking the right electors is very important because they are basically picking our president. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how he electors are selected and what their responsibilities are. As stated in Source 3,The electoral college is widley regarded as an anchorism wich is a non democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by  declaring the candidate who recives the most popular votes the winner, but the electoral college is not democratic in a modern sense. The electoral college in my opinion is organizing and put together, it is way more stable and puts our country in the right place.

The second reason why I am in favor o keeping the electoral college is because I do not think the "people" deserve to pick and choose who they think they like. In most presidential elections the presidents are elected by the percentage of popular votes wich I dont think is right. For example as stated in source 3 # 1, Obama recived 61.7 percent of the electoral votes compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney...Because almost all states award electoral voted on a winne takes all basis, even a very slight plurality in a  stste creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is an even number, but its highly unlikley. Most times the 2 candidates running for president try to persuade the people and some people are fooled by ones promises and when that candidate gets elected  the people do not like the outcome wich messes up alot. The people should go by the important things that the cadidate say they try to fix, not by the promises that they are making to get it done for sure. Stated in Source 3, It can be argued that the electoral college method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate whp has no hope of carrying their state democrats in texas, for example, or republicans in california. Knowing thier vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay atteneion to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular voters vote swings a national election, and in spite of  that, about one half the eligible American population did  vate in 2012's election.

In conclusion I am in favor of keeping the electoral college because I think that it is better and morw stable for our economy and that the people do not deserve to pick and choose who they think they like. I hope you understand all my stated reasons why I think keeping the electoral college is reasonable.

sencierly, PROPER_NAME            