presidents are elected every four years. Some presidents make changes some presidents don't, society  strongly believes any president elected should make good changes. Any citizen from any state want's the president elected to make a difference, thats clearly one of the presidens duites. Presidents sometimes do not compensate for the mistakes they make that they're not supposed to make. Citizens votes should be the votes counted for electing presidents and not couted for electing electors.

To begin with, most presidnets elected most of the time make no difference and citizens are not content. Presidents have many duties to complete and of them is to make changes and make the world a better place for all citizens. in the article "In defense of the electoral college: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" by Richard A. Posner he states "when you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors" what the author clearly states is that society is not voting for a presidential candidate but for a slate of electors. This is why most of the time society is not content with the president chosen and bad changes are made. Citizens are the ones who live in this country so they should be the one's who's votes are counted for electing presidents so that they do not suffer the next four years.

To continue, some presidential candidates intentions to society are harmful and do not help them in anyway possible. Presidents intentions while on their four years of being presidents are supposed to help society and make their life easier and not worse. In the article "The Indefensible Electoral Collage: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer he states "can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Somtimes." this quote shows that not only is society not voting for the presidential candidate they are in favor of but they cant even control who their electors vote for sometimes. Citizens in anyway possible can not vote for the presidential candidate they are in favor of so that means society will not be content for four years and changes will be made that will make their lifes harder and some priveliges will be taken away if the presidents intentions are not helpful. Society will be living in hell in other words.

furthermore,                            