Imagine checking the notification of your cell phone and in the blink of an eye you get into a car accident.Texting and driving is the act of texting, checking social media, composing a message,emailing, or using the internet while driving a vehicle.Texting and driving is an issue that has resulted in car crashes and even death. Picking up a phone while you are behind the wheel could put yourself and others in danger. People should be cautious and know the risk of picking up a cell phone while they are driving.Cell phones have become and is a very big distraction. Drivers should not be able to use them or even have them in their hand,lap, or etic while they are in the act of operating a vehicle.

The cell phone has become so much of a distraction to the point where people are immune to picking up their phone every time they receive a notification. The disturbance of a notification on the phone has been the cause of man accidents and deaths caused by car wrecks. Statistics show 6 out of 10 teenegers have been in car crashes due to distracted driving. In the text located on www.teensafe.com it shares the story of 25 year old Natasha Boggs of Ohio and how texting and driving affected her life and others. It states " Ohio woman Natasha Boggs, 25, killed two 14-year-old girls and severely injured a 15-year-old boy when she was texting and driving."The article also tells the story of 20 year old Dillon Jackson a pickup truck driver that was distracted by his cell phone which took other innocent lives. The text states "A driver of a pickup truck killed a whopping 13 individuals in a Texas crash in the spring of 2017. 20-year-old Jack Dillon Young was behind the wheel of his truck and was texting while driving, causing him to cross the center line several times."

This informs you on how cell phone distraction could risk the lives of not only yourself but others as well. ? people are injured or killed due to cell phone distraction. Cell phone disturbances have a big impact on car crashes and deaths.

Cell phone distractions are very dangerous when someone is operating a vehicle. Distracted driving can include things like eating, drinking, talking to others while driving, and etc. Out of all those distractions cell phone interaction is the most common and dangerous. When paying attention to your cell phone it takes away the attention you need to focus on the road and drive safely. In a text on www.wikepedia.com it says " Using a cell phone while driving increases the driver's risk of causing a crash. Drivers are distracted, decreasing the driver's awareness on the road, leading to more car crashes." This simply means that the use of the cell phone while driving can result in a dangerous outcome. It is also said that "4.6 secondspass when a driver's eyes leave the road to text at 55mph, it's like driving the length of a football field blind." When a driver's eye is taken off the road the chance of wrecking another car or even running off the side of the road and harming yourself. The dangerous outcomes could be losing control of the wheel, crashing, running off the side of the road, harming others of all ages, running into objects ( poles, signs,cines,etc.), and the worst of all, death. Cell phone disturbance can be very dangerous when driving which is another cell phone should not be used while driving.

People should consider certain things before picking up a phone. Things can be done to lower the accidents caused by the distraction of a cell phone. Companies have taken a huge step to decrease the number of wrecks caused by phones.Cell phone companies such as AT&T realized how big cell phones are distractions to drivers so they come up with programs. For example, a big program today is " It could wait ". On the site www.independentmotors.com it describes the can wait program. It quotes "AT&T itself has helped drive these conversations with its It Can Wait campaign, which has seen more than 7 million people take the campaign's pledge to drive more safely. The company also launched its DriveMode app, which keeps all phone calls and texts quiet while you are driving. The app turns on automatically when it detects that the user is moving faster than 15 MPH and turns off shortly after it detects that the user has stopped."

This shows how companies have noticed the danger of cell phones and have taken action onto fixing it such just like AT&T which is a huge cell phone company. Another program example is the Stop Texting AND Driving Distracted, or STANDD program. This program was launched by a lady who lost her son due to a texting a driving incident . The website states " Like a few other organizations on this list, STANDD has its own app for iOS and Android smartphones. It starts up as soon as your engine does, and as long as you're moving more than 10 miles per hour, the free app deactivates any texts and calls that you receive, letting the caller know that you're unavailable with an auto-message.". This goes to show that there are ways to put an end to all the horrible incidents caused by texting and driving but it is all up to you. Programs have been made, apps have been released, and signs are around you everyday to remind you not to text and drive so do what's best and focus more on the road and not on your phone.

A simple message or text could wait. If people paid as much attention to the roads than their phones there would be less wrecks or car tragedies. Cell phones are huge distractions on drivers. Drivers are put in harm once they pick up their phones to check a text, post on social media, change songs, make videos, and etc. Cell phones while driving is like taking a risk. People are put in life or death situations once being distracted by their phones when operating a vehicle. In conclusion the use of cell phones should be prohibited while driving.             