Nowadays, technology and science became one of important parts in human life, it makes life runs easier. With human's intelligent, technology is improved day by day. Many things are dicovered, or invented that we don't even know about their appearances. One of them is the Facial Action Coding System also known as FACS, which technology could identify human emotions was created by Dr. Paul Eckman. In my opinion, I think this techonology is useful, especially in order to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom.

Life contains many differences, includes positive and negative things, truthful or untruthful. Some people said emotions are never lie. We could figure out the statue of someone by looking at their face, and that's true. However, life is something really complicated, sometimes things in front of you don't mean like what you think. Likewise, even though the expression from people face is the most authenic, when they are trying to hide their feelings, we literally cannot know their real emotions. The changing of teenager is issue that causes headache for parents, their characters aren't the same like before, their emotions are changed. Both of them could not find the common speech, and push them further each other. That is the moment, the childrens easily fall in the darkness. For real instance, children or students aren't agree about their parent's thinking, or the education from school completely. Most of them don't say it out, or talk back. It's really affects about effective in studying and their plans in the future. The creation of FACS is a way to solve this problem, it could read student's thinkings, from that parents and teachers could understand about expected of their kids, or their students. Therefore, they could modify their ideas, lessons to able to suitable. It leads to success in learning of teachers and students; or it could make kids and parents get closer, and decrease the bad things happen.

The use of the technology can read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. It helps to understand students feelings, or reactions about the lessons, thus the teachers can recognize what are things helpful, and unhelpful. From that, the effective in studying will be increased. Besides that, it also brings advanges in communication between parents and child. The adults could realize their kids are struggling with something or not. Then, they could find the ways to share, or help. In order to not let anything bad could occur, as having negative thinkings and lead to suicide.      