I can just imagine how the near future ahead may look. From time to time I ask my great grandmother questions about the life she had growing up and im always amazed by the comaparison to the life that I live. I have grown up with technology at my fingertips, techonology from the alarm that wakes me up to the music I listen to on my ipod when I go to sleep. Growing up I don't remember getting lost and having to ever ask for direcions when traveling out of state with my family. We simply used our GPS system. I like watching movies on the car when we go places, and I life the rear camara on the car that helps us drive safely. These new techonologies have made our lives much easier and thanks to those bright minds that have created and innovated the techonlogy we have.

As time goes by, we as a society must make progress, and its clear that we have. Along with progress comes some disagreements and possible dangers thanks to time and acceptace from our society we have made great improvements from, lets say the time my great grandma was just a young girl. From these I can say that when the question of driveless cars comes up I am all for it. I believe that having to get inside a smart car that "could drive themselves", is not a bad thing or idea at all.

"In the 1980's auto makers used speed secors in the creation of anti lock brakes. Within 10 years, those sencors became more advanced. Since 2009 Google has had cars that could drive themselves under under specific conditions." The improvents cars have made have been done for own advantage and yes, one could arugue the dangers of having a driveless car, since a driveless car is not the same as just having better brakes or a Google car that still has a human in control of it but it's evident that since the past there have been innovations made to cars and our everyday lives that has only led to greater things through out the decades.

These new cars have challeges to overcome and these challeges are the reason some oppose the idea and in some states it is even illegal to even test computer driven cars. Some question their safety and liability in the case of an accident but like anything new it has to start from somewhere in order to improve. To this day auto makers are continuing their work on the assuption that problems ahead will be solved and as a member of the future I look foward to those soutions and the positive changes it may bring and I want to be able share progress stories one day of how far we have come.