Dear state senator i am in favor of the

Electoral College .The

Electoral Collage the process,not a place Founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between elections of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by the popular vote of qualified citizens.

Electoral Collage consis of the selection of the electors where they vote for president and vice presidence,and the counting of the electoral votes by the congress. The

Electoral Collage consis of the 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to select the president. Under the 23rd Amendment of the constitution, the district of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the

Electoral Collage .Each canidate running for president in our state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are chosen by the canidates political party,but states laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are.

President election is held every few hours on tuesday after the first monday in november. You help choose our states electors when you vote for president because when you vote for president because when you vote canidate you are actually voting for your canidates electors. After the presidential election your governor prepares a certificate of ascertainment listing all the candidates who ran for presidenty in your stare along with the names of their respective electors. The certificate of ascertainment declares who the winning presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors will represent. Your state certificates of ascertainments are sent to the congress and the national archives as part of the official recors of the president election.

Why people think the

Electoral collage is wrong? Because over 60% percent of the voter would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. This year the voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. Whats the bad thing about the

Electoral collage is that voters vote not for the president, but for a slate electors,who in turn elect the president. Peaple dissagre with the

Electoral collage do to the fact is is unfair to voters. Because of the winner take-all system in each state,canidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. Those are mostly the main reason why the people do not want the

Ellectoal collage to continue they want to be the one who choose who is winning.

I agree with the

Electoral collage and think it should continue with it. I think the president and the congress ahould continue to decide who is the winner they got more expirience and know who will be the best person to continue with it and win the

Electoral collage .               