Many citizens in the United States vote for whom they believe will acheive the goals and standards of serving as the U.S President. People think the process of voting is simple, but is it really? In the U.S, there is the Electoral College, which is'nt such a good thing for some people. That is why I'm in favor of changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States because voters can't control whom their electors vote for and the people in the U.S have a say of what goes on in their country, including the election of the president.

The Electoral College process allows citizens to vote for an elector in their state whom they believe will choose their prefered president. If the elector of their choice wins the statewide election with 87 votes, the elector votes for their prefered president along with the 87 votes. As stated in source 2 "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always." When the elector votes for their prefered president, all the votes used on that elector counts for the president. Instead of going through this whole process, would'nt it be less of a struggle to just have citizens vote for the president of their choice and win by popular votes? Also stated in source 2 "Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes." This shows how the Electoral College is difficult to understand for some people. The Unites States consists of many people who come from other counrties and speak other languages. This makes it even more complicated for some to understand even if the process is translated, and just by eliminating this process, it could make Presidential elections less complicated.

The U.S is different from any other place in the world. It is a free counrty! The citizens have a say in what happens in their counrty. The people make the decisions, the people vote for what they want and the people should be able to elect a president they believe will give them that! According to source 3 "... it is the electors who elect the president, not the people." Why can't the people be the electors? If the people in the United States don't have the freedom to vote for a president of their choice, what say do they really have? Electing a president is like raising money for charity, the president does all the work but all they money that is raised goes to charity (the people). The people want someone who will help raise the money for them, not screw over their charity. Just like when signing up for a job the boss needs to see your resume, is like the people needing to see what the president can do to help their country. The citizens should be the ones making the decisions with help from the president that they believe could help with such decisions, not from electors who believe so.

Electing a president is very important to the country. Electing the president that people think could help support the U.S is also very important but very difficult as well. People should be able to easily vote for their prefered president with no difficulty, which happens to be caused by the Electoral College. By aborting this process, voters could control who they vote for and have a say in their country by voting for their prefered president. Having citizens tricked into voting for an elector is not the way to elect a president. Should'nt people in the Unites States have a say in who their president should be without being tricked?                                                                                                                       