Everyone loves the idea of being able to stay home and complete all of their work from home. Sounds good right? Well it might not be as good as you think it would. Being home schooled, as some would call it, is not as beneficial as someone would think. Yes, the idea of having to wake up in the morning and go to school is hard for most people, but in reality going to an actual physical school can help you in many ways. Some people argue that even though this might be true it's still better for kids to do their work at home. I believe that students will not benefit from attending classes from home; in fact, it will probably hurt the students more than it should by not helping them prepare for the real world.

Most students dislike the idea of waking up in the morning and going to school, but they don't realize that school will eventually help them prepare for the real world. In every single class offered at school, from math to art, each class is able to teach their students something valuable that will help them succeed in the future. For example, it's very important that everyone no matter their age has good communication skills and is able to work well with others. If kids don't attend school then how are they going to be able to strengthen these important skills if they're at home. It's very important for someone to have these skills in order for them to function in the real world. Imagine getting a part time job at your favorite cafe and then getting fired because you can't communicate well and work with your fellow employees. That would be horrible and could potentially happen again because of the lack of basic skills. By going to school we can assure that kids learn these skills and will be able to do well on: job interviews, be able to communicate with others, and work well with anyone they meet. Time goes by fast and sooner than later kids will grow up and venture out into the real world we must make sure they are ready; and this can only be done if they attend school regularly.

We all have that one subject that stresses us so much our heads feel like they're going to explode any minute. Well by attending a physical school it may help you get some of the stress off. Schools have a day where both teachers and students can meet in order to do missing work or get the extra help they need. My school for example offers a specific class called lancer time where kids get a pass from their teachers and go to them for any reason possible. If you still need help then you can stay after school on a specific day and there is transportation provided. This is very convenient because if at any given moment a student needs help with something they can go and get it. Home schooled students don't have this option because they are being taught at home and arent' attending a school. This is very inconvenient because what would happen if a student needs help with something, they won't be able to get the help they need. If you attend a physical school then it's going to be very easy for you to get the help you need whenever you need it. Another way is by going to a class full of people you can get someone, like a friend, to help you and then you can both compare work to see if you are doing it right. If you're home schooled then you don't really have the option to have your friend help you or have any way of making sure your work is correct. That being said it's better for students to go to an actual physical school, so that they are able to get the help they need in order to succeed.

Just like every person is different every teacher will also be different. Some take their time explaining things while other teach so fast you don't get the chance to take notes. That being said if students are able to attend classes from home then they will be able to self pace themselves especially in classes that are hard for them. Let's say they're not that good at math, if they're at home they can take their time in order for them to fully understand the concept. By allowing them to do the work at home we are helping them more, than by sending them to school and watching as they don't understand anything because of how fast the class pace is. Another thing being, if they're at home they will focus much better unlike school where one can barely focus due to how loud some people can be. This will have a big impact on how they function, at school they might not focus due to all of the noise,and fail, but at home it's quiet and they will be able to focus way better. We all want our students to do well in school and the only way to ensure that is if we allow students to attend classes from home.

In conclusion, students will not benefit from attending classes from home because they aren't going to be well prepared to venture out into the real world. Everyone needs an important set of skills in order for them to function and this can only be done by attending an actual physical school. We should all make sure that every single students is well prepared for the world. We want them to accomplish great things and be able to feel happy about what they accomplished. That being said the only way for students to feel that way is by sending them to school. Even though the idea of being able to attend classes from home sounds really good it will not help you prepare. It's more important to go to an actual school to learn the necessary things you will need than by doing classes from home and not be prepare for the real world.    