Could attending classes from home via online or video conference be a beneficial option that schools offer? I believe it would be a good option to have for those having problems with bullying. Bullying is still a big problem across the world causing depression among young teens. Having online school as an option for those who go through harassment and or assault could help decrease the rate of depression among teens.

Another factor is getting more sleep. Typically when teachers ask how much sleep their students get at home the in my experience the usual response is five to six hours. The recommended amount of sleep teens should be getting at least is eight hours and at most ten. The teachers on the other hand aren't surprised by those numbers the students come out with due to how many of them play sports and take AP classes. This can also cause a lot of stress like on test days, important sports competitions, or cramming in assignments last minute because other classes are assigning multiple projects due in the same week. Attending classes at home would mean they have the option to start thier classes at a later time assuring that they can sleep in in the morning to get the extra few hours they're missing out on. Not getting enough sleep effects the productivity of the student which could prevent them from finishing papers on time then having their grades drop. Which could all lead into depression.

Making friends at school can be pretty difficult, especially at schools where there are "social classes." For example: A teen who is more anti-social would have a harder time than someone who is much more comfortable talking with big crowds. Or even someone whose being bullied or have a mental issue they can't do anything about. This could also induce stress to the teen when assigned a group project or assignment. Attending an online course would help them in that manner of not being comfortable around others.

Could not having friends also be a problem? Not having friends could also cause depression in the teen which could lead into showing less effort and not having motivation to complete assignments. Would taking classes at home make the teen become lazy? Its possible to happen due to the work environment, it could definitely cause distractions like working next to the television or their cellular device. As long as the teen can be in a closed environment with less distractions it should not be that big of a problem. It is also likely that they try and cheat on assignments, but it would more or less show when taking a test without knowing the required knowledge that they just took off of the internet.

In conclusion attending online course could be beneficial to those struggling to attend school while dealing with bullying, stress, and or depression. It can also help work on their independence in the future with colledge or a day job. Even though it can also cause a few problems like laziness, it can easily be solved through motivation. Overall it should be provided by more schools so that parents can consider it an option.