The author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit because, venuse have been the most like earth planet in our solar system. they belive that long ago venus was probably coverd with large oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth."venus can sometimes be a nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel". NASA has been thinking of many ideas to help humans explore venus, possible solution to the hostile condition on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray of venus. bump like vehical hovering over 30 or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. like a jet airplane travel at ahigher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the deadly ground conditions by staying up and out of the their way. researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus.

NASA have come up with example of tool that can help build a safe ship for human to travel to venus. some simplified electronics made of silicon carbibe have been testred in a chamber simulating the chaos of venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in venus conditions. mecchanical computers which is an old technology might help people explore venus. peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited on ground. most light cannot penetrate the dense atomoshpere, rendering standard forms of photograhy and videography ineffective.

Even though venus is the close to earth twin there are still many dangers to exploring the planet. the atmospere contains 97 percent carboin dioxide. the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus's atmosphere. on venus surface tempertures aveage over 800 degrees fahrenheit. the atomospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what humans experiance on our own planet.

The condition on venus are far more extreme then anything humans can encounter on earth. the enviorment would crush even a submarine diving to the deepest parts of our oceans. venus has the hottest surface temperture than any planet. high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like eurupting volcanoes. powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface.

striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value. because human curiosty will likely lead us into many equally intimidating enveavors. travelers on earth and beyond should not be limited by danger to explore venus more. venus should be expanded to help meet the edges of imagination and inovation.

i think that the more NSA workes together to make tool to go see mre of venus them they will be able to explore more anytime.