In the story "A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves" Luke was a cowboy rode the waves. he helped people in Europe after War World 2. Luke went to Europe to help people that didn't have shelter, food or animals. When Luke just graduated highschool his friend Don asked him if he wanted to go to Europe. Luke knew he couldn't pass this opportunity of a lifetime up.44 Nations joined together to form

UNRRA [ther United Nations Relief and Rehabilitaton Administration.] "UNRRA hired "Seagoing Cowboys" to take care of the horses, young cowes, and mules that were shipped overseas. Luke and Don signed up." Luke wanted to help people if he didn't go he wouldn't like to help people.

'Luke did get some free time when he was on the boat he got to see Venice, Italy he also toured an excavated castle in Crete and mareled at the Panama

China" he got to see many things many people don't get the chance to ever see. It was an aventure for him. "it took about to weeks to cross the Atlantic Ocean from the eastern coast of the United States and a month to get to china" It was hard work to keep ever animal safe and alive on the long journey and animals could have died of sickness and cancer and a lot of other thing like not getting any excercie. " Heping out on his aunt Katie's farm as a boy had prepared Luke for hard work, but not for dangers at sea. On Lukes second trip, Luke served as night watchman. His job awas to cheack on all the animals every hour. One rainy night, after making his hourly report to the captian, he slid down a slippery ladder on his backside. Luke's haert raced as he shot feet firt toward an opening on the side of the ship. a small strip of metal along the edge stopped his slide, keeping him from flying overborad into the dark Atlantic. He was happy to be alive. But he couyld not work for a coulpe of days because of vraked ribs." He was really happy to be alive and he was ok with craked ribs because he was alive.

Reasons that people like Luke became or are going to be a Seagoing

Cowboy is because they like to help people in need that need food a shelter. They don't just do it to go to Europe and see everything and to have fun, they do it because they care about other people. 