Dear TEACHER_NAME,

As a student of your school i think that community service should be mandatory for all students. If we have community service it will make our community a nicer place to be with happier people. Also it will make it cleaner and not filled with garbage. Lastly it will help out our environment. this town needs it.

TEACHER_NAME

if we all could just be out with our friends helping our community for just 1 hour a week it would make our community much nicer. For an hour we could do things like clean up garbage. We could do things for the people and help our senior citizens, help the children of working parents, or even help people who are having dangerous though and who are unhappy. Also we could build something, maybe help build a park or even a new building. If any of these things were done it would benefit the community tremendously

The students could also clean up the town. There is garbage on the sides of highways and streets that have been sitting there forever. We could clean up parks and make them safer for children to play on. Also we could wash graffiti off of buildings by paint over them or scrubbing it off. This will only take one hour a week and will be something fun that all of the middle school kids can do together with their friends. Also it will make all the fun places around town safer for everyone.

Lastly if we can dedicate some of our time to the community it can save the lives of thousands of animals. There are things that animals will die if they eat, like gum for instance they will choke on it and die. Also many birds die each year from those rings that hold soda and beer cans, they usually wrap around there necks and kill the animals. Lastly if we put the garbage in bins the animals may not come into neighbor hoods and then will avoid being hit by cars. Just one hour of our time can save the lives of many animals.

TEACHER_NAME

we need to have community service here in our town. If we have community service it will benefit the community and its citizens. Secondly it will make the town a cleaner place to live with less garbage and debris. Lastly it will help our environment and hopefully save the lives of many animals and plants. Please consider the idea of community service it will do nothing but prepare us for the real world and help the community.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME      