The author supports the idea "that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit dispite the dangers it presents," by telling us why we need to know, how it affects us, and how we will. This is something that has been well thought out by NASA and they always know what , why and how they are doing something. The author uses insite from NASA to support his idea. By doing this the author has shown us the importance of Venus.

First, the author gives us reasons why we need to know this. The author says, "Often referred at Earth's "twin," Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionaly the closest in distance to,"(paragraph 2). This means, if Venus is that closely connected and similar to Earth then we can learn and adapt. They continue to find new discoveries in order to keep our civilization in tacked, and surviving.

Second, they explain how it affects us in our ordinary way of living. They answer the question of, If it is so dangerous why study more? They found that it could have been another Earth once. I know this because in the text it says, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system...The planet suface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountins, and craters,"(paragraph 4). This means that by studying it no matter it's condition we can to learn about it and why Venus is in the condition it's in, maybe to even prevent it for Earth.

Lastly, the author supports their idea by telling us how we are going to uncover more information without loosing more. They explain that NASA has a theory that sending anything electronic to it will die off within hours, where as sending parts from the 1800's - 1940's won't. I know this becaues in the text it states that, "NASA is studying other approches to studying Venus. For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lested about three weeks...These devices were first envisiond in the 1800's and played an important role in the 1940's during the war...but, these devices made calculations by using gears and levers without electricity...By comparison, systems that use mechanical pats can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces"(paragraph 7). This means that hypothetically NASA could send older tech and find a way to uncover more information.

Therefore, the author supports his idea, "that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents," by giving us multiple reasons why we need the knowlage, how it affects us and how we will accomplish that. First, by telling us that Venus is like our twin planet and learning what happened we could adapt. Secondly, by showing us that we are can prevent our own downfall. Lastly, the author tells us how NASA expects to pull this off.