The author gives lots of evidence and resons on this idea throughout the article. The author also gives some facts that really helps supports this idea. There are some really good things that are in the article that gives this claim some meaning. In all, the author did really good with this article and also put some good time into this article too. I enjoyed reading this and learned some interesting facts about Venus.

One major things that caught my eye was that the author used NASA as some research in his article. He also uses NASA as a resource to help with the support of this idea. NASA is a wide known for space exploration and research for our solor system.

At the beginning of the article, there is an introduction that gives some intesting facts about Venus. The author also talks about where Venus is in our solor system and how it is related to earth. This is a very good start in the introduction of Venus and what the article is about. In the third paragraph, he talks about what Venus atmosphere is like. There is termperature facts and the air you need to breath is useable. This starts to bring up the question. Is Venus worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents? The fourth paragraph, he talks about the terrain. This starts to bring up the question even more than before. In paragraphs 5-7 NASA is the main idea for those paragraphs. In those paragraphs also NASA research and facts are presented about this topic. The last paragraph has a powerful meaning and a idea that is very strong.

These facts lead to the evidence is many ways. Facts are what built and help evidence today. There is a lot of evidence that support my claim. Here is a couple of pieces of evidence taht support my claim. The first piece is that the author used NASA. NASA has done a lot of research about this topic. The second piece is that he used lots of facts to convince the reader taht he has put some time into makeing this article. This helps show that the author did really good in presenting the topic and give some really good evidence to back up his article.