I remeber My sixteenth birthday I woke up bright and early and went stright to the BMV. I was about to get the best gift that could be given to a teenager a gift of freedom,trust,and responsbility I was going to get my lisence. I was so excited to begin driveing I loved it driverless cars would take the joy of driving away. I dont think we should continue to spend a bunch of money devolping driverless cars. There will always be need for human alertness in the vehicle. What happens when there is a crash who is responsble the manufacture or owner of the smart car. With driverless cars there would no longer be any excitment of getting your lisence.

Driverless cars are so expenseive its not practical to own one. On googles driverless car there radar system for one car cost two hundred million dollers. Who realisticly has two hundred million dollers to spend on a prius. With cost like that these cars are mor of a televison fantisy than a practicality. If you were to buy a driver less car you would expect to relax during the car ride.

Actually driveless cars still and will always require human assitance. " all driverless cars are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navagating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires". These driverless cars arnt really driverless the will always require human alertness and asitance while in the vihicle. What will happen if you are in a smart car and there is a crash.

All it would take to breack my computer at home is to spill some grape soda on it. What will happen if the technolgy fails and you hit a pedestrian or anothier car. Who would be responsible for an accident the owner of the car or the manufacturer. "new laws will be needed in order to cover lialbility in the case of an accident". " Driving laws focus on keeping drivers, pasengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that saftey is best achieved with an alert driver".

The devolpment of driverless cars is a waste of our time and money. Cars will always be somewhat dependent on humans the will never be truly driverless. there will be many liability issuse if an accedent takes place. And what will be the fun in getting your lisence to just sit in a car that drivers itself. I want my children to feel the same way I did when I turned sixteen. I want to be able to give them same gift my dads gave me the gift of reponsbility, trust, and freedom.        