Many adults are suspicious of students if they call in stick. This suspicion is not unfounded either, many high school students feign sickness to get out of tests or to escape an impending due date. But for some students, feigning an illness is not an option. For these high achieving students, being sick could mean a week of catching up on missed material, even if only one day of class is missed. Although some students may try to take advantage of a long distance learning system, it can greatly reduce the stress of missing class and keep students from falling behind.

Implementing a long distance learning approach would reduce the stress of missing class commonly felt by high achieving students. High school schedules can be so packed with classes, missing only one day can lead to a week or more of trying to catch up on tests, assignments, and notes. These students, to avoid missing class, often downplay illnesses that otherwise would have kept them at home. A long distance learning approach would allow students who are sick to stay at home while still learning, participating in class, and getting any important dates or other information that may have been mentioned in the class. This will reduce the time the student must spend catching up and encourage the student to stay at home when they are sick. This, in turn, will keep diseases like the flu from spreading rapidly through the school system as fewer students come to class sick. If the lessons are recorded, a student missing school for an event can catch up on classes at times teachers are usually unavailable. Many students choose not to attend academic competitions, extracurricular activities, and other important events during the school day because of the fear of missing class. Recording lectures encourages these students to pursue academic enrichment outside of the classroom as they do not have to worry as much about catching up on classes. They can play back these recordings during times when teachers are not commonly available which decreases the time it takes students to catch up on missed work, thus reducing the stress of missing class.

Adding a long distance learning system to the classroom would also prevent chronically ill students who cannot attend classes regularly from falling behind. Many students with illnesses such as Lyme disease are forced to skip class due to their illness. If too many days are missed, the student can fall behind in class and many be forced to repeat a class or an entire year. This causes an unneeded burden on the student, the family, and the school system. The aforesaid parties would greatly benefit from a remote learning system as the chronically ill student would be able to keep pace with the class from home. This reduces the probability that the student fails the class and is forced to repeat it. By making lectures available online, these students, and all students for that matter, would be given the chance to earn a higher grade as working outside of the class is more efficient. Students who want to study for an exam can go back through old lectures to ensure that they know all of the important information presented in class. This would result in higher grades, fewer failing students, and a better chance of success in college and later in life.

Implementing a remote learning system may encourage some students to skip class for no reason. On the surface, more students skipping class seems undesirable, but a remote learning system will allow these students, who may have skipped class anyway, to keep up with the class. Students who were absent from class could be required to check the video recording for the classes they missed which would ensure that all students know what happened in class. Even if more students skip class, implementing this system would ensure that all students know what happened in class whether they were present or not and will minimize the likelihood of a student falling behind.

High school can be a time of great stress on students. The level of performance mandated by some classes requires students spend more time and effort than ever before to maintain academic performance. Given that, it is important that all students are supported at this stage in their life. A bad or stressful experience in high school can discourage students from pursuing college or other challenging achievements. Implementing a long distance learning system at the high school level would give students the support they need to make the best of their high school experience and continue learning throughout their life.