Abolishing the Electoral College

Every four years a new president is elected to run the United states of America. Which is caried out by a process called Electoral College Process. It is a meeting of various electors,in where they vote for President and Vice President. I firmly believe that this process should be abolished, and the President and Vice President should be chosen by popular votes.

For starters, the leader of the free world should be choosen directly by the American citizens. It must bruise like a birthday punch to know those who waited in lenghty lines for hours upon end, didn't obtain the President they bargined for because of electoral votes rather than popular. It is stated that "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now"

Source 2 Paragraph 9.

More than half of America's citizens would prefer direct election. So why aren't the officials giving America what they want? Possiblity to hold us captive in the "free world".

Another reason why the Electoral College process should be abolished, is the fact that we the people have to trust a complete stranger. Trusting a complete stranger with hands of your future is a difficult task to do. Seeing that most people in possession of power got there using propaganda. Posner believes that "each party selcts a sdlate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)..."

Source 3 Paragraph 16 . How is he completly sure about this? Hitler decieved his people and promised them "better days", and we all know how that went. The Elctoral College process is just not trustworthy.

All in all the Electoral College should be abolished and replaced with direct elections. This gives citizens more control over who they elect (which is supposed to happen in a Democracy). The people now freedom of choice, and the majority would be happy with the new leader of the free world.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     