In 1976 NASA released a photo of a landform on Mars resembling a human face. Not everyone was easily convinced that it was only just a landmass though. Conspiracy theorists believed that it was, "Bona fide evidence of life on Mars." In the article "Unmasking the Face on Mars," the author, Garvin, believed that it was only a mesa. I agree with Garvin that this landmass was not an alien or proof of aliens whatsoever.

There is a large amount of proof in the article that was confirmed by NASA that this face is only a landmass, nothing more. In paragraph two of the article the author claimed that mesa's were ordinary in Cydonia, area the mesa was located, according to scientists. The only difference between this mesa and other mesa's found on Mars is that it had uncommon shadows over it illustrating eyes and a mouth. Since mesa's are common in this area it is very unlikely that this, "face," was anything different than just an average mesa taken at an odd angle with a low quality camera.

The author also stated in paragraph seven that in 1998 that the photo was retaken with a higher quality camera. NASA released the photo onto a JPL website once the photo was confirmed and the only thing found was not an alien monument, but a natural landform. Many people still doubted that it was a mesa after this photo due to wispy clouds bluring the picture of the monument. According to paragraph ten in the article, the picture was taken one last time of the landmass revealing the same thing, an average mesa.

Mesa's also are found commonly in the american west as said in paragraph eleven. The mesa resembles the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain in Idaho. The two mesa's share a similiar height, appearence, and were not alien monuments. People argue that the mesa in Ohio doesn't have a face appearing on the top, but the only reason the mesa on Mars has a face is due to the angle at which the picture was taken as I said earlier in my piece.

The two oppsing sides in this argument have evidence to argue their opinion. The belief that the mesa is actually a face is inncorect due to evidence in the article and my essay. Mesa's are common in the area the picture was taken and the face was caused by shadows along with a low quality camera. Whichever side you are on I believe I have brought forth enough evidence to change your opinion or strengthen your opionion that there was no alien lifeforms yet found on Mars.