Would it be cool if you a computer can tell if you are actully smiling in a picture or if you are faking it? Will now therei is it`s called,"Facial Acton Coding System" as transfered too FACS. In the aticle Making Mona Lisa Smile by Nick D`Alto this commputer likewise tells us your emotions. And you muscules on your face what it tellls us if your haooy. It also tells us different reactions.

In the article This computer FACS can tell us how your muscles can helps the omputer with the emotion you are feeling. In the article on paragraph 3 it says "Eckamn has classified ix basic emotionsa-happiness, surprise, anger, disgust fear, and sadness- and then associated each with characteristic movement of the facial muscles"(3). FACS loooks your face muscles to indecate what your emotion and true emotion in front of the video you are showing. It can tell if you are happy, sad or desgusted.

FACS can also tell emotions just like on your face musles. In the article in paragrph 4 it says," the new emotion-recogniton software tracks these facial movement- in a real face or painted face of Mona Lisa"(4).This new computer can even exam you emotions on your face like it did on ona Lisa. Also, FACS even works on painted faces. It can tell if the painting of the persons face is happy not.

Another thing FACS can recongise what your face is doing face. In the article in paragraph 6 it says,"if you smile when a wed ad appears on you screen, a similar ad might floow. But if you fron, the ad willl be different. "A classrom computer could recongize when a students is becoimg confused or bored"(6). FACS is a really cool computer that tells us what on your face how it reacts and recongise the face expression you can give in a classrom.

Inconclusion, FACS is a computer to set a facial action coding sytem to know if your expression. Also, it`ll know if you are faking it by your face muscles. It recongize your expressions you can give druning a class. FACS also works on paintings. This new FACS computer is a really cool new technology system used in Advancd Science at the University of Illinois.