Parents are always looking for new ways to give their student the best education possible, but for some, the options available are not suitable for their student. Distance learning is a possible new option in which students can learn from home using online classes and possible video contact with their teachers. Students should have the option to attend class at home because it will allow students who are often absent to miss less of the curriculum and allow for easier catch up if work is missed, allow students who struggle with social situations to learn and ask questions in a stress-free environment, and give students the time they need to learn material or complete certain assignments.

Online classes will allow students who have frequent absences to attend class and make up work with more ease. Students miss school for many reasons, such as illness, travel, or family struggles, and each of these possibilities are often unavoidable. Classes at home would allow more flexibility for these students. In all cases, the ability to be at home would also allow these students to work when convenient, whether it is when they are feeling better or they have down time on a trip. Students should still be allowed absences in certain circumstances. If they miss a class, rather than having all of their work piled up and having to schedule time with each teacher, they can do the work from home, not having to worry about the schedules of anyone but themselves. A great example is students with poor immune systems that get sick quite often. Depending on the severity of the illness, students who are home sick could attend classes without the fear of contaminating others or getting exposed to worse germs, and allow them to avoid a place that houses countless bacteria and viruses that could cause an illness at any time.

Not only this, but on a day that a sick student stays home from school, they often have periods of feeling better and having more energy, so these periods could be utilized for working on classwork, a luxury that is not available in a school building. If this same student were taking classes at school and missed an assessment in class, they would have to schedule time outside of that class and coordinate to find a time that is available for both them and their teacher to make up the work. However, if this student missed an assessment that was online, they would be able to make it up any time that they are free, not having the restrictions of seven hours of a tight packed schedule or specific times in the day. Distance classes would allow for less absences and missing work, improving the experience of both students and teachers.

Some adults may be concerned that at home learning would deprive students of face to face interaction on a daily basis, but for some students, these interactions cause unnecessary stress that hinders their learning. Anxiety is becoming increasingly more common and that anxiety is often caused by social interactions. For students with such stresses, asking questions in class and asking teachers or fellow students for help is very difficult. The ability to ask such questions online will make them more comfortable and able to learn. If a student is unable to ask a question in class because they fear that they will be judged or make a mistake, they will continue to be confused about whatever it is they had a question about. If the class they are taking is online, that student could ask their teacher a question privately, with the ability to edit their phrasing, and get an answer the way they can understand it. Students would not have the everyday interaction of a usual classroom atmosphere, but students that choose at home classes will have greater benefits and can seek connections in a more comfortable setting for them.

Giving the option of at home classes would allow students to get a more personalized education. Every student has a different way of learning, so, many students struggle through classes because they are not being taught the way they learn best. Some students learn best by taking notes, while others learn by doing hands on activities. Some students can hear something once and be able to understand fully, while others take more time to process. At home classes gives students the ability to take the time they need to learn material and complete classwork. One student may only have to listen to a teacher lecture and take little to no notes to understand a topic. Another student may need to listen, take extensive notes, and reread or write their notes in order to gain a fraction of the understanding, but they are not able to do this in class. If the expectation in a class is that you are able to complete an activity after 30 minutes of a teacher talking, but that is not how some students learn, those students will be lost and fall behind the others. With classes at home and online, they would be able to take the time they needed to grasp a topic before moving on to use what they just learned. At home learning allows students to practice the learning style that helps them learn the best.

Distance learning should be an option for students because they are able to stay on top of their work when they are not at their best, have a learning environment that works well for them, and have the time needed to learn material. Just like any other new way of learning, there are concerns, but the benefits of distance learning greatly outweigh those concerns. This type of learning is only one of the many options for parents and students to choose from in order to get the best education and though it may not be best for some students, that should not take away the option from others.