Do you love  drive? Well some poeple do and they just don't like to drive every day to work.

first thing if people don't want drive they could just ride bike to work that help them with exerics. Also they don't know that the gas is ever high and they can't affored it and that why they walk or ride the bike.

Another reason is that 27 people had there can impounded or on side of the road becuase  they ran out of gas. when you drive and you see your gas meter and it on the E and your car just stop and you about 2 miles form the gas stion and you have a gas can in the back but you don't want to walk and you know you need that gas so that you can get home you think,think,think and you said i'm walk and you get out the car get the gas can and go. and people don't like drive they can just ride the train to work or the bus becuase you don't really have to put gas in your can you just ride and get drop off were you work.

Next thing i should think that they should make sidewalk for people that want to walk to school,home,work,or freinds house. Well if they family want to go on a trip to see there grandma then they can take there car and go see her. And what ever car you got please look for the limit becuase some car drink gas and then you have to fill it back up again. If it was just less driveing they approach stores,and other thing that they can walk to. If you need a ride home you can call the tax and they will take you home and you really don't have to drive or put gas in the car.

I think people should stop drive becuase you really don't need to drive every day about 4,000 people don't have there license and the drive. if you drive and it cold you should trun a on the heat to low becuase heat will messup your emission. and that why i should think that people should walk stead of drive all the time.

We all the people should just say that Monday,Tuesday,Wensday we all should drive to school,work or where ever and Thursday,Friday,Saturday they should walk to work or take the bus. And that why the people should drive less. what you think?    