Driverless cars are a thing of the future. They would be very useful especially if they use less fuel than normal taxis, but in stituations where there is dangerous road conditions, like snowing flooding, and high winds, how will the car react?

With the weather always chaning will the driverless car be able keep up or will everybody just have to stop what they're doing? The weather influences driving greatly. You have to be able to drive in any condition, thats why driverless car aren't ready. If the driverless car needs someone to take over when theres road work and accidents, the same thing would happen in dangerous driving conditions. The car could not tell that there is ice on the roads. Sometimes cars hydroplane, the smart car would not be albe to right the car but, just spin out and take the impact and put lives in danger. This would increase accidents or even deaths. These cars aren't safe to drive in conditions like these. The smart car isn't smart enough to be driving in different types of weather or situations.

The car can't adapt to driving condtions, so would it be able to avoid things like pot holes and animals that run out in front of cars? Pot holes occur every where, if one of these driverless cars hits one a blows a tire the passenger could be stranded. The car couldnt have did anything to avoid the pot hole, so its not to safe. Then there are animals that jump out in front of cars last second or even people. The road is always changing and things are always happening, i dont believe the driverless car will be able to function in certain situations. Sensors can only sense so much that certain times if there is no person in the driver seat things can go wrong.

There are times in traffic that traffic ligths go out and people have to make decisions. The car can not think to stop at a flashing ready light and then yield to oncoming cars. There are situations there a person is the best option. Unless the car can think for it self. The drivrless car is too unpredicatable and can put peoples lives in danger. Accidents occur all the time, i don't believe a driverless car can avoid an ongoing accident. Then there are situations with police, or stolen cars. Would the car give away its owner if they were on the run from the police? How would traffic stops work, would the car be so perfect to not break the law? The car could be harboring fugitives or runways or even kidnapped victims. The car wouldnt be smart enought to know, its going to do what its told and drive.

i dont believe that self driving cars are ready for todays society nor will they ever be. The road is alwasy changing and the car would not be able to keep up.