For my perspective on the situation, I am not positive nor negitive. Some of the ideas from bouth the positive and negitive side are good as thay are bad. For what I think is what I will pull from the story to my wrighting. As example on the positive side, I think the seat vibrating when ready to back into a car is an amazing idea for drivers who need more help when parking. The negitive side on the outher hand, yes we should not have cars that dirve without human control.

Just because we are fecinated on the idea of cars driveing themselvas does not say we should have than. I will and in from he section it says from television this idea was brought up. If it is from that television is not always right. Especially when it comes to safety. Safety is nouthing to play around with or to toy with. It is a prevention of lot lives and or injeries.

The human driver should have their hands, plure on the weel at all times unless thay have finished there driveing route to their destination. Again for the positive the idea for a camera feed from the rearveiw mirror should be in place for driveing and more so parking help. Anouther and lastly for the positive side, the 3-D model of the car's surroundings. It should be there for better and less reckless driveing. Lastly finishing on this selection of text.

It says thay need human instruction to get around construction or a reck for safer driveing. We need alert drivers at all times. If thay can not handel that thay should not be allowed permition to these machines. People have lives need to be kept. This is what should be done to keep that and less injeries.

In my conclution we should not have self driveing cars. Parts from the car can be used to help us with our own driveing to prevent a reck. In a sertain situation being it a huge rode blocking or little bump into a parked car. pedestrians could be prevented from harm as well. As I have finished my conclution I shall leave you with this. Would you want to keep youre life from the parts of the cars, or lost from a self driveing car gone out of controll or messed up from bad construction/matinance?