Many famous people who became famous for their work of whatever expertise they acquired usually didn't ask for just one specific person's idea. They saw many people's criticism to something that they made, and they improved their idea gradually, such as

The Simpsons.

When they first made the main characters, it seemed to be poorly drawn and the voices were weird, but as the episodes went on and on, the characters and voices had smoothed out and improved to what they are today. Having one person to ask for your opinion can sometimes be just the right thing to make your project approved by one person other than you, but sometimes asking other people can give you many more perspectives to look at, giving you an upgraded idea for the one you just had. Multiple opinions from different people is beneficial because it can provide different perspectives, they can help out with problems, and they can compliment you on how great it looks.

Having many peoples' opinions presents you with different people giving their own taste at what they like and don't like with the idea you have. Not everyone has the same idea for the ideal project that you think of. Each person has a different mind set on what they like and don't like, and what could be added or removed. When it comes to ethnicity and people's income, people can say that the idea is too much money, or that some people might not like something about the idea because it upsets their culture or beliefs. This can make you consider whether you can change the idea to make it less cruel to the person's culture or beliefs, or you can also consider dropping the price of the idea you have. The idea can also affect different types of ages, because they can think that the idea is cruel or misunderstood. An example is if you were trying to make a game based on WWII, some older people would not like it because it can portray the wrong idea of what happened. Although old people might not like it, many teenagers or young adults might like the idea of your game, and creating this story line from the old people's perspective might make the teenagers lose interest in the game you made, so it makes you think a lot whether you should agree with the old people, agree with the teenagers, or have a combination of both an older, original WWII story line, and a less original WWII story line.

People can point out problems with your idea, and find a way to correct the it. If there is an error or flaw in your idea, they can point it out so your idea won't contain that flaw anymore. An example is the Apple Company that makes a variety of electronics that people. They don't have just one version of the idea that they made; they have many different types of phones, each coming from different years with different ideas of the ideal iPhone that everyone would like to buy. People give their ideas to the Apple Company, such as having a phone with no home button, having a bigger-sized phone, or even having a brand new product, like AirPods. Many people who ask one person think it can be embarrassing to ask someone if there is anything wrong just to find out there is something wrong, although it doesn't matter if you get embarrassed or not. It matters that you got the mistake from someone and corrected that mistake for the better of the people. In fact, having more problems is better than having none, because that just means you just have some more to work on, and if the first type of your idea doesn't work out, you can always try again and again with your idea until it has reached the best outcome it can possibly receive.

You can get many compliments on your idea, producing a good feeling that your idea is great. The more compliments you receive, the more people who say they like the idea. Many famous writers used other people's thoughts to see whether or not their book is good, and they ask for their opinion. An example from me is my favorite series of books:

Gone Series.

On the front cover of the book, it has one quote from an author, and on the back there were many other quotes from other companies. Adding to the quotes, on the top of the book said

#1 New York best Selling Book , basically saying to new readers that this series is good and popular. That is usually why on the front cover or back cover of a book contains a quote from different people or companies showing their good opinion about this book, so the readers can see that since this person liked the book, then it must be a good book to read. Having an award on your book also brings in popularity because winning something like the Pulitzer prize can bring a ton of attention to your book. It can give you more to believe in that your project will be good because you have many people who say your project is good. Not just the people who say that it's just "good", but also the people who point out the things that they especially liked within your idea, such as, "I liked how you included this part to make that huge problem go away." These kinds of compliments makes you feel even better inside, and it tells you that you can take your mind off that one part of the idea and imagine more possible problems.

It doesn't matter if you have a mistake or two in your idea that was pointed out by someone. What matters most is that you asked people for their opinion, and having the best idea you can have. When you ask people for their opinion, it gives you inspiration, courage, and perseverance to keep on doing your best, because in the end, it can turn out to be the best thing you ever did, maybe receiving a ton of money, winning awards for your accomplishments, or meeting other famous people who also like and use your idea on a daily basis. If your idea just doesn't work out in the end, you could either ask more people for their opinion on how to revive your idea, or it can be your end to the project and give up on the idea. Either way, it can at least be the most fun you've had working on an idea in your life.