My argument for the development of these cars is against it because i do not agree with some stuff such as the cars driving its self.

If a car drives it's self then it would be no fun for people who have cars. This development is crazy because it will change many things. We should keep cars the way they are instead of changing them to something different that not everyone would like.

Many cars are already having many problems so why make a car that can drive its self? We should fix the problems in todays cars instead of worrying about trying to bring something new. People are putting to much in cars, such as sensors and computer hardware. These things might help but they could also fail at any time and turn into a bad situation. However it could be a good idea to always add safety things to the car, but not everything can be sure to always work. Anything can fail at anytime.

Technology is really advanced! Everyday people are working on something new because of how well technology is. If technology keeps on advanving people will make more things and come out with incredible things. Many of these things won't be safe. People have to think in the safety of theres and others. It is not a great idea If you let a car do everything for you because that could be dangerous. You should be able to control the car whenever you want . Imagine if you come to a stop sign and the car doesn't stop? that could seriously cause a problem. Somebody could get hit and that will not turn out good.

Other cars like BMW's and Gm have developed mny different things for cars. In the article for example says a BMW has a "Traffic Jam Assistant" whitch means the car can handle driving funtions at speeds up to 25 mph. What if the car was to stop working and keep going and not being able to stop? what would happen ? Nothing good would. GM has developed driver's seats to vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. What if you trust this vibrator and you wait till it vibrates to stop backing up and the vibrator fails and you hit something? that could be dangerous. You could back into a kid or person and run them over. You could also hit an object and damage your car. That's why i am stating my opinion on why i am against the development of these cars. We should stay with what we have until we are 100% sure about things. 