The science of emotion recognition is complex and is becoming exponentially more complex the further a topic is being disscused. In the realm of arguing weather the use of emotional recognition technology should be used in a classroom can be a very difficult tquestion. On one side, you can say it may invade privacy, but on the other hand, it could help teachers see if students are understanding the topic. The question still lies on which one is more important for both the student and the teacher. In my opinion, this technology should be implemented into classrooms internationally because it will help students learn more effectivley, but also it will enhance the teachers teaching ability when they know where they're students are going array.

This technology could be very benificial for students across the globe. The ability for a piece of technology to understand your emotions could come in handy. There are many outgoing students, but there are also many introverted students. Some students may not feel confident enough to ask for something to be repeated, so they may simply sit at their desks puzzeled for the rest of the class, while a simple question could've avoided this. If this technology is instituted, it will automatically know when a student isn't confident on the information and alert the teacher. By doing this, the introverted student won't be confused for very long and the topic could be revisited without the student to have to personally ask. It not only will help introverted students, but students across the board. Every student will benifit form this technology and will display in their grades. With this technology, the students acedemic achievements will expand exponentially. Becuase of this ability for teachers to understand their emotions, the quick turn around of revisiting the topic and teaching it a little differently could help the students absorb all the information, especially the information that they mau have not conprehended initally. This technology will be very valuable for the students for both their enjoyment throughout school becuase of the reduced stress, and their improvents in acedemic grades.

This technology is not only bennifical to the students, but to the teacher as well. For the teacher they will automatically know if a student is struggling and in what topic. Thius could be very valuable to create a strong teacher studnent realtionship where the teacher is able to understant the smallest change in emotion to when they're confused or if they understamd it. This relationship could improving the learning environment and how comfortable a student with their students and peers. This technology could help teachers in both big and small schools. In big lecture halls, it may seem to be difficult for a professor to understand the emotions of all the students sitting before them, they might not even be able to see everyone because some may sit further away. With this new technology, teachers could be notified when some students become confused and then revisit a topic. Small classrooms could benifit greatly to this as well. Althought they are in a closer proximity then in lecture halls, they still will have the issue of not understanding the emotions which could lead to confusion. In smaller classrooms the teacher could know what they're doing wrong and be able to fix this easily without having to disturb the students. They can evaluate the emotions throughout the lesson and then later, they can change their lesson plans to adapt to the confusion of the students. This is again, a very valuable piece of technology that could help the teachers grow in their profession.

Initally one may think that this technology is redundant and that a teacher could just help the student, and that it may be invading the students privacy. In reality, this technology continues to prove its many values, and it's evergrowing amount of benifits that completly overpower all the ideas that some may think its unnimportant. This technology is valuable to both teachers and students equally. The teachers are able to improve their teaching techniques and the students understand more in school. This technology, however, is nowhere near done. This technology can be further improved in many aspects. I could keep improving and always creating a smarter version of the present day technology, that may one day, change the course of education forever. This could be implemented in the online schools to understand if a student comprehends the information the value of this is unspeakable and should be institued in classrooms globally.      