Dear State Senator,

Ever since our founding fathers established in the constitution that the president and vice president votes were determined by electoral college, the founding fathers made a good decision. Electoral College is a process where electors gather for a meeting and count the electoral votes to determine the new president and vice president. The United States should keep Electoral College to determine the president and vice president rather than a popular vote because Electoral College avoids run-off elections, and Electoral College is more fair than a popular vote.

To start off, Electoral College should continue to determine the president and vice president voting rather than popular votes because electoral college avoids run-off elections. If somebody was running for either president or vice president and they recieved thirty percent in popular votes, nobody would know if the person with thirty percent popular vote would win the election. Electoral College prevents confusion by producing a clear winner. For example, in source 3, the text reads "Richard Nixon in 1968 and Bill Clinton in 1992 had only forty-three percent of popular votes but both had three-hundred and plus electoral votes which made them win the election". The president and vice president make sure our country is running well and that we as a country have no problems. If we were to determine our president and vice president by a popular vote, whoever could kiss up more to the voters would win the election even if the person running doesn't meet up to the qualifacations of the person they are running against. Avoiding a run-off election is very important because no canidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. Also, if a popular vote was how the president and vice president were decided, not as much people would pay attention to voting because voters have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign of the people running for president and vice president.

Furthermore, Electoral College should continue to determine the president and vice president voting rather than a popular vote because Electoral College is more fair than a popular vote. In 2008 when Barack Obama won his election to become the 44th president of the United States, he didn't win by being the popular canadite, Obama won by his passion to make this country better than it already is. For example, in source 1, the text reads "The electoral college consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electorial votes is required to elect the president". That way of electing the president is more fair than a popular vote because you need 270 electors to say yes to make you president rather than people making you president by if your popular or not. Electoral College is what keeps our elections fair. There is no other way to elect somebody president becuase no other method will be this successful than Electoral College. After all, Electoral College has been the way to elect the president since the constitution was created. Popular Voting is a bad method if were used to determine the president and vice president because somebody who is running for president can manipulate people to think he or she is a good canidate for president when they really aren't.

To conclude, Electoral College should continue to decide the president rather than popular votes becuase Electoral College avoids run-off elections, and Electoral College is more fair than popular votes. Why should we change the way we elect president if this method has been working for over 200 years? Electoral College should continue to decide the presidency for years to come because it works so well. That's why Electoral College will stay as the way to elect the president.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME                    