Children were told sometime in their life that everybody was unique and different in some sort of way, that there were absolutely no two people that looks the same, much less think and act the same. This applies in everyday life from then and getting advice is not the exception. Everybody has different beliefs, experience and ways to do things so it's hard to find one person that exactly understand you to the point of giving you advice perfectly. It's much better to talk to several different people and think about the different possibilities the advice might have to find the perfect solution for the problem. People should ask the advice of multiple people because of different beliefs or prejudice, different experience and different ways that we all think.

It's no opinion that everybody has different beliefs. People fight over their beliefs everyday on the news everyday and people usually become friends with others who has the same beliefs as them. Although beliefs may be factual or wrong, it's what people hold close to and no matter how hard you might try, prejudice is unavoidable with beliefs. As a person giving advice, this will change your advice a little if not a lot and as a person receiving advice this might challenge your own beliefs. Asking multiple people for advice might help you understand which is the beliefs that differentiate and translate into your actions.

Everybody was born differently, in different situations and in different times. This impacts their experiences, from every moment of their life. Even if two people go to the same event, they might still have absolutely separate experiences, because everybody might feel different things at different times. For example, if somebody wants advice on a person, two people might totally different and separate experiences with that one person because we don't behave and react to things the exact same everyday. Asking multiple people will avoid and help you combine the helpful experience and estimate what would happen, where if you ask only one person, their experience might be completely different from you.

Just like beliefs and experiences, they way people thinks is always going to be different. An example is the thinking difference between children and adults. How children thinks aren't that mature yet but they can probably think quicker but less effective. Adults could think much slower but overall make the wiser decisions. This can impact advice giving and getting all kinds of point of views can help you sort out your thoughts and make the overall best decision for yourself on your own problem more than getting one piece of advice and doing the wrong thing for yourself.

Getting advice is easier to manage and organize if it's from all kinds of different people. One person giving you advice may impact your problem to be even worse because they might have different beliefs, experience and the way they think may be different. The person who has the problem should be the one deciding, and getting advice from one person might pressure them to do what would make their problem worse or not the way the original person might have wanted it to go like.