The principle wants all students to take at least one extracurricular activity I agree with the principle because having one will help you real under stand to manage your time wisely,and it can help you under stand how you spend your time. My opinion is if he makes this a requirement for students will have a better chance to succeed in the real world with what they learned for example managing,and learning the value of time will help you make the right chooses.

One reason I agree with the principle is that studies have shown that have done a extracurricular are the most likely to succeed in life cause they have learned the too most important things in life to me is what you should use your. Time on or what is worth your time not much people know this but time is very valuable if you know how to use it wisely you have a better chance to succeed. Dont get me wrong you can still succeed without using knowing this but cause you dont know it your wasting to much time and the extracurricular activities most likely get you a scholarship therefor you are using this because they people used the time therefor they can have much more opportunities.

Second reason I agree is that time is priceless it is not infinite people dont know how much time they really have therefor its better to make the best of it before its all gone therefor the people who have chosen to use there time. Wisely they have much more time cause they have done what they had to do getting more time but it docent mean the people around them will get the same cause they chose there path and they chose there toured success. By choosing that path they have chosen there future which docent really change unless there has been a large impact like death or courage to do what ever it takes to succeed no mater what any body says to try to turn you down.

Final reason is managing time is what you need for jobs therefor if you are learning it early own the essayer it is,and to lost of people this is a great skill to have therefor this quality will get you many jobs since you know how to. Work your schedule therefor there work on time team projects have time on your schedule and someone cant make it they type of people often help out and get promotion or get played into a low payed job but that docent really happen often.

Sincerly,therefor if the princple dicidcides to make having a elxctoal activity a requirment he or she is leading students to succeed in th future if all schools do this etheir their will be less poverty or more students passing by the years will drop out which do the people choice?