DEAR, Senator

Changing the electoral college would not be an great idea due to the fact that it has been around for centuries and would negatively impact the voting system. Some believe the voting system is a very unfair and outdated system because of the electoral college. When changing the system to popular vote it will affect many people, it may also come out worse than the electoral college. 3 big points why the electoral college should stay the same is one because the electoral college has been around keeping voting in place for centuries. The second great point is that a disaster only happend once. Then the third main point is the winner take all idea is a great idea for the electoral college.

The electoral college has been around forever so why change it now. Some belive that the electoral college is a good idea Because of the voting way in the electoral college system voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors. which is good because people need to have a leader of there state and that leader shows them which president is really good for whta they do. Presidents talk about what they are gonna do to help the country and the slate elelctors define what the presidents are gonna do to help out that certain state. Then the people of the state vote there slate electors for good reasons. The electoral system should stay around alot longer the system is just rigt for voting.

The electoral  college is in good shape for staying and not changing a disater only happend once 14 years ago back in 2000. That means at least  3 elections happend since then and nothing went wrong. Even though if the electoral college system is such a good system then why was there such confusion in th200 fiasco. That makes the electoral college system look very bad becuase it can keep it's voting in balance at all. This was only once, If the system changes then this could happen more than many more times. Then soon we won't even know which president wins the election.

The electoral college looks really good due to the "winner-take-all"

system which awards all electors to the winning presidential canidate. some say this is far but others believe the "proportional representatin" system, the system that the state governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment", which list all the canidates who ran for president in the state along with the names of there respective electors.

In overall the eletoral college should stay due to the fact that the electoral college has been around keeping voting in place for centuries, a disaster only happend once and finally is the winner take all idea is a great idea for the electoral college.  so let's not try new stuff keep the electoral college.            