In the vast idea of being right or wrong, an individual can easily be swayed or unsure whether something is just the way they wanted it. In this case, and many others, seeking outside advise or help can solve this problem. Not only can seeking help create a better understanding for the person who was unsure of something, but it can also relieve stress and anxiety, which is a major component of a decision about to be made. Also, a further benefit of asking for outside help, is for the well-being of others. If this decision could affect the lives of other individuals, its only common sense to be one hundred and one percent sure before making that decision, and what better way to be one hundred and one percent sure than asking the advice of others.

Seeking understanding is a huge skill that many don't have and is a skill many should develop. Asking someone a simple question like "Is this good to go?" can truly impact someone's mindset of how to deal with problems, and can give them strong advice of how to handle the problem they currently have. Multiple pieces of advise would make an even bigger impact on a person and give them more understanding of what others think. Because of this they will be more prepared, and have a different mentality for future problems. From my personal experience, I can relate to having others critic and check my work because I know the helpfulness and understanding I get, can make a real impact on me.

It has been proven that stress only causes harmful and emotional side effects to individuals. So, why not remove it? That is exactly why simple checks on your work, or something you may be unsure about can make a real impact. As stressful as everyday human lives can be, there's no harm done in taking a little out of your time to ask others about your situation and how to deal with it. Being more sure on something can cause an individual to worry less and end up making better decisions. Maybe you have a huge decision coming up like a proposal. You need to be absolutely sure and know it in your gut that this is the right decision to be made, and asking others can help you know that you are making the right decision or you are making the wrong decision. The more advice someone has, the more confident that someone can be, and can have less stress going through with that decision.

If you live by the motto "Put others before yourself" it is critical to understand that the decision you make could negatively affect others, as well as yourself. An example of this is smoking marijuana. By doing this, you could be causing others to be doing it as well, just because you are doing it. You could be at a legal age, but marijuana is still bad for you as well as others. Asking your friends if they are okay with it and if it is a good decision, can cause you to realize that in the long run, it is a bad and not a thought-out decision. Like said before, other people's lives are also important and seeking help before a decision, to make sure that it is good and well-thought out, can make a true impact in others. Also, as modern day society is getting bigger and bigger, and people are becoming more reliant on safety, it is extremely important to ensure and provide safety for each individual, and asking for other's advice can ensure you that your decision is safe and responsible.

All people strive to do what's right, whether it be doing right toward others, or to yourself.

Doing right toward others and yourself doesn't just mean getting good grades or achieving an award, but it means doing the right thing. Asking others for advice can ensure that you are doing right toward others and yourself. When doing this, you can seek out understanding of the problem you are facing, which can be an important skill for people to have. Throughout asking others for advice, you can relieve stress by knowing what you did was right, and you can be assured that what you are doing is safe and responsible, which won't have side effects that could harm or hurt others. A simple skill, asking others for help or advice, can truly make in impact in others and yourself.