Image this, Your a person who doesn't really get out much, you don't talk to that many people, and you just generally keep to yourself. Now, think about this next question I'm going to ask you. If you were like that, would you be jumping out of your seat to do an extracurricular activity? If you were in this position, you would most likely say no. For some people, they need someone to help them take that step, and get out their and meet new people. It's for this reason why I think that all students should have to do at least one extracurricular activity, because it can help them make new friends, it can help them discover new hobbies and talents, and it can improve their confidence and team building skills.

My First Reason for this way of thinking is that it can help the person make new friends! For example, look at this study that the Social Interaction and Communication Association took at a local middle school. When Students were pushed, or put out of their comfort zone to more things with others, they talked around 30% more than they use to, and had 45% easier time making friends with others. This shows that pushing these kids to talk to others more, or easing them out of their comfort zone, can really help them find people they can depend on. Showing that doing something like this can really be good for them. There isn't just that, there is also more evidence that proves this point! Generic_Name, A Counselor at Generic_School, Had this to say about pushing kids to do activities to meet new people "There is usually a reason kids can be like this, it's because they haven't found the group of people that understand them, when pushed though, they can find those people, and feel like they belong,". This shows that, from what Generic_Name observed, the students can find their people if they have someone help them try something new, and that they just need that little push to find them.

My next reason is that it could help you find talents and interests you wouldn't have found out by yourself. For Example, Here is what Justin Green, Author of fantasy books, had to say when asked about how he learned he liked to write, "Honestly, I first learned about my love of writing when I joined a writing club as a teenager, without that club, I may have never learned about my passion,". This shows that, even adults learned from taking that step, and learned about hobbies that they would have never known about otherwise! Another Example I have is a study made by The West Virginia Sports Association. They asked multiple college sports teams about when and how they gained the interest for the sport. A total of 50% of them said they learned about it through being pushed to take that step, and going out of their comfort zone. This means that, it's not just writing and more smaller hobbies, but sports like soccer and football as well. Showing that even famous people may have been pushed to take the step, and find their passion.

My final reason is that it can build confidence and team building skills! Going out of your comfort zone can really help you feel better about yourself, and not just keeping to yourself. Some Evidence for this is that, in a study taken by the Social Interaction and Communication Association, 60% of students that keep to themselves have lower than average self esteem. This would make sense seeing how if they always keep to themselves, they don't really have anyone to comfort them in their darker times, which this rule could help prevent. More Evidence that highlights this point is when Zachary Andrews, A College student from Colombia, had this to say, "I honestly never really talked to that many people when I was younger, I didn't really like myself, and didn't think I deserved friends, but when my parents made me join the basketball team, I met and found people that I got along with really well,". This would show that their is still hope for people that have low self esteem, that just have to have help taking the big step.

A lot of people on the other side say rule goes against people's right to make a choice for themselves. The most common example they use for this is that, in a study made by Mental Psychology University, 40% of students with lower self esteem and social problems often stay in their shell, out of habit and anger of being forced to participate. While that may be true, we can't help the people that will break out of their shell if we just look at the minority. Gary Smith, A Professor of psychology claimed the following, "while there may be others that refuse to participate, we can't eliminate the rule completely, doing so could lead to the students growing up with social problems, such as depression, or suicidal thoughts,". Looking at this, it shows that we are still helping people break free, and really live their lives, the others may just need more help with meeting new people. Everyone can do it, it just might take more time for others.

Overall, I feel that I have made many points and examples on why students should have to do at least one extracurricular activity. Such as it helping you make new friends, it can help them discover hobbies, it improving confidence and team building skills, and how we shouldn't focus on the minority when it comes to this rule. This rule can really help so many people that can't break out of their shells on their own, and really save them from a dark future without any support to help them through it. Now, reader, I want you to think. Should we really have students like those go through horrible thoughts and stress all alone, because some just need more help than others? No, we shouldn't. To help this cause, I want you spread awareness about this rule, call local schools about this rule, and how it could help. Most importantly though, If your a parent, do this to your kids, help them have support and friends when the rough times comes. They may be groaning now, but trust me, they will be happy you pushed them, and so will you.