I think that we should change the electoral collage because is it not very organize and theirs slot of voters that dont like it also in the electoral college you just dont vote for the president that you want for your nation you sre also for slays that you might not even want or like it should just be that you vote for the president that you want to represent your nation.

The electoral college has a major arguemnt against it electoral college. is what we might call the disaster. factor the american people should consider them selves lucky that the 200 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century. the system also allows the legislatures and they defy that shouldnt be like that they should let the people pick . In the eleltoral college they could be a a tie and thru popularity the presendent wins faster and theirs no tie and people dont have to worry about a tie also the electoral collage is unfair to voters because of the winner takes all the system in each state thats not  fair to the voters very unfair.

The electoral college has been notice to be unfair also is outdated and irrational the best agrguemnt in favor of the electoral college are mostly assertions with out basis in reality and the arguments against direct election are spurious at best that y people dont whant the electoral collage no more it should  be abolish

The electoral collage should be taken down it is not fair at all and voters dont want the electoral college. because it is being unfair to them and i agree with them .

Also in the electoral collage theirs been many mistakes. like when vice president richard nixon.  who was presiding over the seanate validated only his opponents elelcectors thats not right or fair he made sure to do so with out establishing a precedent what if it happens again the nations doseant need that .

Voters in the electoral college they get confuse and they canot control for whom their voting for and sometimes they get confused that they vote for the wrong candidate the electoral college is not organize and is no good.                                                                                                                   