The author suggests that studying Venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because "Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally imtimidation endeavor." I know this because in the text it says "NASA has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus." In the article it also says "referred to as Earth's "twin," Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too."

In the article it also says "NASA is working on other approches to studying Venus. This is why the author suggest to study about Venus.

NASA has an future plan to send humans to study Venus because NASA wants t o experiemnt life on Venus. I know this because in the article it says " Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." Another reason would be "scientist even discussing further visits to its surface." Final reason would be because "Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us." This is why NASA plans to send humans to study about Venus.

Venus is a identical twin to Earth because Venus in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closesy in distance too. I know this because in the article it says "Earth, Venus, and Mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds." Another reason would be because "scientists disscus further visits to its surface." Final reason is because both Earth and Venus are very identical and scientist plan to expand human life and have people start studying Venus. This is why Earth is identical to Venus.

NASA is approching to studying Venus because of its Atmosphere. I know this because in the article it says "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could of have supported Various forms of life." Another reason would be because "NASA's possible solutions to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." Final reason would be "scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand would need to get up close and personal despite the risks." This is why NASA is approching to study Venus.

The author suggests studying Venus because of humans are curious about this planet. I know this because NASA is approching to studying about Venus. Another reason is because NASA has future plans to send human to Venus. Final reason is because Venus looks similar to earth. This is why the author suggest studying about Venus.