There have been many studies done to find a new home for humanity. One of the planets that scientist have been looking at as a new home is Venus. Altought there are many dangers- such as the temperature, atmophere, and natural distaters- Venus has many good qualities and is very similar to Earth.

Venus is similar to Earth by its air pressure being similar to the Earth's sea level pressure, being close to the sun having pleanty of solar power, and once believed to have oceans and support life.

Venus is often called the Earths sister, or twin. Venus has a realitively similar size to Earth and is actually the closest in distance to Earth. Scientist believe, altought not able to land on Venus, that Venus has a similar surface to Earth as well. Scientist say that Venus has a rocky surface and, as the article says, "... features such as valleys, mountains, and creaters" (paragraph 4). With this, it is also believed that Venus once had oceans. If Venus had oceans, there is a chance that Venus can support life on its surface.

Not only is there a posibility that Venus might have had water, the air pressure is very similar to the sea levels on Earth. In Paragraph 5, the article says "... the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth". This means that those who lived on Venus would not be crushed by the weight of the air pressure. On other planet the air pressure is heavy enough to crush a person and is not suitable to live on.

Another reason that Venus would be suitable for humaity is because it is the second planet in the solar system and is exposded to a lot of sun light. As many people know, there is a big need for energy on Earth. As a result of this, the Earth is running out of fossial fuel and that is one of the reasons the Earth is dying. If humaity lived on Venus there would be a big source of solar energy, which is renewable energy. But like everything, there is a down side to living so close to the sun.

Venus is the hottest planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is the closest planet to the sun. Venus could melt many of the metals that we use in our everyday lifes. Because Venus is the hottest planet, the temperature can reach an average of 800 degrees Fahrenheit. Not only can the surface temperature be high, but there is 97% level of carbon dioxide in Venus' atmophere. Scientist have proven that humans would only withstand three weeks on Venus because of these conditions.

Even though there are many things stopping us from living on Venus now, there are still many things that we do not know about the Earth's twin. There is still so much more to explore on Venus. But for now we know that the air pressureis similar to Earths sea level pressure, it is close to the sun having pleanty of solar power, and is once believed to have oceans and support life. And one day Venus might need to become our new home. But until then, the human race will stay on Earth.