For the longest time electoral votes have been apart of the process of voting the government pulls certain people side and they cast their own vote of who they think should be president and the rules state that if theirs a tie between to presidents that the person who wins will be based on the electoral votes. Over the years we have had many wise presidents and other times we haven't. The state senator should consider changing election to popular vote for the president of the united states because its the peoples choice and its more safe route.

the electoral vote is a process, in quote number two it states "what have richard nixon,jimmy carter,bob dole, the U.S. Chamber of commmerce,and the AFL-CIO all,in their time agree on answer: abolishing the electoral colleg! their not alone; according to a gullup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al gore thanks to th quirks of the electoral college won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would perfer a direct election to the kind we have now."in the past decade certain presidents hae been caught doing wrong lieing, and being cheats. when those presidents get impeached the people feel robbed of something,their clarity. this quote is stating the facts that people like to win even presidents they'll do just about anything to get what they want some presidents will do speeches, work their absolute hardest and others wont. presidents and runner ups are very well educated men very wealthy some how they get in contact with the electoral college and they bribe them in anyway shape and form its heartbreaking. there are about 270 electoral votes that are required to elect the president, and the electoral college consists of 538 tons of people that have different mind set then other some that may be rascist, sexist and etc.

In the law system their are many people involved in whats going on they have lots of power. In source number two it states "segregationalists in lousiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who would oppose john F. kennedy." people want to have their president ruling over the united states at all cost and they see the electoral votes as  a way to get a foot through the door into making that happen, people assume that since everyone is equal now and that racisim dosent exist and its happening till this day. it will be a much more safer route if the senator would get rid of the electoral college all together.

secondly, getting rid of the electoral college would benefit the entire world because this nation called the united sates is a democracy it is ruled for the people and by the people, when the government descides to go by the electoral college votes thats not ruling by the people because our nation dosent only consists of 538 electors we each have our own voices. we consists of 50 states all together if the government cant conduct electoral colleges in each state then it shouldnt be around in the first, we the people all have different opinions and outlooks on the universe it shouldnt only be counted for about 538 electors it unfair. and god knows where the electoral colleges are held and if they are being completely fair to everyone their are their all ethnicities from all over the nation, is it normal people that have nine to five jobs so they understand the struggles of an average person making 60,000 dollars a year, or are they picking business men and housewives that live in suburben neighborhoods. The nation have been completely blind sided by these things its just a scapegoat on picking the right president in their eyes and not in the peoples eyes.

In conclusion,the electoral college wasnt ever ran by the people or was for the people, our founding fathers had great intentions of making these laws and rules work but in reality it was a way simpler time back then the world has evolved in so many ways with different invetions and iphones,and tablets,and internet some of the constitution laws need to be review and really regulate what needs to be kept and what needs to go. the electoral college was a good idea back in the 18th century but now people have found a loop hole to make things go their way and it isnt fair. it needs to be reconstructed in a way that its unbreakable.:) thankyou for reading    