Generic_Name woke up with a churning feeling in her stomach. She still didn't know whether she should cut off her toxic friend Generic_Name or not. She picked up her phone and read the text from Generic_Name. It read, "Hey ugly. You better not wear that hideous green shirt of yours today. I'm wearing my green dress and I don't want people to think we're matching." Generic_Name sighed and just ignored the text. She decided to text her friend Generic_Name, who is also friends with Generic_Name, and ask her what to do. The text read, "Hey Generic_Name, Generic_Name has been really mean to me recently and I dont know if I should stop talking to her or if I'm just being dramatic. Please help." Generic_Name responded, "Stop being so sensitive! Don't ruin the friend group with your petty drama and just let it go." Generic_Name didn't expect this reaction and she still wasn't sure if she should continue being friends with Generic_Name but she didn't really have another option. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because one person could know more about the situation, someone could have gone through something similar, and you could see how different people react to the problem.

The first reason I think seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is that one person could know more about the situation than others. For example, let's say that Generic_Name decided to ask her friend Generic_Name, who was also friends with Generic_Name, what to do. Generic_Name would probably inform Generic_Name that Generic_Name was talking bad about her behind her back and spreading rumors about her. This new information could help Generic_Name make the right choice about how to deal with the situation. Another example is if you want to buy your best friend a gift for her birthday but you don't know what to get her. You decide to ask your friends to help you pick a present and they don't know what to get her either, so you decide to ask her boyfriend what you should get her and he tells you that she told him that she wanted to take a trip to the spa. Then you would know what to get your friend because you asked someone else who knew more about the situation.

The next reason I think seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is someone you ask could have gone through something similar and know what to do about the situation. Let's say Generic_Name was still unsure about what to do about her toxic friend, she could ask her old friend Generic_Name, who stopped talking to Generic_Name a while ago, what to do. Generic_Name knew that Generic_Name used to playfully make fun of Generic_Name but then one day Generic_Name just left the group. Generic_Name could tell Generic_Name that she went through the same thing and she just couldn't take it anymore and she had to leave that situation. This information could help Generic_Name make a choice because she now knows that Generic_Name has treated her friends like this in the past and that she is not just being sensitive. Another example is if you want to adopt a new pet but you don't know if you should adopt a hamster or a bird, so you decide to ask your friend, who has a bird, if you would be a good bird owner. Your friend could tell you that having a pet bird takes a lot of time and you need to be able to give your birds the proper care and attention that they need. Whereas when you asked your friend who has a hamster if they need a lot of attention she said no because they are nocturnal .You know that you're a very busy person so with the information your friends gave you, you can make an educated decision to not get the bird.

Finally, I think seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you can see different people's reaction's to the situation. For instance, in Generic_Name's situation she asked three of her friends what to do about her toxic friend Generic_Name. Two of her friends told her bad things about Generic_Name and gave Generic_Name more reasons to stop being her friend, whereas only one of her friends told her to keep being Generic_Name's friend. Since more people reacted the same way to the situation, Generic_Name now had a more informed opinion and a better idea of what to do. Another example is if you want to start a business selling jars filled with dirt and you ask your friends if you should. Your friends could give you different reactions to the idea. Four of them could say that it's a terrible business idea and two of them could tell you to go for it. Since more people felt that it was a bad idea you could rethink it and make a better decision in the end.

With Generic_Name's new information and advice from her real friends, she decided it would be best if she cut Generic_Name out of her life. She got out of bed and put on her green shirt and smiled. She thought to herself, "Generic_Name doesn't control my life or what I wear." When she got to school she walked passed Generic_Name in the hallway and didn't even look at her. "Hello!" shouted Generic_Name, "Didn't I tell you not to wear that? You look ugly in it. I was trying to save you from embarrassment." Generic_Name didn't even turn around to respond, she just kept walking as if Generic_Name didn't exist. She was happy that she decided to listen to Generic_Name and Generic_Name's advice and not just listen to the advice from Generic_Name. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because one person could know more about the situation, someone could have gone through something similar, and you could see how different people react to the problem.