I belive the advantages of limitng a car usage. The first reason I say that because we have most of the people who are not driving with the right responsible license. Also we have some who are getting in severe car accidents. With that being said there are pollution in the air. License plates where odd numbers. The avantages of limiting a car you dont have to pay for any car ticket or parking garage fees.

As a result half of the families don't own cars about 50% of them sold there cars. It somehow made them feel a whole lot better. When you have to think about it your car is an example of a baby. You have to feed you car gas. Which why some people perfer cathcing the train. Or even riding the bus or even there bicycles to where they have to be. There always a smarter way to saving gasoline and burning gas.

In Vauban you have there reseidents walking. Even we we people taking the suburbs, as a public transportation with less space for parking as if your where driving your car. They are increasing numbers are pravite car owned by burgeoning middle class cities to help out in another way of transportation. Most of the public transport serving surburbs play a much larger role. Even number license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home for odd- number plates.

Drivers were fine according to Reuters. 27% of peole impounded for their reaction to fine. Beijing,China known as the most polluted cities in the world. Freezing nights caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. The gas was blamed since France ha sa tax policy that has favors diesel engines In my own way there are alot of advantgaes of limiting car. But as of some people its a hard way.

Colombias hiked,biked skated ot took buses to work. During a car-free day yesterday leaving the streets of this capital city eerrily devoid of traffic jams. Recent studies say that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and also getting fewer licenses as each year passes by. In America the number of miles driven dropped steadily. All the diffrent changes and diffrent counties and cites people who stopped car commuting as a result of recession. inconclusion based on the passage information displayed. I believe them are advantages of limiting a car.                    