Dear Principal,

How many times a day do we talk on a phone or cell phone? Cell Phones have become a part of everyday life in the USA, so why does that need to change at school? I believe that at school we should be aloud to use our cell phones during lunch and other free time as long as they are off during class time. My first reason is we can talk to our parents. If you let your parents know your lunch time during the day, they can call or text with information you may need. A second reason is that it does not disturb or harass or learning environment, so why shouldn't it be aloud? Lastly, it is a way to chat with friends at other schools who are also at lunch. In this time period, cell phones are a major way to keep in contact with those who do not live in the same state or town as you.

What do we do if an after school activity is canceled and we don't have a ride home? Are they supposed to walk home and freeze? During lunch we can let our parents know that our after school activity has been canceled and instead of walking home they can pick us up. Also, we can let our parents know what time our lunch is so they can call or text us if they need to let us know our pick up spot has changed or if they might be a little late picking us up from school. Letting us have cell phone during lunch could turn out to be very beneficial for parents and students.

Lunchtime is a time to relax and refresh ourselves for the second part of the day. We talk to friends, eat, and rest from all the information we have gathered in the beginning of the day. Why would a cell phone change that? Cell phones do not make any difference in a lunch time setting. They do not disturb anyone around us, and they do not harass the learning environment. Kids are smart, if you let us have time on our cell phones we wouldn't use them in class and that would lesson the discipline rate for texting during class. Did you know that 1 out of 3 kids that own a cell phone text during school, breaking school policies? If we were allowed to use our cell phones that rate would go down dramatically.

How do we talk to people who live in other towns or go to another school? Most teens will call or text them from a cell phone. If a friend from another school or town is at lunch at the same time as you, it is a good time to text them and have a small chat. A teenagers social life is very important to them. Facebook, Twitter, and cell phones are the number one way we keep in contact with each other. Giving us time during our day to talk to eachother and keep in contact is very important to us. We know that during class is not the time, so if you give us time during lunch to chat we would also be quieter during classes, which would make our teachers happier.

In conclusion, kids need time to talk. Giving us that time during the day could not only help you but it could help us. We could talk to our parents and solve small problems. We could enjoy our free time a little bit more. Finally, we could talk to other friends and just have a good time in general. That is why i think the cell phone policy should change so we can use our cell phones during class and free times.

From,

Eighth Grade Student, STUDENT_NAME