It is said that, over summer break students tend to forget the majority of what they learned during the school year. Once the year begins, their teachers advise them to use the information given from the classes taken prior to assist them. It should be out of the question, that students need to do school work during their 2 month-long summer vacation. The question at hand is, who should be in charge of creating these summer assignments, the teachers or the students? The apparent solution is that the teachers should be assigning these projects because they have credibility in their subject and a knowledge of how students work based off of experience.

Firstly, a teacher has a certain credibility that students do not. The goal of these assignments is to help the students fortify their knowledge over summer so that it is not lost. These teachers go through years of university studying the subject that they teach, so why should a student who has taken the class for one year have authority over summer assignments. For example, AP BC Calculus is an immense subject with a variety of different units of math. If a student tried to make a summer study guide, they would only have a year of experience under their belt. On the other hand, teachers, who have been teaching/studying this subject for years, have a strong understanding of each unit and how to teach it in a unique way. The credibility of the creator of the assignment must be strong, so the student can have an easier time understanding the subject. Thus, teachers should be assigning summer assignments.

Following my previous statement, teachers who have been working with students for years know the best strategies for getting students to absorb the subject. Many students have a hard time grasping a topic. If students decide to ask a colleague before a teacher, they have the chance of getting incorrect information or no help at all. For example, many students in the AP Computer Science course have to figure out problems of which have many different solution. Students who don't want to give away their specific answer will try to help students figure out a secondary solution. Unfortunately, most students will not be able to figure out a second solution, because they don't have enough experience. Once the student asks the teacher for help, the teacher will be able to help the student find a solution because of their expertise. Therefore, teachers can offer a more valuable source of knowledge that will stick with the student.

Although the student designing the assignment knows how other students' brain works, they don't have the experience that teachers have. Students designing assignments don't know exactly how to get through to students who do not know how to do the work. On the other hand, Teachers who have been working with students for years will know how to get a student to grasp the topics. Therefore, teachers designing assignments will know how to mold the assignment into a more enjoyable experience.

In conclusion, the efforts that teachers put into their own education provides strong evidence that teachers should be creating and assigning summer assignments. The years teachers spend in school give them the required credibility that is nessasary for students to trust teachers' judgement. Also, the effort teachers put into their work, to make sure their students are able to understand the topic, comes from their experience as teachers. Use these points to figure out that teacher-designed assignments are more beneficial than student-based assignments.