Technology is always improving. From a simple toaster to a toaster that can make several pieces at once. This facial recognition is a new way of detecting the true emotions of someone. I think the use of this technology is useful to all students, parents, governement workers, and etc.

Facial expression does not have a set of rules you have to follow. For example, when someone is very angry, they might cry instead. In result, the computer might take it as sadness. Most of the time, facial expressions are easy to recognize. In paragraph 2 of "Making Mona Lisa Smile," it says, "Each expression is compared against a neutral face" (D'Alto 2). Everyone has different neutral faces. Most people have a good way of keeping in their emotions, making their face look blank.

When expressing emotions, certain muscles are tied to certain emotions. In paragraph 3 of the article, the author says, "... your frontalis pars lateralis muscle (above your eyes raises your eyebrows when you're surpised; your orbicularis oris (around your mouth) tightens your lips to show anger" (3). Most of the time when you are surprised, you raise your brows. Also, when you are mad, you make a face, and tighten your lips.

When in school, you can use your facial expressions to show how you are feeling. In paragraph 6, the author goes on to explain that, "'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Huange predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." Several teens do not speak up when they do not understand something that was taught during class because they do not want to be embarrassed. So if you are at home, on a computer, you will not have to speak up you can just act the same, and the computer will change it to help you understand more efficiantly.

In conclusion, facial recognition is a great way to get students on the right track in school. It can help the teachers decide if their teacher techniques are effective or not. Also, facial recognition can help people understand how others are feeling in certain pictures. If someone throws on a fake smile for a photo, the computer will recognize that. Many different emotions, have different ways it can be shown. The computers detect multiple emotions including: happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness (3). 