Our principle has recently stated to all the students of SCHOOL_NAME that all students have to participate in one extracurricular activity. Some students agree with this new idea and some do not. I agree with our principle that it should be mandatory to take at least one extracurricular activity. There are many activities to chose from but in my opinion, the best activities are doing the school musical, participating in a sport, and helping teachers during your spare time. Here is my reasoning.

Musical is a great extracurricular activity for students to participate in. Participating in musical gives students a chance to make friends and to get to know others. When I first moved here I did not have many friends or kids to hang out with but when I joined musical I began to meet so many people and they are considered to be my friends.

Musical allows students to get to know others and to make friends. During your time in musical you have to memorize so many things like songs, lines, and dances. When you memorize these things it allows me to memorize things in school much better. I can memorize how to perform a math equation as well as learning a song. Musical allows students to memorize things better in school just like in musical. Finally musical also gives you a great sense of confidence. When you perform a scene in front of a audience you need confidence and when practice the scene enough you get confident about it and you perform it perfectly. You can use that kind of confidence when you are taking a test/quiz cause if you studied it enough you get the confidence to do well on it. Musical can teach you how confidence works and how to gain it. Musical is a great extracurricular activity.

Another great extracurricular activity are sports! One of the main perks of playing sports is that they keep you in shape and keep you physically active. In our world today we see teens with there heads down looking at there phones but when you are playing a sport you become way more physically active. Sports allow students to be more proactive. Along with the fact of being physically active sports also allow students to think quick on there feet. When you play sports your has to think quickly which allows the brain to think faster. When I play baseball I have to think of the play quickly because if I do not think about it what will I do if the ball comes to me. So when you play sports your mind begins to think quicker which can be very helpful in school. If you need to think of a homework plan or if you need to think on if you have quizzes or tests that week use your quick thinking. Finally sports can also teach you on how to be a great leader. When you are playing a game of baseball and you are the captain and you are leading the team; you learn on what is the best play or who should go where. So sports allow you to learn how to be a good leader and with all this reasoning sports are another good extracurricular activity.

Finally another good extracurricular activity is being a TA(teachers assistant). Being a TA allows students to assist others in need. When I was a TA for Spanish I got help kids who were struggling on a worksheet or who did not word meant. Being a TA allows students to assist others who need help. Along with helping others you also get to learn what being a teacher is like and what the perks of it are. When I was a TA I learned how my teacher taught the class and what she did with students who were not doing what they were suppost to. Being a TA allows students to learn what being a teacher is like. Finally when being a TA you get to meet more students and get to know what they are like. When I walked into the class I would be helping in, I saw so many kids and got to meet so many of them and they all were cool. Being a TA is good for meeting others and it is a good extracurricular activity.

I stated in the beginning that I agree with our principle that all students should participate in a extracurricular activity. I said that due to the fact that extracurricular activitys are fun and there are many benefits. My top three activities were musical, sports, and being a TA(teachers assitant). I say that every single student in SCHOOL_NAME should do an extracurricular activity.          