Imagine sitting on your fluffy, brown couch, thinking of what you could do if you signed up for the drama club, band, or even strings. You look at all your friends posts about how fun yearbook club was when you weren't even there. How would you feel? After school activities can do a lot for you. I've always enjoyed them even though it's extra hours at school. In my opinion, you should choose at least one extracurricular activity to do after school. After school activities will prevent laziness, bring happiness into going to school, and it may even help you become more social.

After school activities prevent laziness from students. When you actually have something to do after school, you are out running about, having fun, and you aren't even thinking about sitting on your phone, eating all the chocolate covered pretzels in the world. Knowing myself, all I want to do when I get home is eat, and of course, sleep. Being lazy leads to weight gain. Many students my age care about how they look to others. You have to be "skinny" to "fit in" or "thick" for boys to like you. It's always good to stay in shape and after school activities may help you with that. Doing what you love makes you more energized. Most clubs have fundraisers you can volunteer for and contribute too. You can stay up at night planning about it, making up cool ideas that'll keep you awake. Overall, no student should just sit at home, doing nothing but eating, if they have a choice to join a club.

All students wish they were happy going to school. Hanging out with friends for an extra amount of time is always the best part about after school clubs. When you might not have classes with a certain friend, it is always a good thing to see them if you have an after school activity with them. The friendship won't fade if you still get to talk to them for even just an hour a day. Sharing what you do after school makes you feel like you are apart of something. I always like sharing my stories about my track meets, practices, and pretty much everything. It's exciting to share stories to your friends instead of saying, "oh, I don't do anything after school." You should be happy about seeing the process you made for the school environment. If you end up in the gardening club or even a Junior Honors Society type club, you help make the front of your schools plants look pretty. People will most likely compliment you daily about how it looks and it'll make you very happy. Don't you want people complimenting your work? Lastly, not being in clubs wont make you happy going to school because you have nothing to look forward too. You could've chose between 100 or more clubs to join, but you didn't so you regret it.

Being social helps with the experience of a club. You can't enjoy clubs if you don't talk to anyone. Clubs are meant to be fun and meant for everyone to have a good time. If you don't talk to people and socialize even a little bit, they aren't going to speak to you first. I see why some students will disagree with my opinion on extracurricular activities because some people do have things going on in their life. I understand that some people are really shy, but its always good to step out of your comfort zone. Overall though, it is hard to talk to people when you aren't the type of person too. Being social teaches you great life skills for the future. You can't avoid not talking to people the rest of your life because you have to eventually get somewhere financially or even physically. Last but not least, I think social skills are the most important things you have to learn if you want to do an after school club, because you cannot enjoy it if you don't talk to anyone.

In conclusion, I agree with the principle on the students choosing at least one extracurricular, after school activity. It'll prevent laziness upon students, bring a happier environment for those going to school, and it'll help with social skills for shy students. No child or student at school wants to be body shamed or bullied for being overweight, too shy, or depressed. So, Generic_Name, in my opinion, I think it's a great idea for the students to have one extracurricular activity.