A frantic middle schooler had just received a load of homework from all of her teachers. Packets upon worksheets upon study guides that all needed to be done tonight. If she had to stay after school there would be no time for chores that needed to be done and the homework. Children and parents have the right to choose if they would want to do after school. Not all parents and students would agree with having after school mandatory. Is having a madatory after school really benificial.

Students should be able to choose if they want to do after school. Some students have a lot of homework already that the teachers give out, so most students are spending a sunny day inside doing homework after a long day at school and a long after school activity. Many students have stress and are overwhelmed by having too much homework and after school right after that. Most students have enough work that had to be done during school. Why push it so they have to stay longer and do more work than they should. Adding after school to the schedule will make more busy parents frustrated because they are the ones who have to pick up their child. The after school schedules does not meet up with the parents schedule and it make everything chaotic and difficult. Students and Parents have a routine that they do everyday but, if you add a mandatory after school it messes up the routine.

Maybe its not just the students and the parents who are frustrated because most of teachers will be too. Teachers had a long day of having to put up with back talk and misbehaving kids at school. They just want to go home and relax with their family. Teachers also have duties at home just like kids, but they have to grade students work and enter it into a online system. If teachers have to put after school into their schedule many teachers would be really tired and exhausted from working before school until after school. Teacher have a life outside of school just like the kids that attend school do so, it really should be their choice if they want to do after school or not. Not just teachers but faculty and staff will have to do double the work and double the cleaning from after school. Students are not the only one that need a break.

After school can affect the community in different ways. One way is by have a lot of cars and buses on the road while other people are trying to go home from work. The road will be filled with cars and buses clogging up the streets. Another way is that children and teens might have sports they have to be at. If you add after school they would not make it in time. Siblings have to go places too and they need their parents to drive them places but the parent is stuck picking up their child from after school. Schools should be worried if they have all of the children doing different thing, some outside, some in classrooms, some behind the school. It can be hard to keep track of them all.

Basically, the child should have a choice weather or not they want do after school or not. Parent would want after school to fit into their routine, their schedule not the schools. Not just that it fits into schedule but some parents and children do not like what the school has to offer. After school is a choice because students, teachers, parents, and the community need the choice if they want after school or not. One way to help everyone is by giving everyone a choice and condensing after school into a small thing. 