Are driverless cars really coming? I don't think so. Driverless cars stiil need a driver, they might not even start, or work properly, and the driverless cars will surely bring the number of deaths due to a car accident up. Who wants one now? I don't want to be around one nor do I want anyone to drive these "driverless" cars.

The driverless cars, aren't even close to driving themselves, they still need to have the driver's attention. Driverless cars, should be as the title states, cars that are driverless. These cars, will give you warnings when it is going to need you to take control again. The author states, "In fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when theroad ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." If these cars were really driverless, they wouldn't need a driver to help them navigate. Are these cars really driverless? No.

Are these cars going to run on gas or electricity? Either way, these cars not start. A car stalls all the time, but those cars we handle, but what about cars that are driverless? Would we know how to fix it or would we have to spend hundreds to get it fixed? These cars will cost hundreds to get fixed over and over again. Who wants to do that? I wouldn't mind having to charge it but then my electricity bill will be over the top expensive.

Would our kids be safe to be in the cars? What happens if our kids are playing and the car starts and the kid gets hurt or even dies? Would it be your fault or the car producers? It woul be everyone's. Ours, for not protecting our kids well enough and the car producers because they didn't think of the children. The number of deaths per year of children due to car accidents are already high, add in a car that might start by itself and run by itself, will increase the number greatly. I wouldn't want my kids near it. Neither should you.

Knowing these facts, do you still want one? Do you want a car that was supposed to be driverless, but you would still need to drive it, or a car that might not even work, or even a car that could possibly kill your kid? I don't. These cars are dangerous, no matter how safe they say it should be. My position on the driverless cars will always be no. 