As the world has recently entered the era of technology, the possibilities that comes along with it seem to be boundless. Instantly having the ability to talk to someone halfway across the world and having access to so much knowledge at the click of a button are just a few of these possibilites. A new development in the area of education is online learning, where a student does not go to school and instead learns from the comfort of their own home. Although it sounds nice in theory, online learning for all students is not feasible nor is it realistic. Distance learning, also known as online school, would not benefit students due to the fact many kids might get distracted and procrastinate, some students may feel that they can never get a break since they always have access to the internet, and students will miss out on many experiences and activities that come along with going to a physical school.

While the internet can be used in very useful and academic ways, there are also a plethora of ways to get sidetracked. Things like social media platforms and Netflix will always be there taunting the student, requiring a substantial amount of willpower to not give into these deep dark holes of mindless entertainment. If it is already hard enough for students to focus in classrooms with a physical adult present giving instructions, just think how much harder it will be to focus without any of these accomodations (plus the addition of having the freedom to wear pajamas and move at their own pace). Not only will they have other platforms distracting them, but they will also have to make sure they are staying on track and not pushing things off to the last minute. Students, especially high schoolers, have a tendency to procrastinate and wait until the night before to complete assignments, so what happens when a child decides to push all of their online classwork off to the last minute? This is not a practice that is condusive to their future and cannot possibly be maintained healthily, thus showing that distance learning is not realistic.

Mental health has been a common topic over the past few years and the conversation around it is thankfully becoming more normalized. School is a huge facor that goes into mental health, and many students do not know when to stop overloading themselves with classes. They can get so caught up in doing well that it can destroy their mental, as well as physcial, health. While a student cannot be in a physical building all the time, they have access to the internet at all hours of the day, putting unneeded stress on some students. Due to the ability to be constantly working, this may make students feel like they can never truly get away from school. Even if a student travels or is on vacation, they could still be doing work. Students deserve breaks and the right to enjoy growing up, not having the shadow of a test or classwork loom over them twenty four-seven. This feeling can negatively impact a child's mental health, providing that distance learning would not beneficially impact students.

Lastly, distance learning makes students miss out on so many activities that come with going to a physical school. School spirit and pep rallies, sports, and questionable cafeteria food are just a handful of these experiences. The American middle school and high school experience has been romanticized in countless movies and TV shows, and many do not wish to miss out on that. Even if good or bad experiences occur in a physical school, most adults look fondly upon their high school years as a learning experience and a time to have fun. Real friends and relationships blossom from having physcial interactions with each other, not sitting behind a screen. Distance learning can cause a student who is not a social butterfly to stay in isolation at their house, thus creating a breeding ground for mental illness. Going to a school in the presence of physical people is much simpler and benefits a child much more in regards to social interactions and access to activities. Online learning will cause students to miss out on great experiences; therefore, distance learning is not beneficial for students.

All in all, online learning is just not realistic. It's great in theory, having the ability to work at your own pace and work from home, but some would not do well with this change or would abuse the system. Procrastination is a word that teenagers are familiar with, and online learning creates an enviroment where it is too easy to push work back until the last minute. While students can push work back, they also have the constant ability to access their classes, putting excessive stress on a student and destroying their mental health. In addition, students will not be able to have the traditional American school experience they learn online. Even though we are moving into a new age where technology is heavily emphasized, sometimes it is best to stick with the traditional way. 