Dear Mr. Senator,

I have decided to express my opinon to you about the Electoral College process for electing the President of the United States. This process should be abolished as soon as possible for it is corrosive to the American peoples opinon. We should instead switch to a popular vote by eligble American citizens to decide presidency.

Now some fellows might argue that the Electoral College is favored by the people. When in fact, as Bradford Plumer points out in paragraph 9, "60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now". Some people may also say that the Electoral college ecourages the president to visit all states, when in fact smaller states still are not treated the same as states with more electoral votes. A president would rather spend their time investing and giving information to a state such as Californa who have 55 electoral votes, who feel more inclined to think about their decision due to their involvement, rather than a state with 3 electoral votes who dont invest as much thought into their votes.

In grade school we are taught that popualer votes most accurately represent what a specific population wants, why dont we use it in the real world? If your princible wanted to figure out what color the students wanted their yearbooks, she would not elect people to decide for each class! In the Bush and Gore election, Bush recived less votes by the American people but won presidency because he accuired more Electoral votes than Gore. That means that more American people wanted Gore, but the fate was chosen by 271 people, who selected Bush as the winner!

The Electoral College also increases the risk of a tie and if one occured, the election would be disrupted by the unorderly process of which we would have to take to decide the president. In 1968, a change of votes from just 41,971 people would have tied the electoral votes due to the even number of 538 Electors.

The overall idea im trying to express is that the Electoral College is a poor way to show peoples opinon, and much rather focuses on that of 270 individuals who in the end, decide the President of the United States. I hope you can see my points and I long for the day when the president is decided by the people.    