''Hey, should I wear this or this tomorrow?'' I'm sure we've all had a friend ask us our opinion's on something, like what to wear on the first day of school, but ever wonder why they go and ask others on their perspective as well? The majority of people tend to ask more than one person about their thoughts on something because They want to know what the most common response is and they want to see other people's perspectives besides their own while keeping an opened mind.

First, the reasons why a person wishes to seek the most common response. Someone such as a friend will usually ask more than one of his/her piers on their thoughts or opinions on something and will go on asking more people the same question. After, he/she will take all the responses they have received and will most likely go with what the majority of what their piers said. People tend to do this because they want to have an open mind about what a group of people think rather than just one person. Next, why seeking multiple opinions can lead to a better choice. By asking multiple friends, piers, and even family members their thoughts on something that may or may not be important, it could help save someone from making a bad choice in the future. To conclude everything that was previously stated, Asking for multiple opinions is a great way to double check if someone is making the right choice because they will have stopped them from making a choice that they could have regretted ten years from then.

Second, why its good to see other people's perspective besides your own.

I know when I need someone's opinion I dont just ask one person I ask all my friends and even some of my family member's before I make a decision, and I also ask why they went with that choice to have a better understanding as to what helped them conclude to their response. By looking through someone else's perspective it could lead to a more open mind and can give a person more room to understand what other people think and why they think it . Next, why its special having an open mind. Having an open mind is when someone is able to take other people's opinions and instead of judging it they try to understand it. I believe people who ask for multiple opinions are very open minded and are willing to listen to other people's perspective besides their own. In conclusion, it is always important to keep an open mind when asking other people for their opinions or advice.

To conclude this entire essay, When someone is asking for advice or opinions about something they are just trying to keep an open mind are trying to make the right decision that they wont regret later in their life. So next time someone asks for an opinion don't get jealous when they walk away to ask another person the same question, remember that they are just trying to keep an open mind and they want to hear what others have to say too. 