Dear Principal,

I think that you should give us community service because we don't want to live in a dirty community. We also don't want viruses. If we keep this community clean then maybe a lot of people won't be sick and live longer. We should also have more tutors because we want the kids to have a better life and not be poor in the streets. Some people don't have they right mind to learn and they need a little help and we could do that. We could also help tutor special ed kids it might be frustrating but i bet we could still do it.

I think that everybody should clean up the environment. The environment helps us by giving us air to breathe i think it's time to give back to the earth. Yes, it might take too much time away but we are doing it for a good reason and it is to live in a healthier, better community. They could do all they want during the weekends but it is better to help now while we can than to later on when we can't do anything about it. Also people that have asthma would help clean up the community because they don't want to get another asthma attack because people are polluting the air. If some people don't want to do community service that's fine because sooner or later they will regret it. We want people that have some kind of sickness to go outside and enjoy themselves. Most people that are sick or have heart conditions have to stay inside their home because it's too dangerous for them to go outside because we don't help keep the community clean and they might get an infection. When we go to school we should clean up after ourselves. Since people don't do that i think that they should do community service. I know everybody could do something even though if it's little it can still help out the community. I think we should let the kids decide and ask them if they want to do community service or not. Just incase more people choose to not do community service I think that the people who do want to do community service should still have a chance to help out. Someday someone might thank them for helping out. I think people who are sick would really appreciate what we are trying to do for them. Also pets could catch diseases that are in the air. When we leave food behind it creates maggots and maggots find a way to get into your house and when you at least expect it somehow they will end up in your body and start eating your flesh that's why we have to pick up after ourselves. Also when we go to school some people leave the food on the tables and it creates flies and mouse's and we don't want to a cafeteria that has animals that are infected with rabies or some other diseases. And I think that's why we should have community service.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME