The Face that appeared on Mars was something that all of us would never forget. We didn't know how it appeared or why it appeared, but we were going to figure it out. Some scientist including me think it was just a natural landform. Other scientist think it was created by aliens,but I highly doubt it was.

I'm here working with one of the other scientist, and we're talking about the Face that appeared on Mars. The scientist thinks that the face was madeby aliens but I think it wasn't that it's just a natural landform.

It was a natural landform because the caption that we put for people to see was " huge rock formation..... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." The face was just a rock formation that gave the illusion of the eyes, nose, and mouth becuse it was just a shadow that we were seeing.

However the scientist doesn't think that. He thinks that the face was made by aliens. He says that there is no way it was just a natural landform that aliens made this as a sign for something.

He believes that it was a sign for something that the aliens were going to end up doing. But I told him that it was a natural landform because when we waited to get the best picture in 1998 all we saw was a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all.

But of course not everyone was satisfied.

It was a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet. The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face. Perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze.

I think even though some people still may think it was made by aliens, we all know that it is just a natural landform and it wasn't made by aliens.

I after all did convince the scientist that I was working with, that the Face was just a natural landform and it wasn't made by aliens . But all we have to do now is to convince everyone else that it was just a natural landform. I believe that the Face is just a landform because of so many reasons. So what do you think?

Do you think it was just a natural landform or it was made by aliens? 