The challenge of Exploring Venus

As the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, I agree with him. In the article "The challenge of Exploring Venus" explains many things from talking about Venus all the way to what it exactly is. I agree with the author because Venus is reffered to Earth's "twin" and that's one exmaple for why it's important for us to know and learn. Another example in the article, talks about how it's worth the danger it presents. In the article it says "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus" this is explaing what it causes and how it's worth for us to know about, despite the danger it presents.

In paragraph 2 of this article, it's explaining to us readers that Venus is often reffered to as Earth's "twin." We need to know whats by our planet and if its harmful to be near or not. Venus is the closet plant to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closet in distance as well. As well as Venus being close to Earth, there's also mars which these two are our planetary neighbors, whom orbit the the sun at different speeds. Since we have Venus being around the corner at times, humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud-drapped world not knowing anything about this planet. We have sent numerous people to explore this planet not knowing the dangers it presents, all though its worth knowing.

With being said, a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Think of all that carbon dioxide we're inhailing just to be on that planet. We're going through all that because Venus is a worthy pursuit. Not only that but the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. That right there is why more than what we, humans, are used to.

Now you're probably thinking since our twin planet is so inhospitable, then why are sicentist even discussing futher vists to its surface? The reason behind is because astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our Solar system. Even of the dangers it can pursit. Long ago, Venus was more than likely covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like our Earth. Even today venus still has some features. The value of returing to Venus seems indisputable, but think about this, what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive?

Overall studying Venus is such a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it can occur to us. As I have shown some examples how its worthy but yet a worth pursuit, I think its an important planet to know about. It's important because it referred to our "twin" planet, it's has so much carbon dixoide and a high fahrenheit, and lastly it still has features today that can be providing for different forms of life that we don't know about. Venus is an important planet to all and it needs to be known.