Everyday students wake up and go to school only for them to feel dragged down and stressed out about everything school entails. Online school counteracts this stereotypical version of school by allowing kids to do more. Students will benefit from being able to attend school online because they will be able to create a more personalized education, allow for more free time to explore things outside of the academic world, and the change in environment will lead to a better mental health for these students.

One of the biggest benefits of online school is that it lets students work at their own pace rather than having them stay on pace with everyone else. This allows for the kids to get a personalized education that fits best with how they learn. If one kid needs more practice, they are able to practice while another kid may be ready to move onto the next. This way the one that is moving on isn't being held back by the kid who might want a little more time on a unit or topic. Students create their own education plan which is also good for the teacher because sometimes it may not be easy, in a classroom setting, to spot when a kid needs a little more attention and work on a topic because they have to move as a group to finish all the units before a final or AP exam. Personalized education through online classes would allow for kids to finish everything before these exams but still learn the way they see best fit.

Because students are able to work at their own pace, they also are given more free time than in school education accounts for. This free time is also beneficial to students as it is an opportunity for them to explore career choices and other things that interest them. Free time gives these students a chance to be involved in the community more through different things such as volunteering, having a job, working for an internship, and so much more. For example, one online student I know likes to volunteer at the animal shelter when she can because she wants to become a veterinarian. Her free time allows for her to learn more information and develop the skills for what she wants in the future. It sets kids up for success rather than failure by allowing them to find interests in high school rather than switching subjects every year in college. This free time lets them create a more lasting impact on their community while also finding out more about the real world and what it hold for students when they graduate.

Finally, one of the most important parts of online learning, students are able to build better mental health with the change in environment. Mental health is one of the biggest issues for teenagers in today's society. Many students feel trapped in school where they have nowhere to go and malice is inevitable. Students feel stressed, anxious, and depressed from traditional school which leads to their mental health deteriorating. But through online school, students will have a more open environment where they choose who is in and out of their life, so they are no longer forced to be around the people that hurt their mental health. It will decrease in mental health issues but it also allows for more time to be spent with the people they love and care about, which in turn builds their mental health up. Schools force kids to be with one another even if the none of them want to be there. Online school solves this by letting kids have more freedom with the social aspect of their life and do what they feel is best for their mental health.

In conclusion, students will greatly benefit from online school because it will let them make more out of their life than sitting in a building for 7 hours a day. Students can create an education plan that fits them better, explore what they world has to offer, and build better mental health while they do online school. Now the question is, will society progress for all students to attend online school or will they be stuck in their ways of conventional schooling?