The use of technology improves people's daily lives, especially in school. With all the technology that we now have available, it is easier than ever to learn things, and with newer technology coming out it is only becoming easier. The use of the Facial Action Coding System to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it helps educators, allows students to learn better, and keeps students engaged.

This technology could be very valuable and helpful for educators. Educators have a very important job. They are building the future for society, which can be very hard. Teachers have to deal with many students, and every student is different. With the use of the Facial Action Coding System, teachers don't have to worry about a teaching method that will not work with all students. In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto it says that the system recognizes if a student is confused, and alters the lesson to better fit the student. This allows educators to not worry about finding a teaching method that suites every student. This technology also helps out educators, because it works one on one with students. It's made to help every student individually by reading the student's facial expressions. As student's learning patterns may change, the system changes with the student. The use of this technology will also be helpful for teachers because educators can take a look and see what teaching methods work the best with students overall. In the article it says the system can detect when students are confused and bored, so educators can use this technology to see what doesn't make students feel confused nor bored. This technology could be very valuable and helpful for educators.

The Facial Action Coding system is valuable because it allows students to remain engaged. In the article,"Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto, it describes how the system can regognize how a student is feeling. The lesson changes depending on how the system reads the student's reaction. The system can read when a student is bored and change up the lesson. This is essential because it allows students to be more engaged in learning, since it will no longer be as boring as it was for them. The system may also help students to remain engaged in learning because nobody would be learning something the same exact way. In the article it says that lessons are modified to fit every student using facial recognition, so students would be learning in a way that suites them personally. This technology also keeps students more engaged because they would feel happier, because the system tries to keep students engaged and happy. In the article it says that the system can ready when people are unhappy, so the system would try to prevent students from feeling that way about learning. The system could really help students be more excited about learning.

Using the Facial Action Coding System to read the emtional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it allows students to learn better. In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto it says that the system could "modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor". All students would be able to get helped individually, one on one with the system. The system also allows students to learn better because everyone learns things differently, and the system would be able to adjust for every student's learning style. In the article it says that the system can detect if a student is confused, so the system would be very valuable in classrooms because it would make sure that students are not confused. The system would make sure that students are actuallly comprehending the material.

The Facial Action Coding system could be very valuable in classrooms. It has many benefits to both students and educators. It would allow students to remain engaged, learn better, and it would also help educators, A system like this could really allow all students to reach their full potential.