Many schools made the smart decision of requiring a summer project to make sure that their students are learning over a long break, as students who do not exercise their brain over the summer are known to have less knowledge when returning from the break. If schools started giving out the option of students being able to design these projects instead of the teachers, the beneficial aspects of the summer project would start to dissipate. This is because most students will not push themselves to learn, teachers know how much work a student can handle, and teachers know what the student is supposed to learn to prepare for the coming year. Thus, teachers should design the summer projects instead of students, as they know what the student would benefit from.

Summer is known to be a time to have fun, relax, and be stress-free. Most television shows, movies, books, or any forms of media about summer do not talk about the importance of learning over the long break. As students in this generation are heavily influenced by the media, they do not think about school over the summer and believe that it is just a time to relax. If the task of designing a project is given to a student of this mindset, which is mostly every student these days, they will design a project that does not require much effort to complete. Their project will not challenge them in any way, and will consequently not exercise their brain properly. Thus, students should not be given the option to design their own summer project, as they will not learn as much as they should.

For twelfth grade and below, states give teachers a list of learning targets, based on their grade and subject(s), that they must cover over the course of the school year. The teachers are already familiar with those targets as they have spent years learning them. That is how teachers understand their subject and it is their job to help their students understand it over the course of the school year, which is why students are not excpected to teach themselves the learning targets for their coming classes over summer break. Thus, when teachers make the projects, they know how much of the syllabus and how many things from the last school year to incorporate. After completing the project designed by teachers, students will have the right amount of background knowledgeneeded to feel prepared for thecoming year. In conclusion, teachers should create the summer project as they know what to teach to the students in order to prepare them for the next school year.

A teacher's job is to teach a syllabus to their students over a given period of time. In order to do this, teachers must have a understanding in how much work to give to a student so that they would understand the concept and not feel overwhelmed doing so. In most cases, teachers have years of experience that help them understand the capabilities of student. In the other cases, the new teachers had to earn their college degree by knowing how much work a student can and should handle. Either way, teachers truly understand how much work to give to their students so that they can benefit from it. Thus, teachers should design the summer projects as they know how much work a student can handle

In conclusion, summer projects should be designed by teachers and not students. While some say that students should design the projects as they know what they can handle, teachers have a degree in knowing what a student can handle. Also, teachers know what to teach to the students to prepare them for the coming year, and most students will not push themselves hard enough while making the project. Thus, teachers should design the summer projects as they truly know what the student would benefit from.