"Unmasking the face on Mars"

"Big News" NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft has found something while circling

Mars. But what is it, they have seem to have found a face formed into the rocks. Is this new discovery actually a face or is it just another rock formation.

The believers and the non-believers of the face on Mars are waiting anxiously to find out what it is. Is it a rock formation or is it an actual human face, no one knows. The (MOC) has finally released the newest picture which is 10 times sharper than any picture the Viking spacecraft could have taken, and the JPL web seach has revealed tht the face on Mars is actually just another rock formation.

Even though NASA has put the picture out there that proves that the face on Mars is not acually a face but just another land formation, there are still some skeptics out there that think taht the theory is true. Skeptics have said that perhaps since on the day the picture was taken was a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet that the alien marking were hidden by the haze. NASA had come to Mars to take a picture of the face at the wrong time and if they were to come another day they might have been able to see that it was an actual face and not just some rock formation.

Around the American West there are common landforms know as butte or mesa and they are actually equivalent to the Martian. Could the butte or mesa landforms be know on other planets besides ours? We are able to get the right size because " as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size" so be comparing the actual size of the butte or mesa to right about the size of the Martian when we do the math. The land formation on earth reminds people most of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho " thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars".

In conclusion the Face on Mars is just another regular plain old natural landform. " So if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even a shack."    