Dear Senator,

I would like to argue that we should change to doing the election by popular votes not by the Electoral College. It is unfair to but the pressure of picking the right candidate on the Electoral College. We should just let it be by popular votes because it wold not be that hard to find out which states had the most popular candidate. It would be harder to let the Electoral College pick the candidates.

For starters some people might want to know what to Electoral College is and they might want to send you a letter about it and what would you say? Something along the lines like they are the ones who pick the votes for the candidates? This is what I got out of

Source 1: What Is the Electoral College?

" The Electoral College is a process, not a place." Some people might not understand that. It also states that it consists of selections of all the electors, it is also a meeting place for the electors to vote for the President and the Vice President, and it also used for counting of the electoral votes made by the Congress. At the Electoral College also consists of 538 electors and the majority of 270 electoral votes are required to elect the President. Every candidate that is running for President in your state has their own group of electors. They are usally generally chosen the candidaate's party.

In

Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best- laid defenses of the system are wrong.

They want to abolish the College becaus eit is unfair to the people that want to vote for their own candidate's and not have some college do it for them. In that source it states this "They're not alone; according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore- thanks to the quirks of the Electoral College..." This is what is wrong with the College "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president."

Yes, I know that there are people that think that it is ok for the Electoral College to do all the voting. To me I like it if you all would let it be the popular vote not by some college. Yes, I know that sometime it might do easier to use the college and that is ok, but I would like it if it was all about the popular votes.

To end my letter I just wish that you all in the office to thank about what I just said. Also I like to argue that you should abolish the Electoral College. I just wish you all will think about everything i just said and typed to you all.

Yours Truely,

PROPER_NAME           