FACS or Facial Action Coding System is a new technology that enables computers to identify human emotions so when they used it on the Mona Lisa it said that she was eighty three percent happy, nine percent disgusted, six percent fearfu, and two percent angy, in which I dont think is true. What I think about FACS is that we dont need it and that what is the point of using it when we can just figure it out our selfs. So for that I think that FACS is not needed and that it should have been invented for something else.

There are many resaons so why I think that FACS should have not been invented to figure out the emotions of pictures or humans. One reason is that they have to begin by making a 3-D model of the face in order to figure out the emotions which I think is a waste of time and the use of the 3-D printer and because all fourty four major mucles in the 3-D printed model must move like human mucles. Also it says in the first paragraph that when they found the emotions of the Mona Lisa that they say " at least according to some new computer software" which means that theya re not one hundred percent sure.

My second reasons is Dr. Paul Eckman has classified six basic emotions which are happiness, surprise. anger, disgust, fear, and sadness, but then Dr. Huang has said that the facial expressions for each emotion are universal which make the whole thing confusing because Dr. Eckman said six and Dr. Huang said that their are many more in those six which makes it more complex because they have to had figure out those other ones.

Another reason that I think that we can just uses our brain and eyes for find out there emotion or just tell them which is better that using a computer to figure that out. In the artical its says " Perhaps Dr. Huangs's emotion algorithms are different sort of " Da Vinci Code" which mean that they probable have not figured it out yet which can lead to having wrong answers.

In conclusion I think that FACS is a thing that we do not need because you have to go through many steps which can be a waste of time and also that they may have not completed to figure out all expressions which can be tough and because we have the ability to figure emotion out our self and not in need of a computer to help us. That is why I think that we can just use us and no computer because we have the ability to do what we can do.       