The electoral college,they decide what we vote on based on what they think our state would choose for president. To me the country has it all wrong, I think we as US citizens should let our votes decide on who should be president. Even though things may get done quicker I think everyones voice should be heard. People like Bob Dole Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon have tried to get rid of the electoral college. Plus the electoral college cost Al Gore his presidency would've also liked to have their voices heard in the 2000 election. and im pretty sure people would agree with me the 60% of the population of voters would like their voice to be heard.

The electoral college has a weird way of how they run and choose. Like the example in "whats wrong with the electoral college" it saiys that "if someone lived in Texas and they wanted to vote for John Kerry you'd vote for a slate of 34 democratic electors pledged to John Kerry and then John Kerry would have 34 electoral votes."  If it were based on popular vote the points would be split to the person based on the number of votes they got.

Even though other situations like in 2012 when obama won the election he recived a 61% of the electoral college's votes while the popular votes he recived was 51% a 10% difference, even though he still would've won it would've been more fair to let the popular votes decide. Some say its best to have a bias voter choose because they wont choose someone based on what everyone else's opinion is, like how the south favored romney over obama but to me that could be bad beacause what if who we choose actually has good ideas the college wouldve just go for the other guy.

The "winner-take-all" method happens in swing states like Florida,us and other states have a big part on who we choose to run our country we usually pay attention to all the debates and campaings because we think our leader should know what he's doing swing states and big states are places a presidential campaign would take place the like to ensure they get their votes where it counts to guarentee a lead. the electoral college doesnt go to good for people who dont agree to their sides view like "republicans in California or democrats in Texas" their voices arent heard the popular votes might've gotten some points to save their canidate.

in conclusion the electoral college is blocking the right to vote for who we want and have their voices heard even if that person were a republican in California. the popular vote should have some say on who will run the country.        