No! The natural landform was not made by any kind of alien in Mars. It is just a landform that appended to look like a human face. And if im saying if it was made by aliens there is nothing that proves it to be made by aliens. Heck there isnt any at proves or gives an idea that aliens actually exist. But there is a lot of evidence that proves that the face was made naturally and is just a landform that happened to look like one. A few of them are we sent "Mars Global Suveyor" and it showed no sign of alien monument, there was a good picture taken of the area of the landform, and lastly if there was any signs of aliens or their artifacts we would want to know and explore it like you would. i will list and prove in the following paragraphs why it is just a landform.

First, when we sent the

" Mars Global Surveyor" it arrived in eghteen years in September 1997. When the Surveyor was flyiing over Mars it found the face and as soon at it was clear we took pictures of it. On April 1998 the Surveyor flew over and took a nice shot at the face. This shot was ten times better the the first shot taken.

secont, Thanks to the picture taken by the surveyor we could now look for small details by the face. For each pixel in the 2001 the image spans "1.56 meters that compared to 43 meters per pixel." in the picture you can look three times closer thanks to pixels. That means that if take a picture like that you should be ablie to see big objects for example airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small homes or shacks.

You might say that we NASA are trying to keep things secret from all of you in the publice and that we just want to keep the discovery of aliens to our selfs. But the truth is we don't we want you to know everything we know and we want to find any sign of alien life like artifacts and shacks and technology, but the fact is that the face in Mars has no prove theres nothing by the face that proves that any type of life built it. there was no left over material or any tools left the simple fact is that the face was made naturally and it is a landform like the ones we have on earth. Just this landform happened to look like us like a human.

In conlusion the face on

Mars will and should be considered a landfom. If it was made by aliens we would have found out thanks to all these studys but all of the studys we have made have proven there to be no life on the planet Mars. But I want to challenge you to conduct you own studys think of new ways and send them to us if this is what it takes to prove that there are or arent aliens on the planet Mars then lets work together and prove one or the other about the Face that could be a land form or could be a artifact.          