The world today contains numerous conspiracy theories. One of these conspiracies is about the mysterious face on Mars. Some conspiracy theorists state that the face on Mars is actually a result of Alien life. However NASA has provided evidence that proves the face on Mars is actually just a natural landform. Through advancements in digital imagery, an understanding of shadows, and an understanding that there is no alien life evidence, it can be concluded that the face on mars is just a myth.

Today, we humans have the access to cameras with spectacular resolution. When the face on Mars was originally captured, there was no such thing. The article explains that when the picture was originally captured in 1976, the camera quality was not great. For example the text states, "Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." So, when given a better camera quality than in 1976, the face on mars no longer looks like a defined face. Although the quality of the camera is a great support, there are many other explanations that put an end to conspiracy theorists.

Some of the biggest tricks played are constructed by the eyes. When the first image of the face on Mars was revealed, the features such as the eyes and nose were most likely created by shadows. In the article it explains, "A few days later NASA unveiled the image for all to see. The caption noted a 'huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." This excerpt from the article explains that the only reason the natural landform even remotely looked like a face was because of shadows.

While many conspiracy theorists would still like to believe that aliens created this face on the moon, they are mistaken. With all of the technology used to investigate the red planet, proof of alien life should have already been found. Jim Garvin, chief scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program explained, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size...So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" By stating this, Garvin is saying that if there was any evidence of aliens builing this face on Mars, it would have been found. However, others still argue.

Those who believe in aliens building the face on Mars might srgue that NASA is secretly holding evidence that there theories are correct. However, NASA has nothing to gain from hiding information from the world. If anything, NASA would want the world to know about ancient aliens building landforms. The article mentions, "Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an acient civilization on Mars." This statement proves that NASA has no reason to hide information.

So, while some conspiracy theorists would like to think that aliens created this well-known face on Mars, they are incorrect. The face on Mars is just a natural landform that was wrongly perceived by the public. By advancing in digital technology, understanding the effect of shadows, and realizing that there is no evidence to support aliens on Mars, it can be concluded that the face on Mars is just another peculiar natural landform.         