Dear Principle,

I agree that you should change the school policy so that students should have a B average in order to participate in school activities. I think that it would be a nice change to help students get better grades. It would also help our school to be a better, smarter school. Students would also push themselves so they won't have to face being kicked off their team.

If students do not already have a B average then how can they keep up their grades when they are participating in activities? Students need to learn to organize their time between activities and schoolwork. So not only will they learn to organize their time better but they would also be getting better grades.

If you change the policy then many students will be willing to push themselves for better grades so they can participate in school activities. The students who are very dedicated to the sport or activity that they love would definitely push themselves for better grades. I believe that some of the students who participate in the activities at our school do not have a B average. Most likely because they are so dedicated to their sport that they forget about the schoolwork. If one of these students found out that you are changing the rule then they would change their attitude towards school so that they will not get kicked off their team.

Our school would be a smarted school if all the students participating in school activities all had B averages. There are a lot of students in our school's activities so if all of them had at least a B average that would be very impressive. We would not only be smart but look smart to other schools. Parent would want to send their children to out school. That would be pretty awesome.

I think it would be best if you changed the school policy to where all students need a B average in order to participate in sports. It could really help out our school and out students. Most kids will be doing better in school and would be better at organization. We could also change out schools image to other parents, kids, and schools.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME