To whom it may concern:

Our beloved principal has been considering making it mandatory for students to perform community service.

Some students already participate in community service and others do not even wish to.

It is a hard decision to make, but like every choice a person has to make, it is important.

So many students do not wish to, or may not have time to, participate in community service.

Those of them who do not wish to do such things, but have the time to, will be upset and angry, although they will do it anyway.

The others who do not have the time at all because of family matters, sports, jobs, and things like that will probably not even show up.

Parents of these children would be upset that they are being taken away to do community service when they are needed at home.

These parents will be asking why and we will have to answer them the best we can.

Students who already do community service will have no problem at all with it.

They will most likely encourage it and do their best to help in any way possible.

Some students would like to participate in community service, but do not know how.

They would be grateful for the help that we would give them.

Extra community service has the possibility of being a new way of punishment for students who misbehave.

Not only all of this, but it would help keep our community clean.

Just think about how wonderful it would be to live in a world where one person helps another person who helps the community.

So many ways to improve our lives and the lives of others:

tutoring, helping clean, aiding older people.

So many things that we could do to make our living environment cleaner:

picking up trash, cleaning statues and public places, un-polluting our rivers and lakes, helping out in so many ways.

Mandatory community service would be a great way to aid other people.

You probably already know all of this, but I told you anyway because you should know that I believe community service would be a helpful thing to everybody, even if they don't know it.

Now that you've heard what I think, you should get back to some thinking of your own.

This is an important decision and you need to make the right choice.

I will support your decision no matter what so good luck!

-STUDENT_NAME