Did you know that in that in 2016 a projection was made by Tesla for the release of a car that can drive by itself with no human assistence 90 percent of the time driving? Many car companies are considering this new technology for their own car brand, but is it really in the best interest of the drivers? Driverless cars are a dangerous creation because driverless cars are not soley driven by humans, the technology of the car is not guarunteed to be cooperative at all times, and there is the danger of law suits going against the people who manufacture these automobiles.

Automated driving is projected to be driven by the technology that it is equipped with most of the time. This is an unsafe idea because technology has proven to be faulty with many other inventions. This technology also encourages texting while driving. Not only is this against the law, but it is creating detromental habits for the drivers of the car. The car is in autopilot, but if the car malfuntions the driver may be too distracted by their phone to correct the mistake.

The technology of the car is the same as any other technology. New drivers may learn only how to drive an automated car. This can lead to carelessness and irresponsibility. If the innovative technology were to suddenly stop working, run down, or go into hyperdrive it could leave the car completely abliterated. This new technology is in no way completely trustworthy and will require many tests to prove the sucess. The technology of the car will also more than likely come with an extremely high price which few will be able to afford.

Lastly, the dangers of this car are high. Not only are they high because of the safety gear price , but it may also come with a price for the manufactureer. There is the chance of large lawsuits and sueing against the companies creating these cars. If a human was to gets injured in an accident created by the car, or if the car was bought with faulty technology, these companies could be facing extremely large law suits with multidigit numbers in cash.

Overall, driverless cars are an unsafe idea. This car could leave a lot of damage to many. Driverless cars a bad idea because they are not soley controlled by humans, the technology of the car is not guarunteed to be cooperative at all times, and there is a danger of lawsuits going against the people who manufacture these automobiles.