Summer projects are often seen by the student populous as a scourge upon their lives, more work to procrastinate on. To teachers, however, they are a tool which students can use in order to stay on track with their education and keep up-to-date information with. As painful as they seem, these projects are created with a significant goal in mind: teaching accurately and consistently. Although student-designed summer projects are often more in-touch with other students, teacher-designed summer projects are tailored to the expectations of discipline and knowledge held for their students.

To start, teacher-designed summer curricula enable the student to learn and apply their knowledge suited to the general teaching style. Over the summer, it's difficult for many students to stay on track with their learning, and it's very easy for them to drift away from their usual learning. Staying on-track is essential for students with good expectations and high goals; these projects can be designed to accomplish this, without any rough beginnings once the semester starts. In calculus, my teacher has very high expectations for his students. Every one of us received a "summertime fun packet" to work through over the summer, and it prepped us for the year that was to come: the first day of school, he jumped right into action and lectured to us as if it were the day before the AP exam. Because of his summer assignment's intuitive design, most students were prepared for this behavior, and could take thorough notes on the subject, further proving that teacher-designed projects are more useful to the hardworking student.

Another reason that teacher-designed summer projects are superior is that they are tailored to the unique curriculum the student will be taught with. Any good teacher can deviate from the standard curriculum throughout their teaching, and an assignment on par with the syllabus prepares the student for this "improvisation." For instance, my literature teacher assigned us questions analyzing a book we had read in the year, preparing our brains for the material we would be seeing in the year. Although the curriculum calls for practice in rhetorical analysis, it does not discuss proper thesis writing: our instructor assigned us work for both of these. Every dedicated student in the class was not only prepared for the work we were given, but we were confident in our abilities to accomplish these assignments. On account of the deep analysis questions my teacher assigned to me over the summer, I was more able to excel in my work in language and literature, further driving me to learn more and become more accomplished in my English classes.

Finally, teacher-designed summer projects are better for the student because a teacher has considerably more years of experience both learning and teaching effectively. Generic_Name taught us to hold mutual respect between student and teacher; in the best of classes, this respect is still exercised and encouraged to make learning as enriching and impactful as possible. With this in mind, the teacher is also more likely to be accurately designing their projects to reasonable expectations for the student, and to make summer assignments as practical as possible. Teachers are constantly informed on new teaching strategies and the most effective ways for students to apply themselves, and it's their job to make use of this in order to prepare their students for their futures. Alongside personal experience and intuitive training, the teacher is in a much less biased position to be creating work, without personal incentives to lighten the workload or to cut corners in their answers. All things considered, the experience a teacher has in preparing students for class is the most valuable quality they hold when it comes to your workload, far outweighing the experience of a busy student.

In conclusion, a teacher is undoubtedly the best person to be designing summer projects. The teacher's abilities to tailor their assignments consistent with their teaching style, to prepare the student according to the curriculum they are taught with, and to teach according to their own class experiences enable the most practical and effective work a student can receive. It's very important that summer assignments reflect what a teacher produces in their class. Without this preparation, valuable classtime that could be used to frontload the curriculum is lost, and a student will not get enough out of their education as they require to achieve their highest goals.