I agree that students should take their cell phones to school and be able to use them during lunch periods and other free times. The cell phones will have to be off during class but in our free times we could use them. I think they should let us because i think its a great way to refresh your mind a little and then go back to work.

I would say also that bringing a cell phone to school is okay because we wont be using them during class only on free times. It would be better if they would let us bring cell phones to school because when a student is bored they can always refresh their mind by using their cell phones on their lunch period or their free times. That way if we bring cell phones and they don't let us students might be using their cell phones during class and their not going to be paying attention to the teacher. And if we knew that we could bring cell phones we wouldn't be using our cell phones behind the desk so that the teacher doesn't catch us. If we do that because we know we cant bring any cell phones to school we are going to be on our cell phone and we are not going to be paying attention to the teacher about what she's teaching us. If we knew that we could bring cell phones we would just wait for our lunch period to use them or on our free times. That way we could be paying attention to the teacher and not using our cell phones because we know that we could use them on our lunch period or free times.

Another reason i think we should be able to bring cell phones to school is that if we bring cell phones to school and we cant bring them we are going to get in trouble for using our cell phones and not paying attention to the teacher. Also if we don't pay attention to the teacher we wont be able to understand the work or the homework she gives us and we wont do it because we don't understand it. If we don't do our work or our homework we are going to get bad grades and our grades are going to go down. That's my other reason why i think we should be able to bring cell phones instead of bringing them when we cant and be using them in school. Most of the students that have cell phones would like to bring them to school and some do so they can be using them when the teacher is not looking at them. Another reason that they should let us bring cell phones to school is so that we wont have to be scared that the teacher might catch us and get in trouble for it. When we know we could bring cell phones to school we could just bring them off and during our lunch period or free time we can turn them on and use them without fearing that the teacher is going to catch you using it when your not supposed to. More reasons are that if you have your cell phone on during class and you forgot to put it on silent if it rings or something the teacher can catch you right away and might take your cell phone then she would tell your parents you have it and they need to go get it.

These are my reasons to say that they should let us bring cell phones to