Dear Principal,

Imagine, not being able to play in the biggest basketball game of your life because your grades were not as good as the principal would expect them to be. I find it very unfair that students are not allowed to participate in school sports or other activities with a C average. Interpreting this law may cause many conflicts such as making a sport team not do as well, and affect the students future.

To begin, not allowing the students to play in the game may cause the team to lose an important game. In Red Silver, New Jersey, RELATIVE_NAME, who was very good at basketball was unable to play in the championship game because his grades weren't that well. As the game was close come to the fourth quarter,

RELATIVE_NAMEs team couldn't hold onto the game. RELATIVE_NAME was averaging 22.9 points a game, 12 rebounds, and 10 assists, and those statistics in the championship could've made his team possibly win as they lost by 20 points. RELATIVE_NAME missed being eligible for the game by one point in his average.

His average was an 82, which is a C, and

B average is an 83. RELATIVE_NAME missing the championship game affected his team for the worst, as the Red

Silver could've won its first basketball championship ever.

Also, having a C average can affect your future greatly. RELATIVE_NAME, tall and corpulent, was very good at football, yet not a great student. RELATIVE_NAME was being scouted by Division1 scouts from colleges such as Florida. Being a C+ student was his only fear from making the "big colleges" in the nation. In Maui, RELATIVE_NAME dominated the football season. Unfortunately, he was forced to sit out of the biggest game in his career because he was not academically eligible. RELATIVE_NAME was affected so greatly on this incident, all of his Division1 scholarships were gone because the scouts didn't want a student like RELATIVE_NAME in the school. RELATIVE_NAME was not very intelligent, but if he was to have someone tutor him, he would've went to any college he wanted to go to.

In conclusion, i think that maintaining a C average to play on the school sports team or other activities the school offers. RELATIVE_NAME and RELATIVE_NAME

both were affected off of this negatively as they could have had potential in going far in life. So in my opinion, i think that the principal should let students participate in school sports, as long as they get help in the subjects they are struggling in. Thank you for taking the time to read this letter.

Sincerely,

A student