Why do people hate the electoral College Proccess? It's just trying to choose a more helpful priesident. Although the Electoral College should be abolished for there dispicable disision making,there just choosing a way to get a better prisident. Although there just doing the proccess to help peoples everyday lives, but also the proccess is to help other people choose the right prisident and not just because they can talk proffessionaly on a TV screen but to choose the one with a pure heart about helping the people and not just themselves.

Why are people so angry about the Electoral College? The Electoral College process is showing how to choose the right way for a good prisident."Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsiblities are...."(office of the federal register, source 1).

this process will help choose a president not by how professional or handsome he look but by the his chocies and background he or she has made in the past."The winner-takes-all method of awarding electoral votes induces the canidates- as we saw in[2012's] election- to focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states...."(Posner, source 3,3. swing states,passage 20). But why do people hate this process? Just because it is antiquated doesn't mean it is a terible process, but people and there studorn ways will not drop this stupid stituation and go on with a "normal" life.

Even thought this process is antiquated done not mean it need to be abolished and destroy but the true reason why everybody today hate the process is because we want somebody professional but the process chooses the the president right for the cause and not if he professional. We get caught up in this world, but  we forget what the true meaning of being a president. Being a president is a honor but it come with difficult task and you need to learn to be a leader and not be the person behind the mask.    