Dear State Senator ,

The electoral college is not a good idea. Voters really dont get to vote for the President . A slate of electoral is the person to elect the President. This system is called a disaster factor , the U.S. should be lucky the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century. There are also people that want to stay with keeping electoral college . The electoral college restores most of the weight on the political balance that by population in large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the constitution.

The electoral college is unfair to voters. The canidates dont spend time in the states they know theres nochance of winning. Its a winner takes all kinda thing. In the 2000 campaign about 17 states didn't get to see there canadidates at all . States like Rhode Island and South Carolina and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a campaign ad.

Here is some information on the electroral college ,Every 4 years the presidential election is held on the Tuesday after the first monday inNovember. You can help choose your state's electors when you vote for President . When you vote your actually voting for your candidate's electors. The electoral college has 538 electors. 270 electoral votes are required to elect the President. After the election your governor prepares a certificate of ascertinment listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your state along with the names of their respective electors. The certificate also declares the winning canidate in your state.

State legislatures are responsible for picking electors. In the 1960's segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratice electors with new who would oppose John F. Kennedy.  in 1960 also Hawaii sent in 2 slates of electors to congress . Luckily , Vice President Richard Nixon was presiding over the senate validated his only opponet's electors.

The electoral congress should not be used it's unfair . It should be changed to be the popular vote for the president in the U.s. . It's unfair to the people there not really voting.                                      