Studying venus can be very dangerous but that hasn't stopped scientists and astronomers from exploring Venus and studying it and having more information on that planet.

Although you never know whats going to happen when exploring new things scientists find it very intresting to keep exploring Venus to keep finding out some of the features it has and maybe what it even used to look like. Venus is the second planet from the sun so its still very hot. Exploring Venus is very nice its diffrent from earth but also very similar it has like type features to earth like the mountains, valleys, and even craters. Venus also has a surface of a rocky sediment.

On the planets surface it temperatures over 800 degrees fehrenheit so it is extreamly hot. It also has the hottest temperture in our solar system even though its not the first planet closest to the sun. Astronomers are also discussing future visits to Venus. They are very fascinated to that planet because it may have been just like earth at one point with oceans covering it and it also could have supported diffrent forms of life on its planet at some point even if it was many years ago. Astromomers also feel like it doesnt have easy conditions but its still survivable for humans they just have to figure out how they can live around the heat and diffrent things like that. In the text it says that " Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface." And the weather impediments are like some of the things we have here like the earthquakes in certain parts of the worlds and the volcanoes too. So in some ways its similar to earth but with more extreme dangers.

The author did a very good job at supporting how dangerous exploring Venus is but how it also is a very cool planet to explore. The author also stated this in the aricle " Our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expaned to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." Which its sorta saying that even though its dangerous we shouldnt stop our minds from exploring diffrent things and imagining diffrent things.  