When I was in 9th and 10th grade, I had to do summer projects all the time. Even though I didn't want to do them, they helped me for the next year so my brain stayed fresh. However, doing it under the teachers rule felt like working in a factory, and it also felt like we weren't learning as much as we were just doing the project. I think that summer projects should be student designed because, it helps with the student's creativity level, puts less stress on the teachers, and allows the student to learn the best way possible.

When you learn, it's best to learn in a way that is fun and enjoyable to do. Student designed summer projects would help the student's creativity level. My friend Generic_Name and I were able to design our own projects in middle school and got A's all the time, because we made our projects different each time we did them. Creativity level is also key when you have to do projects for work when you get older. If you want to stand out from all the other projects people are doing, the only to get creative with your product.

Another reason students should design their own projects is because it could put less stress on the teachers who assigned it. With all the work the kids are doing, and since some teachers are putting in more time to grade and organize summer assignments, they'll be able to let the students work and all they ave to do is grade the work. I always talk to my teachers on a personal level, and a lot of them say that making/coming up with projects are one of the hardest things to do as a teacher when you have other things on your plate. So students making their own projects would help with that stress which means that they can put more time into grading your project precisely.

Lastly, another way student designed projects are a better choice than teacher designed projects is because they allow the student to learn the best way possible. I always thought personalized learning was helpful. It let students be their own teacher and learn how to find information about a topic efficiently, and students learn better if they are forced to find the answer themselves. So if we make our own projects, we can choose how to learn the material in the best way, shape, or form.

So summer projects should definitely be designed by students to expand their creativity, let teachers grade with time and no stress, and better their learning experience. Not only will students have a great grade on their summer project, but these skills that they are learning and using now will be very useful in college and in the work force when they're older.