The author had some detailed ideas that weren't explained really good. In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author explained many reasons why would should explore venus such as,Venus was probably coverd largely with oceans. The author was giving nonfact statements to support his claim of why we should explore venus. Another statement the author statment said venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visits which is not a fact. The ideas the author that wasn't supported very well where that venus is almost like earth,The technology we need to survive on venus and why we should explore venus.

In the article the author states that earth and venus are much alike. All the author say in the article is "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size."The author don't explain anything else on how venus is much like earth except that its has valley's and canyons. The author just explain the differences in speed and how no aircraft has landed on the planet in three decades. The author also tell us Venus reputation as a challenging planet which doesn't give a good reason to explore Venus.

The author aslo explained the technology we needed on venus,cause of the planet hot surface. The author explained that the surface was over 800 degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric is pressure is 90 times greater than earth. NASA's soution to to the problem the author state is that scientists to float above a tray, then the author going on saying imagine a blimp like vehicle hovering of 30 miles or so that was not supported. One thing the author did support is that electronics made od slicon carbide have be tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus surface. The author wasn't giving supported deatail's about the technology to survive on Venus.

The author wasn't giving reasons why should go to Venus. The author was talking about the hard condition to live on Venus, like heat and the storms etc. Also the author was making me feel like I dont want to go to Venus cause of how long the technology lasted on venus. In my opinion Venus is not save for us to explore right now but in future we might.

In conclusion the author didn't explain very good of why should explore venus and he made it seem like can