Dear Principal,

I strongly believe that students should get to have a C average to work in sports or other activities. Without this opportunity, many children will lack in physical. With a B average, many students may not keep up to that level, which overtime, makes them grow weaker. Not having activities and sports will hurt people physically, but also mentally. It can cause more stress to student's minds.

Students should get as much physical activity as they want, but if they have to have a B average, then this will make them get worse at what they may do best. These people should be getting enough freedom to do an activity for at least a C average. They will lack in physical skills and it may even mess up peoples dreams. If you know most of your students maintain at a C average, then leave them like that. Of course, changing the policy might make them work harder, but its just not fair.

Students may see a positive change in there grade average, but if someone likes to play a sport, then there shouldn't be a change in policy. There will be a positive side, but also a negative side to it. Students will get weaker without working in sports, or may even be much more lonely. In a young persons life, they don't want to be lonely. They want to be more social and talk with friends, participate in an activity. All these things help students grow up more healthier in life.

Some students may think its easy, but for most, it is hard. Since most of your students have a C average, then there is some bad effects on changing it to a B average. One important thing is stress. Every student wants to go to school stress free and going to special activities is a huge help in that. If people have to maintain a B average, it can add stress, because they are so caught up into trying so hard to maintain a B average. Stress at a young age may cause students to have a more lonely life. They may not have a social life and be sad most of the time.

As you see, principle, it is a much better idea to keep the policy the same. Students will lack physical education, it will have a bad negative affect, and it causes more stress to students, if sports and activities are only open to B average students. People will not like this new idea because they used to have so much of a good time, but with this, it could possibly change their life a lot.

From: STUDENT_NAME