Driverless cars are coming! Google have these driverless cars. Companies are making these, "driverless" cars. These driverless cars are not actually...well, driverless. Electrical cars are coming, and you won't want to miss it.

Television and movies have developed a theory of these cars. The theory is how the car may look and also, drive. Google has had cars that could drive independently under certain circumstances since 2009. Google cars have driven over half a million miles without a crash. google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and a inertial motion sensor.

Companies are already, and have already, been making these computer driven cars. As an example, General Motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. The track was embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. Google made the modified Toyota Prius, and BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant." Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020.

These, "driverless" cars are not really driverless. Antilock brakes and driver assistance still seem a long way from the dream of calling a driverless carb to take us wherever we desire, but Sebastian Thrun, founder of the Google Car project, believes that the technology has finally begun to catch up to the dream. The Google Cars must have an alert driver when driving. The Google Car cannot pull in and out of driveways. When dealing with road contrustion or navigating through an accident, the driver must take over then as well. The BMW, "Traffic Jam Assistant," can reach speeds up to 25 miles per hour, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. None of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills.

Driverless cars are in the making. Google has already made a few cars that are some what driverless. Companies are on the uprising of completeing their first driverless car. The cars they're making out to seem driverless are not actually driverless, but they're in the making. The technology is close enough. Electrical cars are coming, and you won't want to miss it.