Unmasking the Face on Mars

"Come over here quick!" As I told my NASA crew members, I told them that I had found something. Hi i'm a scientist at NASA diccusing the face that another scientist thinks it was created by aliens. As i told them they all came and was wondering what I needed them for and if I found clues. "I think I found parts of the face that is not an aliens." states one of the scientist at NASA. We didn't find anything unusual, except that there may be more than one of the faces.

Many of the scientist are starting to wonder if this face was created by aliens. Scientists have tooked camera over and there is no alien monument after all, But how do you get the others to believe thats theres not. Not everyone was satisfied. The face on mars is located 41 degress north latitude. The camera they had been using had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. They said the aliens marks may have been hidden by haze but some didn't even think that their were aliens marking and said that it is just a natural landform, but then again how could they prove it.

April 5, 1998, Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time ever. Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the orginal photos. Many anxious web surfers were waiting for the first image to appear on their screens. All they got was a natural landform no sign of alien transformation.

Lastly, NASA had many images for web surfer to see. The caption that they had noted underneath was huge rock formation. Which is resembles a human head. It is formed by shadows giving the illusion of the eyes, nose and mouth. The authors reasoned that it would be a good way t engage and attract the public attentions to Mars.

What the picture was actually showing was the martian equivalent if a mesa or a landform. Which was common around the AMerican West. It reminds many people of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idoho. Thats a lava dome that takes the form of a isolated mesa about the same size as the face on Mars.                                                   