At one point, I believed the electoral college was a bad idea. Although, after reading this, my view on the matter as changed dramatically. The electoral college keeps a balance in a country, a balance very much needed. I agree with it one hundred percent.

The electoral college was established as a compromise between election of the President by congress, and election of the President by popular citizen vote. The founding fathers felt it would given congress too much power if it elected the President all by itself. They also felt if citizens chose the seat by themsleves there wouod be chaos. They decided on a nice in between; they both choose, well sort of. What many citizens do not know is that when they cast their vote, they are not voting for the president, but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the President.

I myself feel this method is great. It leaves room for very few mistakes. The problem with citizens voting diectly for the president can be broken into two categories: uncertinty and underqualification. If the vote were solely based on citizen votes, the statisitcal outcome of the event would be crazy. With the majority of the electoral college applying the winner take all approach, it cuts those numbers down incredibly. It is allot easier to confirm a winner out of 538 votes then it is  to confirm one out of hundreds of millions of votes now isn,t it?

Another thing that makes it hard for citizens to directlly vote for their president is being underqualified. Many people think for themselves and only themselves. They are not qualified to make choices for the sake of the whole country, that is where the electors come in. These are people chosen by state conventions, state party committees, and sometimes candidates themselves. They hear the ideas of the people and manage them so that they are able to help everyone. They are pro politicians whose job in life is to preserve our country

Counterclaim

The electoral college is not of a democracy, but of a dictatorship. The U.S government lets people choose these electors so they feel important in the choices our country makes. We take time to study our favorite candidates, and if the electoral college does not agree with them, they are pushed to the side. What happens to the people who did not vote for the, "right" candidate? They are forever unheard. Sentenced to live in a community where they are silcenced. I do not agree with the electoral college because agree with our fore father Abraham Lincoln. He said this was supposed to be a country of the people, by the people, and for the people.

You are wrong in so many levels sir. the electoral college does not exclude democracy, it promotes it! Every citizen of legal age uses their god given right to express their political preference in the hopes of improving our country. The electoral college prevents regional rulership over areas that prefer one political side. It re-elects every four years to let everyone know, though your thoughts may not have been used in these past times, know that they have surely been heard. Things like the electoral college make me proud to live in the United States of America,  the greatest country in the world.    