If the Summer is plagued with more work we should be the ones to design it, so we can still be an creative and a hardworking student, have a strong understanding of the subject and voice out pressing matters in the world.

While us students want to be done with school and be free, it is scientifically proven that if you don't continue learning a subject you'll forget about the subject you're learning. To keep that retention, the students should create a project to keep you the students in check; It can vary from a research project to an presentation using key objectives in class to show how you used them in the real world. The position everyone should say is, yes to further have higher Graduation rates and Test scores, because if the students show compassion to their school work & their will to get things done, every one will succeed. When we work together, build each other up and help each other when needed the world becomes a whole lot brighter, nobody should have to be bogged down in a project that seems like it was made to have you suffer. This project should be fun and should make you want to complete it to show your classmates how well you did; It should also prove that you care for your work and backs it up .

On the flip side teachers did go to college for, four plus years and have been in this profession for even longer, so that is a great factor onto why most summer projects are teacher designed and so pressing on certain subjects. It's not supposed to be hard, the teachers just want he best for you, and have to teach you the schematics for next year or for life. It's similar to parenting, sometimes you have to be harsh to get the point through and the point is to get that student to be well rounded before he/she leaves high school. All the Teachers want to see is the students being successful and confident in everything they do to better on their lives. In short they want us to succeed to better on our lives; which is selfless and much appreciated.

Another way to choose a student project would be an voting system, a select few would pitch in ideas that are teacher approved, that way we are still learning the curriculum but in a different/ active way; After that the whole class votes, yes or no. If yes it goes on to other classrooms until the verdict is reached on if the project is fundamentally helpful and play a healthy part on work ethic. This project will help students with the strengths and weaknesses, they can either group up to get it done quickly or go solo a on their own pace. Instead of laying on the couch, eating, sleeping, overall being lazy they can make that brain work as if they were still in school, I'm talking about firing all 8 cylinders and constantly learn more on a rigorous daily basis

However, teachers are no joke though as they work day and night to give us students the best education possible, it's stressful being a teacher and in our eyes a worthy sacrifice.

Grading papers form 150 students and also having to stay on track and give out more papers is a hassle; thats why we have teacher aide's to help them get through the day which is selfless and deserves recognition. To every teacher, thank you for doing what you do if we did not have you we would not be here learning.

To add on to the previous statements, we can be more inclusive and have a battle of the brains where all teachers do a project & students do a project, whoever wins by vote from the school staff will get a a reward of their teams choice; these are all just ways to do school work but with a spin of fun & healthy competition, because seriously work can be boring for teachers and students alike ways we can fix this on a daily basis are:

Have an reward system regarding questions and candy.

Play an Kahoot game on the subject to engage participation.

Let students design homework or class plans.

Let them grade papers and see the process and life of a teacher.

Have students stand up and stretch.

Ice breaker activities.

Talk about foreign matters.

These are just a few ways to stick out from the typical, book work and paper.

Book work has dated back decades, Its time to modernize and find different ways to learn.

While for decades teachers have been prescribing projects that are an inch thick in paper, we have been struggling, we need change now; Change is good and needed change is how we industrialized and now change will be how we do our tests, papers, essays & projects. We should be able to choose what subject a paper is on and how should it be done, because in all honesty we are the future so we need to work on certain matters, problems & accessions towards our future like emissions, pollution & much much more. Student designed projects will talk about these matters and open up the public eyes about how serious we, the youth of tomorrow are taking it as serious as Gun control, College Debt and other pressing matters. Allowing us students to work and talk about problems all around us would be a pleasure to spread awareness on these subjects.

To wrap this all up, We the students of tomorrow would love to be able to control summer projects in terms of spreading awareness/ looking at hard topics the public usually avoids. To be inclusive and attention grabbing is the goal and we can push for regulations throughout the school system, a recent matter was opening high school later than usual and getting in the nitty-gritty with financial costs & Bus scheduling. We can and will build each other up on these group projects. In turn we are equipping the mind for the real world we can use steps the we gained form high school and teamwork to get the job done, test scores & graduation rates would be higher due to us engaging in school year round. To close, we can't get anything done without Teamwork and student input, we need to let students have a say in their education to let them be the best the they can be in anything and everything they do.             