Dear Ms. Principle,

I believe that cell phones should not be allowed at school whatsoever. Some students at school will get distracted with their phones during class while texting their friends or classmates. These students sometimes get caught, loose their phone, and a parent might have to come into school to get it. The phones can be used for multiple reasons during school, distractions, and getting answers to test, quizzes, and possibly MCAS testing. Students can just go to the main office and use the school's phones if they have to call someone. These phones are a distraction to the students and to teachers if they catch people with cell phones. Cell phones should only be used after school hours, dismissal, if they need to get a ride home. Other than that it is not necessary to have phones in school and be using them to talk to each other. Kids would not be following the rules made if they could have their phones with them, they would carry them and never turn them off during a class. Teachers would have build-ups of students phones because the students basically would care about when they could use it, they would do as they please and get their phones taken away. This rule would probably effect most high-school and middle-school students, not elementary students. The older students would not be following rules and would act as though they do not care about the rule, all they'd care about is the fact that they could have phones. During classes like gym and health and foreign language people would use their phones because people would not care about those classes, they may see it as a free period like a directed study/study hall. Cell phone use during school hours is not a good idea because students will text each other in class, even though they are not supposed to, and will be distracted from their class and would not learn anything that could be important to the class. Teachers would not be able to teach a class without confiscating a cell phone, and the office could get phone calls complaining about how their kid's phone was taken away by a teacher. After a while students would just use their phones whenever they can and will not care if it gets taken away. No student can learn if they are using a cell phone during a class, there are some important things that could show up and can't complain about it. Then come time for MCAS, tests, quizzes, some students will not be prepared and will do very, very badly in those subjects. If students were allowed to use phones, they would not follow the guidelines, would text, call people, and try to get answers from people for a test or quiz. School would become a completely hectic place to be with phones everywhere and people distracting themselves and others form school and learning.

Due to phones, students do not learn as much and get easily distracted from class if they are texting somebody else during school.