Everyone knows that traveling outer space can be risky. Some many even say it is danergous. Others may say that we can come up with better technology to improve safety when traveling other planets in outer space. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author gives their support to the idea of exploring the planet Venus.

Traveling Venus would be dangerous in many ways. For one, it is the second planet closes to the sun so it would be extremely hot. Next, the air pressure would be quite hard for humans to handle as well. In the passage it states, "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." This clearly gives enough information to say that these conditions are more extreme than what any human can handle.

A way we could be able to visit Venus is if we had better technology. NASA has had quite a few ideas for sending humans to Venus. In the text it says, "a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way." By using this sort of vehicle humans would be able to make the trip survivable.

The author of this passage seems to be very open and supportive of the idea of studying and visting Venus. In the paragraph 8 the author claims, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imaginations and innovations." From this authors statement we can infer that they are on board with the idea of the travels to Venus and that we should not like dangers or doubts hold us back from being able to study this planet. Although it may be challenging we must not let that stop us.

Although there may be many conflicting dangers and concerns with space travel, it is possible. As the author said, we should not let doubt stop us from discovering a great planet. We can come up with the technology to some day visit this planet. With the correct technology anything can be possible. 