I think community service should be something everyone does to help others, or to help the Earth. Some people think community service is a waste of time, but when the air is polluted, and more people get sick per week or day from it, it is time to start cleaning up are community!

I think the help of the elementary kids would be great for them, so they can get work done, and not just have to ask the teacher for help, but they can ask their tutor also. Also, they can go home after school, and have no work with a tutors help. The tutor would feel good at the end since the student they helped enjoyed the help of the work, and also enjoy meeting someone new to them.

The community need to be cleaned up so our air pollution can get better than what it is right now. We should have a couple kids clean up places during study hall hours, and after school. Also, the lakes, rivers, and oceans are getting polluted from all the junk in the water. So all the fish, turtles, and other sea creatures are dying from the pollution thrown onto the ground, which can get blown into the water, or thrown into the water. I think we should have kids recycle paper and other recyclable items to reuse them, instead of cutting down trees for the paper, and make the new items.

The schools should have a Recycling competition where the Study hall class that brings in the most items to be recycled, get a free day party for the study hall the whole week. The competition goes on each month. After each month, they have an assembly to get all the items collected, then they put them together to see how much they recycled that month. It would encourage kids to recycle more often, and give a little bit of a competition for the school.

Community service is a good thing to help clean environment, and also help other who need it. If we didn't have community service, our community and planet would be a wreck. We need more people to help for community service so it can go by faster each day, and makes others feel good about where they live. If we didn't have community service, you would mostly be walking on trash every step you take, since some people throw their trash on the floor instead of a trash or dumpster.

Some people dislike community service since they like to be inside the whole day either in front of a television, on a computer, or playing a video game. So they think community service is boring and not worth their time, but they need to learn that they can save the environment by just picking up a wrapper on the ground, and spending time away from the electronics, and go outside with friends, or pick up trash in their neighborhood.

The people that do community service, should be proud of what they do to help others, and keep up the work they do. So I think all students should perform community service so we have an excellent environment, and more people can look at teens, and not think of them as a bad reputation like adults do right now. They think of some teens as trouble, bratty, and they don't do anything. But other teens are getting looked up to by doing different amounts of work to help out, and also adults think they are a good reputation since they help out more.

Community service is a good deed, and not only kids should do it, adults should also be doing some community service since it is something that is excellent for the community. They put responsibility on kids to clean up, even though adults throw things on the floor too.