Dear Principal,

Your first policy sounds great because many students now are sneaking in their stuff inside the school and teachers are not really great at looking for stuff.

If you allow them to have their cell phones in school might be great because they may change ideas and their parents might be waiting for their son to pick them up.

It might lower how much they cheat off of another person.

Of course if those two persons are at free time at the same time.

My opinion is that the teachers pick up their cell phones before class this might be bad if they steal them.

Cell phones in school might also increase the probability of catching the cheaters by looking in the cell phone memory.

The thing they should do is that all students have free time at the same time so that they do not try to cheat in class.

You should try this for one year and if your satisfied with the results you may do it again.

You may tell the students at the beginning of the school year that the cell phone privilege will be taken away if they don't follow directions and apply policy #2 those are my opinions.

Maybe some students don't have cell phones and don't want other students to have them.

I think just about every student would like to have their cell phone in school and you might eve add more privileges if they do it right for so many years they may bring MP3 games and other electronics so that they feel almost like at home.

If any students breaks the rules they may not bring the cell phones and the other privileges you might have gave them you can tell the teachers which students are not allowed to bring electronics and if they see them with a electronic they can take it away.

If it was a borrowed electronic the student the borrowed from gets taken away the privilege as well.

If so many students are breaking the rules than put policy #2 for the rest of the year.

The next year you may start fresh if you feel like it .

You might want to think the cell phone policy a little bit deeper if you have any doubts.

That is what I have to say respect the cell phone policy.

Many students are waiting for this policy to come true.

Please think about it.

Some teachers might not like it.

Because they have to do mare things about it and some might get ideas about them.