"I say we change!" Changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States can be a way better idea to do than keeping the Electoral college. In the Electoral College system the voters dont vote for the president, they vote for a slate of electors & those slate of electors who in turn elect the president. In Source 2 they talk about why the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong. In my own opinion, I think that by changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. In Electoral College, Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of votes would prefer a direct election of the kind we have now.

In source 1, they talk about what is the Electoral College & how it works. The Electoral College is a process, not a place. It's process consists of the selection of the electors, a meeting of the electors where they vote for President & Vice President, & the counting of the votes by Congress. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 votes is required to elect the President. In the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, the District of Colubia is allocated 3 electors & treated like a state for purposesof the Electoral College. The word "state" also refers to the District of Columbia. Every candidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors. Presidential election is held every 4 years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. When you vote for President you help choose your state's electors because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors. Most states have a 'winner take-all' system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate.

In source 2, they talk about why the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong. Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. For instance, if you lived in Texas, & wanted to vote for John Kerry, you would be voting for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. The electors can be anyone not holding public office. It depends on the state to pick the electors in first place. Sometimes voters get confused about the electors & vote for the wrong candidate. Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legilature nearly suceeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy.                                                                                                                                                     