people ask for others opinions all the time, when people ask for more than one opinion its to make a better judgment of what they're asking. Choosing a president, a doctors opinion, making friends are all examples of asking for more than one person opinions.

When choosing a president everyone has their own opinion on who they think will make the country better, so people vote for them. Some people even try to persuade others to vote for this person then they give their reason/opinion to why they should vote for them. Then there's other people who disagree with others, and will share why they think that president shouldn't become president. Everyone makes their own opinion and choosing a president is an important one to make because you have to make sure that they make smart decisions, and care about the people and not the title.

When you ask for a doctors opinion your asking for your health to make sure that your body is functioning the way its supposed to. Making sure that theres nothing wrong with your body. But when there is something wrong a doctor would usually tell you to take this and you should do this to help your body out a little bit, or if its serious than they will tell you that you should get surgery. one doctors opinion isnt always right, so you go and a second opinion from another doctor to make sure that it is 100% certain

Making friends is hard especially when it comes to teenagers, because theres rumors there she/he did that, drama,she/he is ugly or they're poor. Teenagers make it so hard to make friends cause if you hang out with a certain person it makes you just like them. Some teens are so opinionated to the point it starts to count as harassment or bullying. Also if your trying to make some more friends and depending on who your friend is they might not like the fact you want to make new friends so you ask around people that you know for their opinion what should you do if you should befriend the person or stay friends with them. Thats why i think asking for other people opinions matter.