I belive that summer projects should be student-designed. Students could have more crativity, expressing emotions through their projects, higher grades, expanding their crative mind.

By students getting the chance to designe their own projects they can expand their creative minds. Students can get creative with their art and that could inspire others no matter how hard it might get. They could push themsleves to get out of their comfort zone and this could lead them to have bigger oppoutunties. Students getting the chance to do their own project could make them follow through with it.

By students designing their own projects they could express emotion through art and color. A project could have a deeper meaning such as: religon, expreience, or something they believe in and this could keep a student by following with the project and actually finishing it. Students getting the chance to designe their own projects could be benifical to those who suffer with depprestion. They could use art as a way to cop with what they're suffering with by expressing their emotions. It could inspire them to keep it pushing no matter what.

Benifits could come by students designing their own projects such as getting better grades. Students who don't do their work and get a faling grade could benifit from this. They could think that the way of the teacher doing the project is boring and with this they can have more freedom and show off their creativity. This could inspire studnents to do their work. Students could follow through with their project's and get good grade's by them desgning the way they prefer it. They could feel more comfrotable with doing the project by them doing it how they want to.

Students get the chance to explore new things and they can use that expreince to their benfit. By students getting the chance to try new things they could step out of their comfort zone and get the chance to explore new talents. Within students exploring new things they gain knowlege and gain more expreince on ther project.

Students should get the chance to disigne their own projects. By doing so they could gain more knowlege on the subject the project is on. This could come to their benfit by them getting oppourtunties and better grades.             