Have you heard of "The Face On Mars"? If not then listen closely, the face is'nt real. It's just a Mesa that looked like a face back in 1976 cause of the technology back then. With today's technology we are able to see that it's just another landform on Mars.

The Face on Mars was a great mystery and a degree of surprise back in 1976 since they were just exploring mars at the time and didn't really know what to expect from it when they found that landform. Since then the Face became a pop icon and stared in multiple Hollywood films, magazines, and books. Because of the landform on Mars people thought that is was solide evience that life was on mars or that there was life on Mars. Thus aftward scienctists tried to take another picture of Cydonia (The Face) with the improved technology and show that there is no life on Mars and that the face is just a landform on Mars.

In the image it did look more like a landform yet it still resembled a face so conspiarators still beleived that there was still life on mars or that there was life on Mars. The people that weren't saticfied said that The Face on Mars is located 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in April of 1998 which is a cloudy time on Mars. Thus the people also beleived that there could be alien markings but were hidden by the wispy clouds that the MGS couldn't see through.

Life on Mars is possible and the Face could be real and could have markings on it but because of the cloudy day the MGS couldn't see the Face clearly.

On April 8, 2001 a cloudless summer day had come and it was time to take a picture of the Face. The photo was taken with maximum resolution, and when people saw the picture there was no mistaking it for a landform on Mars. Garvin also added "It reminds me most of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," said Gravin. So the Mar's Face was just a landform on Mars that looked like a face because of the technology back in 1976 and because of the cloudy day when NASA took the second picture of The Face. 