Phones & Driving

Now in the 21st century, the major of humans own and use cell phones daily. The number of teens who are dying or being injured as a result of texting while driving has skyrocketed as mobile device technology has advanced. Texting while driving is a big problem though out the world with the death rate going up every year.

Teens and young adults ages though 18-24 are texting and driving more than any other age group. Texting while driving increases the chances of a person having an accident greatly for being distracted.

Driving while texting is as dangerous as driving drunk.

Driving while texting, as with drunk drivers, are less likely for a person that's texting to notice any signs, people walking in the middle of the road, and the signals coming from other vehicles. The larger phone manufacturers, such as Apple and Samsung, could help put something in their phones like an app, or app blocker, to help texters with their problem.

About over 300,000 injuries have occurred every year by accidents caused by texting while driving in 25% of all car accidents resulting in almost 400,000 physical injuries.

550 pedestrians and bicyclists are killed each year in distracted driving accidents.

The poor habits of texting while driving would keep on going nonstop once a person gets used to texting while driving, there is no telling where it will stop. Texting while driving does not encourage a person to care about their surroundings and fosters a sense of detachment from the world at large.

Constantly texting, along with nonstop waiting for that next text to come popping up on your phone screen, looking like a robot is no way to live. The ability to enjoy life and carry on a conversation in person is completely and diminished. Putting down the phone for a few minutes each day could help with your communication skills, and your phone would be put down for once for some rest.

Texting while driving is in the 21st century has changed the way of driving nowadays while technology keeps on advancing the problems gets bigger and bigger and while the death rate would keep on increasing as time goes until everyone fix the texting while driving problems continues.   