Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Should these summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed? Take a positive on this question. Support your response with reasons and specific examples.

Students should have the projects be teacher-designed because if students designed the projects they would be easier than if the teachers designed them. But the teachers would have to make the project a big part of their grade because there would be a lot of students who wouldnt do the project. The students who didnt do the project should have consequences like in school detention, and calls home. Teachers should design the project because the students should know how it feels to be a teacher. Teachers all ways design projects for the students so the students should design the project but their are some ups and down about students designing projects.

Students could use the projects to bring up their grades because come students have hard times with the classwork and with teachers. But their are some bad things about doing projects because students have a hard time in school and summer is the only time they get time to relax and not do anything. Their need to be time for students to relax and have fun with friend and family. Their are also a lot of bad things about having summer projects. During the summer your family plans trips and if your doing projects then you cant enjoy the trip. You get to hang out with friends and go to the fair and have fun and get funnel cake.

If you have projects all summer long to do how are you going to go to practice, go to work , and go on trips your family panned. How are teacher going to give us projects if we wouldnt know how to do it. We wouldnt know the classes we would be in and how to work the problem out and solve it. You get to hang out with friends and go to the fair and have fun and get funnel cake. Family's have a lot to do during the summer and having projects would mess all the plans up for the summer. Students should have the summer to them selves to go out and go on trips.

In conclusion their are some bad things about having projects during the summer but mainly bad things. Their are a lot of good things about having no projects in the summer. During the summer it should be for the students to have fun and not worry about school. The summer is a time when students should have to worry about school or test or projects being due. Im going for no projects during the summer they mess so many plans up.    