Have you ever asked someone for advice on a certain issue and listened to how they told you to respond, only to realize they had no idea what they were talking about? I personally have, and know many people who also have gone through the same thing. When you ask one person for advice, you aren't aware if they are familiar with issues like the one you approached them with, and wether or not they know how to respond to it properly. Asking only one person for advice also doesn't give you options. It narrows your mindset, so you only see one side of the issue. I believe seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice because it broadens you're mindset, you have more than one solution/ more than one perspective, and it allows you to learn from other people.

The first reason as to why I think that getting multiple people's advice on an issue can help you make better decisions is because it broadens you're mindset. When you ask multiple people for advice on an issue, you are probably going to get different answers from all of them because they are all different from each other and have different views on how you should approach the issue. It helps you see all sides of the issue, including ones you might not want to look at. Also, when you hear what everyone has to say about the issue and how you respond, you start having better understanding of the issue and the other sides of it. Asking more than one person for advice and listening to what everyone has to say also increases the chances of you making a good choice. When you listen to everyone and take some time to think through the issue, you obviously are going to make a better choice than when you just wing it and do whatever you feel.

Secondly, getting different peoples take on the issue can help you respond to the issue correctly because then you have more than one solution and more than one perspective. Having more than one solution gives you no limitations. You have a choice and options on how you would like to react to the problem or decision you are trying to make. Also by seeing other perspectives, you can make good choices with the options you have and know how to pick the best choice. For example, you own a company and you get an offer with a lot of money to cut down the forest and build a mall in its place. You don't know what your answer is going to be and you just don't know how to make that decision. You go to ask your friends and family about what they think you should do. They give you multiple answers to the decision and multiple points of view. Your mom says yes, take the deal, there are so many trees in the world, you cutting down a 100 isn't going to affect anything. Your friend says no, don't take the deal, there are animals and creatures that depend on those trees for survival. Your cousin says take the deal, but change the coniditons, build the mall somewhere else. You hadn't even thought about the animals that depend on those trees! Now by having all these new perspectives and all these new choices, you are able to make the best decision for the enviroment and for yourself.

Lastly I think that getting multiple views on an issue is going to help you make a good decision because you learn from others and gain knowledge. The more people you ask, the more your going to learn. Maybe somebody has already had to make a choice like this before and made the right choice and wants you to learn. Maybe somebody has already had to make this choice and made the wrong choice and wants you to learn from their mistake. It doesn't matter, even if they've never had to make a decision like this before, they can still have good input and information about the topic. Learning from others mistakes and gaining knowledge and information increases your chances of making a good decision because you learn what will happen if you make a decision. Some might argue that only you know what is best for yourself and you should make your own decisions. I agree with them, but you have to keep in mind that I'm not suggesting that other people make the decision for you, only that you you get multiple views and hear what others have to say. In the end, the choice is truly yours, but listening to what people have to say can help make it easier to make the right decision.

Making a decision is extremely difficult and stressful, but asking others for input and advice on the issue can help you make the right choice because it widens your mindset, you end up having more than one solution and more than one perspective on the topic, and you learn from others past and gain information and knowledge from it. You don't want to be in the position where you ask only one person for their advice and listen to them, only to realize they really didn't know what they were saying. The one guranteed way to prevent that from happening is by getting multiple peoples opinions. Now, next time you are faced with a huge choice to make, I hope you ask more than one person about what they think you should do. 