The Electoral College

Dear Mr. Nixon

I think as a citizen of Flordia that the Electoral College should not be apart of our states voting rights because the people voteing do not have a direct vote to the president. Our state just like many others have a "Winner-takes-all system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate." Every election is a unfair election because the people dont get to directly vote for the president.

"What have Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on? Answer: Abolishing the electoral college!" This is proof that not only basic people of the USA think the electoral college should not exit but people who have been important to this country and other commities.

When voting through the electoral college voters dont vote for the president they vote for a slate of eloctors who then elect the president. Which is not right to the people who do vote an the people running for president, plus its wrong to the country because everyone has the right as a US citizen to elect a president but there not actually voting for the president.

"At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states." This is again more proof that the elecooral college is unfair to all the U.S voters.

"Its official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best argument in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. Its hard to say this, but Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college." The electoral college is something that should be taken out of the electing process because it dosent give us as U.S citizens our exact rights to vote for president because its the electors who elect the president not the people.            