Many people believe that giving students the opportunity to take their classes online would not be beneficial and by doing so, schools would be decreasing the likelihood of productivity in their students. Although, taking classes online could be tremendously beneficial in the daily life of a student, whether it is by helping them feel more comfortable, helping them have the ability to attend while sick or, even by helping them have better access to projects and other assignments that could have easily been forgotten in their home if they did not attend online classes.

For example, everyone knows that feeling of coming home after a long day of work or school. That imaginary switch that immediately turns on in ones brain once they finally step into their home, telling them they can now relax, take off their shoes and do what they want at their own desired pace. Now, imagine if people of all ages, still attending school today could feel completely at ease even while they learn in class, but this time through video conferences. By taking online courses in the comfort of their own home, students can benefit by feeling more eager to ask all the questions they need to and not feel embarrassed nor, worry about others giving them strange looks. Students would also have the ability to sit or adjust space for themselves once their lesson starts. From my own experience in school, I have heard many students complain about how uncomfortable the chairs are and how people keep kicking their seats and so forth. This can be a very big distraction for many students. The amount of discomfort they experience, while they are trying to focus can distract their learning and even cause them to have pains once they return home.

Moreover, having the ability to attend class online can help students not have to miss out on important quizzes, projects, or exams even, while they are sick. Waking up early for school is already a hassle for many students and being sick, while having to wake up early could make the student have a much harder time. All a student wants to do is lay in bed and get better soon, but a lot of students often worry about all the work that will be piled up on them once they return to school, making them force themselves to attend. If students do this, it can lead to even worse issues, such as having an unwanted accident at school or even spreading the sickness to multiple other students. Video conferencing can help students stay on track with their work and also help them have better access to their medication when it needs to be taken. Students would not have to deal with unneeded stress from school and could calmly focus their energy on bettering their health.

Furthermore, the use of online lessons can be beneficial when it comes to a students forgetfulness. There are a few unfortunate moments in a students day to day life where they stay up late working hard on an assignment that they end up forgetting on their desk, bed, dinner table or anywhere else that is not their backpack. Forgetting to turn in work can hugely affect a students grade, but with the help of online courses, a student can have easy access to their projects and assignments without having to worry about their grade dropping over a simple misplacement. They can have the opportunity to easily locate it and have it by their side once their teacher does any kind of review where the student can also keep up and ask questions, instead of looking around the classroom or peeking at someones paper. Also, if students were to have access to their homework and other important projects at all times they are most likely to work on it until, they are able to complete it due to their conscience reminding them that there is work to be done and that the student had a lot more time to finish it.

In spite of, many individuals believe that there would be far more distractions for students at home than there are at school with the use of online classes, but one should take in consideration that students do have the ability to prioritize things that are important to them. Take many college students for example, some of them take online versions of their classes from home and they are still able to excel to their full potential. By watching lessons online, the students will most likely receive a much better understanding and visual representation of their teachers examples, since their attention will be focused only on what is being shown to them and not around the classroom. Additionally, Students that go to school already work on projects and assignments at home regularly without getting distracted, so taking online classes would be no different than regular school. A student that is determined and knows the importance of paying attention in school would try their best, whether they take online classes or normal classes.

To sum up, giving students the chance to have distance learning as an option for them is extremely beneficial in many ways. Not only can a student attend classes more often than usual, but they can also get the chance to learn more and keep up with assignments that could have piled up as their absences increased. Online learning can help a student break out of their shell and talk to their teacher more about their questions and get a more in depth experience in an online classroom. Therefore, these are the reasons why students all around could benefit from this great opportunity.      