Sure, driverless cars sound interesting, but are they worth the risk? With the recent dovelopment of driverless cars, the technology for them is only advancing. It might be fun, it might be cool, but is it's not safe. Not only would driverless cars be dangerous themselves, but theres also other issues, such as; economy dropping, the inability to drive those cars specifically, and several legal issues to think about. The future is now, where cars are assential to everyday life, for some, cars are their life.

Many people make their living off selling cars, advertising cars, building cars, designing cars, and even workers for car companies like Subaru, Toyota, Ford, Chevy, and more. On the radio, drivers hear tons of car sales and ads. If all the companies, all the advertisements, all the sales, all the new disigns, and every last car builder were to have to cope with driverless cars, many citizens would be out of a job. The job market for cars would collapse and so would the economy leaving thousands unemployed. Also, gas and oil would no longer have anywhere near as much value as it does now. Without oil and gas prices, even more poeple would be without jobs. Not to mention taxes would be brought up on everything else to try and keep the economy stable, but in reality, the rise in taxes would make everyone but the government looking for loose change. Especially people who have more importants things to pay for, like children and disability.

The inability to operate the cars would be even more an issue for people wiht disabilities. Blind and deaf people can now at least get cars that can be modified to adjust to their ability, but as these driveless cars are just being made, it would take them even longer to modify them for the disabled to use. Even without a disability, the cars would be like taxis, so what about people with social anxiety? The driveless taxi causes them to leave their home and fetch one for themselves. Social anxiety is an illness and affects most people one way or another. Social anxiety can prevent someone from doing the simplest of things. Things that even a mere child could do. That's another problem with the cars, what if children run away in them? They have the ability to, but at this point, there's no law against it.

Along with the dovelopment of new cars, there would be NEED to be new laws to go with them. If people think it's okay to drink and drive now, there will be even more of an issue if that person's not the one driving. If they're drunk, they could even fall asleep amd end up all the way across the country because they never told the car when to stop driving. Even when the operator of the car isn't drunk that could happen. Since there's no laws against it, they could just fall asleep while driving and cause accidents. If they think its okey to sleep, they will cirtainly think that texting, getting on social media, and watching videos is okay. They'll stop paying attention to the road, and could get seriously hurt. Getting hurt won't be the only bad thing to happen.

Economy build up, people out of jobs, kids taking cars, disability mobility, legal documents, could all be avioded if the risk wasnt taken to make these driveless cars. They might be ffacinating and new now, but will it be worth it when the economy falls apart, when you lose your child, or get badly injured? Keep driverless cars off the road and keep moving forward in a REAL car to stay safe.