The passage "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" is a really intresting passage. In the text states, that "VAUBAN, Germany-Residents of this upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before: they have given up their cars". This shows, that if they have to go somewhere they go walking. Also the street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbiden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of Freiburg.

However, In Vauban's streets are completely "car-free"-except the main thoroughfare, where the tram to downtown Freiburg runs, and few streets on one of the edge of the community. But car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park, and is for $40,000, along with a house. And as a result , 70% of Vauban's families do not onw cars, and 57% sold a car to move there. Because when she had a car she was always tense. Also cars causes lazyness to do stuff, and it doesn't keep you healthty. For example, when you walk you stregh your body and and all the parts of your body are moving. But when you use car you sit down and sometimes that can cause a back problem.

Forthere more, all of our development since World War II has been centerd on the car, and that has to change. In Levittown and Scarsdale, New York suburbs with  spread-out homes and private garages, were the drea towns of the 1950s and still exert a strong appel. This means, that back then spread-out homes and private garages where the dream towns. In the United States, the Enviromental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities are staring to act, caustiously.

Indeed, many experts escept public transporter serving suburbs to play much larger role in a new six year federal transpotation bills to be approved this year. Also in previous bills, 80% have by law gone to highways and only 20% to other transport. This means that having a car is a really waste of money but its also important to have a car.    