Generic_Name sighed while he got on his bus on the last day of middle school, and was pretty bummed that he realized he didn't join any clubs or sports during his time at school. Even though his friends recommended that he should, he didn't really want to do it. All of his friends that joined activities made cool, new friends in the clubs they were in, and became more active when they participated in sports. He was upset that he didn't do any of those things in middle school, but decided that he would give it a chance when he went to high school. When he got home, Generic_Name thought about the kinds of clubs he wanted to join, and different sports he wanted to participate in, and was looking forward to it.

Students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity during school because it can help you make new friends, help you become more fit/ stay active depending on the activity, and can improve your skills on specific things. If you join any sports or clubs, you are definitely going to meet new people to make your friends, which is a great thing because it gives you people to talk to and get along with so you won't be by yourself in any activities you would do after school. However, some people don't like joining clubs because they could be antisocial or can be nervous and have trouble meeting new people, but it's okay, it takes time to get used to people you dont know, so joining clubs and making new friends can help you be more social and find it easier to get along with others. Joining sports/ physical clubs can help you stay in shape and stay healthy because most sports will most likely have you break a sweat, and a lot of sports include running and jumping, and require some strength. Volleyball, wrestling, football, basketball, hockey, soccer, etc, keep you active and healthy because your exercising by doing sports which is good for your body, but you have to keep in mind not to overwork yourself because it can become tiring and maybe a little dangerous if you work for too long without taking any breaks. Sports can definitely become rough and you can really get hurt if your not careful, so it's important to get enough sleep, eat right, and stay hydrated before playing so you don't risk getting injured.

Being in most clubs can help to improve skills on different things such as art, cooking or baking, acting, writing, sewing, and things like that. Some things that are provided in different clubs can really come in handy at some point in your future. Learning new things or improving your skills can impress your friends and family, and can sometimes earn you money. For example, if you improve in art or sewing, you would be able to sell it for a bit of money depending on how skilled you are, maybe $20-$30, or if you're good at cooking/ baking, you could sell it at a bake sale or maybe just give it to your friends or family to enjoy as a treat. Learning new things and improving skills can be fun, but sometimes it can take time and effort to put into learning new things and improving, so you have to be willing to take time into that and do your best because it's worth it in the end.

Generic_Name smiled as he got on his bus on the last day of middle school, as he sat down in his seat with the friends he made during the year through after school activities, they remembered and talked about all the cool sports and clubs they did during their time throughout middle school. They remembered the clubs they joined such as facs club and art club, and how their skills on baking and drawing improved, they also talked about the sports like soccer and basketball they all participated in together, and Generic_Name can definitely say that he's gotten healthier since he joined. When he got home, he thought about trying out for the basketball team again during high school and was really looking forward to it.