I think students should be able to use there phones at school just not in class . Like in Policy 1. Students should use there phones because if something happen at school they can call someone and get help. If students didn't get to use there phones in school and, something happened it would take to long for the student to go to the office. Also it would be nice to use your phone in school you can call your parents and tell them that your staying after school. One other reason they should let us use are phones is because the office get too crowed because people need to call home and parents and, sometimes people in the office tell you to get out because the office is to crowed sometimes you don't even get to call.

Also they should let students use there phones is that they would be happy to use there phones at school and like coming to school. Also teachers would be able to use is too so its good for the whole school and everybody will be happy. So i think the principal should change the rules and let us use are phones. Also so students don't use them in class teachers should collect the students phones before class starts and give it back when class is over so students will not use them in class or just turn them off and show the teacher.

Other reasons students should use there phones is because they can call somebody is an emergency happens. Also they can call 911 is something really bad happens. Another thing is they will enjoy coming to school and have a smile. I think people will enjoy the new rule if it changed and be happy to use there phones in school. So i hope the principal will change the rule and let us use are phones during school but not in the classrooms. I think other students will be happy to be able to use there phones during school.

other might think wow they changed the rule and be happy to use there phones during school. If the rule does change i think almost every students will be happy to use there phones. Also its good for parents because they can call there kids and tell them if they have to walk home or they are getting picked up today