Driverless cars have always seemed like a likely thing for my generations lifetime. In fact, we thought we would be using flying cars by the time we were older. However, it is difficult to decide if driverless cars are a good thing or not. As far as the tests they have run go, the driverless cars seem safer than cars with drivers, and if the cars are fully automated they can reduse factors such as emotions, fatigue, and stress. However, technology can fail, which could lead to the cars being dangerous. I think, though, that driverless cars are a good idea because they can eliminate factors that can lead to humans crashing and they will make transportation easier for the standard person.

The first good thing about driverless cars is that they are not affected by many factors that can affect human drivers. The computers that run the automated cars will not get fatigued, while many people fall asleep at the wheel and can kill others or themselves. Also, these cars will not be affected by emotions such as anger at other drivers, which can lead to aggressive driving and mistakes on the road. Plus, the cars will be able to see almost as much as their human counterparts as long as their radars, such as the LIDAR, are powerful and accurate enough to send an accurate reading back to the computerized vehicle. This will hopefully mean that the driverless cars will crash less because of factors such as emotions and fatigue.

Another reason why driverless cars are a product to look forward ot in the future is that they will be able to form a "taxi system" of driverless cars. This would make transportation more practical and easy for many people. The driverless cars would be more practical for some people because, if they can completely drive themselves, the passengers would not need a liscence or insurance like they would if they were driving the car themselves. However, the car would perform the same duties as a car they might own, unlike other forms of public-transportation. For example, busses cannot pick you up or drop you off at your home, so if the bus stop is not near to your house, it is not reasonable to ride the bus to work or other places. However, the taxi service would be able to pick you up no matter where you were. This would also be helpful if you were stranded somewhere and you needed help.

A final reason why driverless cars are an exciting innovation is that they are much safer than the standard car with a human driver. Google's driverless cars "have driven more than half a million miles without a crash." This is an incredibly high mileage for never having a crash, and it shows that these cars are going to be incredibly safe when they are released to the public. Even thought the cars are still just being tested, they have never had a crash. Granted, the cars are not completely driverless, but the safety of the public is still the most important thing in the minds of many car manufacturing companies. These cars will prevent many people from being killed or injured in car accidents.

All in all, driverless cars are going to be something that will be incredibly helpful in the future. They help to reduce the factors that affect drivers, they will be more a very practical form of transportation, and they seem to be, in general, safer than other vehicles. The advances that have been made in the automobile industry in the last 100 years are truly worthy of our praise. We have come from incredibly basic cars to cars that can drive themselves, for at least some of the time. However, when you look at all the progress that we have made, it forces you to think about what we will come up with next. Maybe, flying cars are not that far away from being a reality.     