On the day of March 2, 2006 a NASA worker Sally Herring was called to be on the news show " All about that news", she was asked to speak with news worker Ted Cruze about the sightings/picutres from Mars of the misterious "face".

As Sally was aproaching the stage of the news studio there was bunches of people in the audience waiting to hear the truth, but Sally was sure most of these people weren't going to hear what they want to hear because a lot of people are wrong with their opinions to this subject.

As the show begun the news reporter Ted Cruze asked the question everyone was waiting for, "Are those pictures from Mars signs that aliens were there and left those misterious faces?" Everyone was in gradual shock ready to hear the truth.

As Sally started to speak she started off talking about how people may think that aliens were the reasons we found these sightings on Mars. For years that is just what people believe, they think aliens were the reason for those faces but from what NASA has to say about it, all these people are wrong.

Most people don't even believe in aliens but if half of their state or city is saying that of course those people will go with the flow. But with the scientific reaserch NASA has done majority of these people are wrong! As the show continued on the crowd was going wild and Ted was shocked himself at was Sally was announcing out about the rare face. People were screaming and being argumentive because so far they are all just completly wrong on what they have been believing. As the show was winding down to the very end there was a quesion from the audience asking Sally how she even knew all this stuff and if it was even true. Sally's response was that everything she knows has been discovered by her and the other workers at NASA, they have all been very curious of what is going on as well as everyone else and so they have been trying their best to do their job and get the truth! Sally finished the news show making sure everyone knew the truth and to make sure she arugued her case. She also made sure that eveyone new that this misterious face was not left from aliens that it was infact just a natural landform we have captured on camera and that her information was very well certified because of course she works with NASA and they all know what their doing!