Most people would think of an electoral collage as a place rather than a system. The Electoral collage was a process that was create to help make voting easier when in fact it complicated things. I agree with with source 2 paragraph 14. paragraph 14 clear states "It's official: The electoral collage is unfair, outdated, and irrational." i am completely convinced that the electoral collage is no longer necessary. There is a lot wrong with it, such as having to trust people to be honest and vote the right way, or simply just discrediting a state because of it population.

With the electoral collage, you are to have state representatives. Your state is to take a majority vote and relay that information to the state representatives. Then the state representatives will then vote according to how the majority persuaded them to vote. However many things can go wrong with this they can simply vote their way or like paragraph 10 states, they can get confused and vote for the wrong candidate.

Due to the fact states have electoral votes based on size and population that one vote could cost the election. on the other hand, the electoral vote are very unfair. i believe everybody should have their own individual say so in elections.

Some of you may believe that this saves time, but in reality everybody has to vote anyway. in fact it takes more time by deciding state representatives and so on and so forth. i really couldn't think of any other reasons you would want such a corrupt system like thus one. this system is obscured.

I guess its all in what you believe. i personally believe this system is outdated. i doubt this system even worked well in the old days. Now-a-days there is some crazy people in this world. it is hard to trust anybody, even family. Also America always preaches against discrimination however they still portray it. the have discrimination against some states because they lack people. however some states choose to lack people so the don't have to become an industrial state. they may want to maintain that farm state feeling. farmers tend to take up a lot of land pushing people away. frankly we still need farmers. just like we need a new system.     