Teacher designed projects and student designed projects differ in many ways. This is mainly because students prefer to create projects based solely upon something they already enjoy and know. Teacher based projects prove to be superior by being both more efficient and a better learning tool than their counterpart and in turn student projects prove to be inferior mainly because students prefer to complete projects based on something they already know, then learning something new. Teacher based projects can be proved more superior by using current event, historical, and personal examples.

In today's world students are proving to be more disobedient and disrespectful. This is mainly related to teachers trying to make students more independent and self relying, which is important, but can also be a challenge in the workplace and towards authoritative figures. Teachers are placing more student designed projects in their curriculum and in turn is showing students that everything in life will be suited specifically to their wants and needs, which is false. Teacher designed projects teach students to be independent and self relying, but they also teach them to research and learn and that some things aren't always specifically based on their preferences. A current event example that directly correlates to this problem is the phrase "boomer." This word is directed towards the Baby Boomer Generation and is used to describe the independent and self relying seniors who dont agree with the way the schooling system is operated. This generation lived in a time where authority was the key figure across the nation and it was not to be disrespected or major consequences would occur.

Further along, the years, decades, and centuries, times change and society grows either for the better or worse. A major system that has changed along the years is the schooling system and a major factor in this change is teachers allowing more student based projects, instead of teacher based projects. This is a major turn for the worse because students are taking advantage of this and aren't learning anything new for themselves, which is creating more volatile and unintelligent individuals. A historical example that relates more to the way the schooling was before this was the Brown v. Board of Education case. Although, this was a terrible time of segregated schools it was the Brown family who took independence when no one would stand with them and they took the fight to the Supreme Court for their well deserved equality and civil right. However, it would be another grueling, sad 20 years until this was accomplished it can be believed that the way the curriculum was taught related to the way this family was courageous enough to complete this task.

In my personal experience I have yearned for the chance to create a student based project. However, I have learned that teacher based projects are more informational and they give students the chance to learn something new. A direct example of this would be when I was issued a student designed project my tenth grade summer and at first I found it interesting until I received a hundred percent on it. This made me realize that I wasn't learning anything by doing this student based project and that it was more important to create something more challenging and less suited for my taste. I thank my teacher for this opportunity to learn about the major differences in teacher and student based projects and for the chance to learn more efficiently.

Teacher based projects prove to be superior according to many people. They are also a better learning tool and they create a more efficient learning environment for students. Without these projects students would be less obedient and wouldn't show as much respect to their authoritative figures. These projects are able to play a major factor in the curriculum taught by the schooling systems. And they are important to the growth of young individuals.                           