i think its dumb and i do not agree because its dumb no one likes extra stuff in school because its boring . its boring just because its boring and no one likes it. just because no one likes it . extra activities are boring because its to extra because its extra and boring. its boring just because its boring and no one likes it. just because noone likes it . extra activities are boring because its to extra because its extra and boring. its boring just because its boring and no one likes it. just because no one likes it . extra activities are boring because its to extra because its extra and boring. its boring just because its boring and no one likes it. just because no one likes it . thats all the reasons its boring and i think its boring because it is boring . there should be less activites and more time for home because its better for u then school . unless the activities like recess or sum like that otherwise its the most boring thing ever because its boring. no one will ever like it because its boring and thats how it is in my mind that its just boring and another reason is because theres already to many activites in school so there should be less then there is . if there gonna add a activity it should be for teachers to learn how to teach students if anything because no teachers accually teach all they do is Ã‚Â¨oh write this oh write that and ill grade it Ã‚Â¨ they clearly dont know how to teach so they should learn in my opinion like go back to teaching school and thats facts. only teachers ive seen that know how to teach are civics/ history teachers everyone else dosent know anything about how to teach in the school system and need reteached on how to be a teacher i know more then the computer teacher then anything she does with computers if it was me there would be only 5 grades of school and more teachers accually capable of doing there job why have a extra spot open for a bad teacher with a extra activity it makes no sense for that to happen. the principal would just be wasting his time because it would be nothing anyone likes because noone likes school so why have 1 extra thing that just makes no sense .