Although summer is considered as a break from school, it is a rather perfect opportunity for students to continue working on assignments in order to keep the ideas they learned over the course of the year fresh in their minds before they head back. To do this, many schools are adopting mandatory summer projects for students to complete before their next school year will begin. These projects will stimulate critical thinking and sharpen the skills that students have learned in their previous year. Although many parents think that teachers know the capabilities of their student, which is why they should be the ones to design it, it should be student designed because students are more likely to understand their peers' schedule and difficulties in the content; by making them student designed, these projects will successfully, and efficiently, accomplish their purpose.

Even though many teachers claim that they are very close with their students, in truth, they do not know much about what their students do. During the summer, aside from going on family vacations and other recreational activities, many students have responsibilities like volunteer work, internships, jobs, taking care of siblings, and etc. that take up a lot of time out of their day. Teachers do not know a student's life outside of academics and will therefore not consider these aspects of their life. As a result, teachers will most likely design a project that could be very time consuming and strenuous for students. However, if the project is student-designed, it would be designed knowing that students have other responsibilities outside of of academics. With the schedule of a student in mind, the project will be designed in a way that will be evenly spread out content wise, with enough time to complete each assignment.

Although teachers argue that they have taught for many years and they know the weak points students have for certain topics, they are all basing it off of statistics. Just because students on average found a certain topic difficult does not mean that all will; and some will find a different one difficult. By gathering a group students, the students will be able to pin point which topics are easy and which will require more explaining. Additionally even if teachers were able to successfully identify which topics are troublesome for students, they will not be able to solve the issue present in the most simplest way. Recently the demand for tutors is growing and the reason is that is many of these tutors are young. They have only recently finished their studies. But most importantly, their age gap between their tutees, the students that tutors help, is a measly couple of years, compared to the decades of years between students and teachers. Because of this minuscule age gap, these tutors understand a student's difficulties better. They have gone through the problems that their tutee is going through very recently. As result of this, unlike teachers who will provide a lengthy explanation that was told to them by their professors many years prior, tutors will explain how to solve these problems more efficiently and accurately. Similarly, that is why students, knowing where their peers' difficulties lay, will be able to able to create assignments that are specifically targeted towards students and their success in the content.

With these summer projects, students will successfully master their acquired skills from the previous year and get a head start in their studies for their year to come. Due to this, students will face a smooth transition from their prior grade to their next. Additionally, by making these projects student designed, the projects will not interfere in their day to day activities during the summer and will provide assignments that will efficiently target students' weak areas and strengthen them. Both of these goals will be met by including enough time each assignment and including easy to follow videos, created by students, explaining difficult topics.         