On the matter of "driverless cars", I would advocate for their developement. These cars are the technology of the future. They are bringing this civilization closer and closer to a new level of technological advancement. This advancement would not only create a mammoth break through in modern day technology, but would also change the way we live our day to day lives as a worldwide culture. Despite this product being a bit more of a want than a necessity for the time being, I believe that they should continue to be improved and developed.

Driverless cars have been the seemingly unattainable, next level of fantastic futuristic technology for many people for decades now. In the 1950s, General Motors created the first car that could drive without a human at the wheel. AT that time, it would have been difficult to believe that such technology of a car that could drive itself with no type of polarized track below it would have been possible. Three decades later in the 1980s, the first speed sensors had been placed in wheels in order to provide drivers with an heightened break accuracy. Not even ten years later, those same sensors had become so advanced as to now provide drivers with the added safety of a car who could respond to the danger of out-of-control skidding. Furthermore, by the 2000s, radars that at one point had costed millions, could be found in your regular old run-of-the-mill car for your local dealer ship, ready for the purchase of any regular civillian. WIth all of this improvement in a car's safety and reliability, not only can countless lives be saved on the road with this technology, but the more it is improved upon, the less room there is for the common human error in driving, which unfortunately leads to thousands of lives being lost yearly to traffic accidents. While the current "driverless" cars still require some human skills when travelling through complex road conditions, with continuing developement, eventually the accuracy of the computers' driving skills will rival that of human intelligence. This can be predicted by looking at the accuracy and speed of reaction when looking at an automated calculator in comparison to a human arithmatic. As time has progress, so has technology up to the point where it surpasses human intelligence and reaction speed, and in the case of these new cars, would make it generally safer for the extremely accurate computers to do the driving, rather than humans, who would make a great many more faults when it comes to driving safely and accurately. The only major issue that could arise is the problematic moment in which a "driverless" car's system would break. This would leave not only the passenger in the car in danger depending on the severity of the car failure, but it would also leave the other communters on the road in danger as well.

In conclusion, if these "driverless" cars are allowed to continue to be tested and improved upon, countless lives will be saved and human efficiency will increase. As this fantastic technology is improved upon, the negative aspects of trial and error, restrictive laws, and cost will only decrease. As for the future, human culture as we know it will change to alot this new technological enhancement into our everday lives, and in the process, potentially save thousands of individuals with ever purchase of a new "smart" car.