Not everyone can do things without any help. Some people need others to support them. When you make difficult choices, you always want advice before it actually happens. Sometimes people aren't sure of themselves, and they might not think that only one person is trustworthy enough. People talk to more than one person for advice because they want to make a better choice. They want to hear what other people have experienced, their personal feelings about the situation, the pros and cons, how they view everything, so they don't feel anxious about it as much. No one wants to do something when they don't know what will come out of it, and not only one person can help them. Sometimes people just need more assurance before they do something big, and talking to more people helps them a lot more than one person can alone. People talk to more than one person because they want their choice to be the best and most beneficial choice no matter what.

Everyone has lived a different life, whether you were rich or poor, healthy or ill, no one has lived the same life as another. When you need help making a choice, you talk to people because they haven't lived exactly like you. They haven't lived exactly like anyone. I would need to know what other people have spectated or experienced when they have had to make a choice similar to mine because I don't want one person to help. I want more people to help advise me because they might have experienced more than I have. You get more wisdom to make your choice when you hear more experiences. They view things differently than someone else. Getting more than one opinion makes sure you don't hear just point of view. It opens your eyes to many other things instead of being one-sided. Everyone has experienced different things in their lives, so not a single opinion alone will be correct. You would need many experiences to truly know what can happen from your choice.

People have anxiety when making hard choices. They always think of all the things that could go wrong in the process. Talking to one person doesn't always help, some people might think their opinion isn't enough. I don't always trust my opinion or my judgment. I need others to make me feel safe and secure, so that I can really trust what I'm doing. I don't want to make a choice when I'm anxious because then I will regret it later. I know I wouldn't be in the right mindset to make a choice if I'm anxious, so talking to more than one person would relieve most of my stress and anxiety. If you talk to only one person, you only get one of everything. You don't know everything that might happen, so you don't really know if you're doing the best thing. No one should make a choice when they are not sure about it. They should always feel that their choice was the best that they could have done. When you talk to more than one person, you know more the possible outcomes. You don't think about everything that can go wrong, but instead you think about all the things that you're doing right. You make your choice in the best mindset when you're not anxious.

You always want to know the pros and cons of things, but it is normally hard to find them on your own. Talking to one person doesn't always help because they are also just one person. Putting multiple minds together to think of pros and cons will give spectacular outcomes. Sometimes I need all the facts, pros, and cons. My mind and others needs help to come up with these pros and cons because we have a lot on our minds already about making the decision itself. We would be preparing to actually do it. I know I wouldn't be able to do it all on my own. I know I would need multiple people to help me because sometimes people aren't feeling their best. They might not be able to help you find all the pros and cons, but bringing together multiple people ensures that you get the facts you want. I wouldn't want to make a choice without knowing the cons of it. I want to know all the bad things that might happen even if it's for the best so that I can prepare for it. You would also get more detailed and possibly more profound pros and cons. You get all the facts when you work with more people, because more minds means more knowledge.

Everyone needs a support system, whether it's family or friends. When you ask for advice, you go to multiple people for help. You ask them for things to help you make your choice. I want people behind me to help me after I make my choice. If the choice knocks me down in any way, I want people to be there to support me. If I talk to multiple people, I know all of those people will help me if I fall. No one wants to feel alone after their choice. I would only make a tough choice if I was certain I had at least one person to help me. If I talked to more than one person, I know at least one of them will be able to support me because they helped me. They know what I was going through when I was making this choice. Talking to more than one person ensures that you have at least one person to fall back on after you made your choice.

No one knows if they're doing the right thing. Sometimes they don't trust them self, sometimes they're too anxious, and sometimes they just need more people to support them. Talking to more people helps you make the best choice. You know what you're doing is for the best. You know that you heard what might happen, you've seen things through other points of view, you aren't anxious when you make your choice, and you know people have your back. Talking to more people helps you make a better choice because no one can do everything alone. If you talk to more people, you trust them and yourself even more. You know what you're up against and you know what will come out of it. Asking more than one person for advice does wonders for you.

After you talk to people you trust, you know what you're doing is the best you can do, and you know that your choice gives you the best outcome possible.                    