So you want to do a extracurricular activity? If you want to do an activity, There are many different thing to do like Sports,Yearbooks work,or serve on the student council. So i say you should go and get a extracurricular activity it would be fun!

First, let's say you want to do sports, There are plenty of sports like Basketball, Track, Soccer, Baseball, Football its endless. In as result as you play sports it would be enjoyable. I went to play basketball and i had a blast it was fun to play with my friends and me However, let's say you don't like basketball and you would rather prefer Track You can do that! track can help you in different ways like your running. Track is also entertaining as well There is also football who does not enjoy football it is a sport that i love to watch,play etc football is a excellent sport because 1 It can make your body healthy and fit. 2 If your extremely good at the game you can make a lot of money off it. thats why you should play sports.

Secondly, What if you want to do yearbook, the yearbook could be a excellent idea because you can take pictures also have all your friends in the yearbook and take pictures of them with you making memories with them. Also there are reading clubs i you love reading this is the right club for you because reading you can explore different books and the adventure could be exciting for you and others with this club to the libraries that can show new books could make your jaw drop because they know you would love the reading club it will be awesome.

Finally, If you don't want to do any of those you can serve as the student council, as a result you will have to council others. And you can try to help anyone that needs help you can understand students better when someone has a problem you can try to help them fix it, make things easier with them to support them with thing that can make them happier. Also it can make you just as happy as them because you the one who is helping them to just be kind and nice is the best feelings ever to make someones day can boost your confidence and theirs. So if your ever trying to decide what extracurricular you want to do these are some that can get you into the activity you would want to do.                        