Dear TEACHER_NAME,

There has been a lot of controversy on weather to require all children of SCHOOL_NAME to perform community service and although this would be good in some ways this would be worse for many reasons, because it lessens the time for extra curricular activities, makes community service seem as it is work rather than something you chose to do and because it takes time away from homework and other school work we are required to perform at home.

My first reason is that forcing children to work on community service is that it takes time away from extra curricular activities. It's a common known fact that America has problems with obesity. Making kids do community service would definitely take time off of children's clock that they could be doing active activities like working out or playing a sport. This would increase obesity rates in America even more, causing the life span of children in this Country to shrink.

My second point is that forcing children to do community service makes it seem more like work, rather than if you didn't it would seem like something you do for fun, like a hobby. Community service is something that should be done because kids want to help other kids, the environment or those who need help. This wouldn't only make the amount of work done plummet, but also the quality of the work. If a kid is performing community service and is really enjoying himself, he is much more likely going to get a lot done and it is going to be very good quality work.

My third, and final point is that forcing children to perform community service is taking time away from children's school work or studying at home. There is no doubt that children in this very room that I'm writing this paper in are struggling to pass the 8th grade. Forcing them to do community service would only increase the number of failing students at SCHOOL_NAME. This would not only be problematic for the children that are failing, but would also hurt this schools' reputation of having good academic program.

In conclusion forcing children to perform community service would be problematic for three reasons, because it lessens the time for extra curricular activities, makes community service seem as it is work rather than something you chose to do and because it takes time away from homework and other school work we are required to perform at home.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME, student of SCHOOL_NAME.