After reading this article, I have grown a nutreal side of this topic. The reason why is becuase I found a liking for the discovery, but there is also some things that I dislike as well. This tech can become useless and useful in many situations.

One reason why this is a good piece of technology is for court cases or things such as that. People could check if a persons emotions are set of fear, anger, sadness, and other emotions as well. If this technology becomes advaced we could see if a person is lieing just by their facial actions. This could help court cases become justified and more crimes solved.

A reason why this is bad is due to people and their privacy. I would like it to be scanned just to see my emotions, many people would agree with me on this as well. People who could get their hands on this could use it too much or go over the top with this tech. Also, since there is people who probobly don't like this type of technology, they would throw a fit it they would have to use it.

Also another reason why this is bad is the portablity of this technology. For this to work they would need a high end computer to check someone, and not everyone can just wheel in a computer like that and check someones emotions out of the labatory. This technology is usless without a lab becuase you need a lot of tech to do this expierment on someone.

Another reason why I partly side with this technology is for old painting, such as this article explains. The artcile talks about finding the emotions of one of the most world wide known paintings in the world, the Mona Lisa. We could find out people emotions from years ago, dating back from the first detailed paintings. This could also work on not just paintings, but old photos. Imagine seeing what emotions people had in pictures from World War 1 or other wars. Seeing this could bring a new sight into history.

One of my most favorite reasons why we need this is for classrooms. Many people get bored in school, so this computing could help out. The article claims that it could tell if a student is bored or confused, and could change the way the lesson is in seconds. This could help kids out with learing and could future their education. But with that computers would have to understand if a student is making a face to confuse the computer into thinking the kid is confused or not, because we all know that one student that would play with the computer to mess up peoples education for the day.

Another bad reason for this is becuase people could fake their emotions. Many people know how to act on stage, so they could easily do that to a computer to fake their emotions. This could trick computers to doing things that it really shouldn't. This means that this technology could become tricked, making it usless in many situations.

A good reason for this is for advertising. The article states that ads can be modifyed to show things that make you happy and could make you purchase it. If you see a ad you don't like you won't get ads like those anymore, insted it will supply ones that will possibly make you happy, if you still don't like those ads, the process will repeat will you do find a interesting ad. This could lead to higher sales, but also lower sales.

Lastly, my final reason is how hard it will be to access this tech. It states in the article that a home PC will not be able to handle to algorithims to understand facial emotions. Many people will not be able to expirement with this nor use it at all. So this technology will not be know to the public unlike other technology.

All in all, this technology will recive mixed opinions, manly due to the fact that people will not be able to get their hands on it unlike phones, laptops, PC's, and consoles. This item can be very useful, but needs to be polished to be absolutely useful in every situation. This technology will grow as long as they work hard enough to make this tech one-hundered percent useful in this world.