Dear state senator,

I am writing to you to argue in favor of changing the Electoral vote to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. There are numerous claims regarding this issue, supporting both sides. In an extremely convincing essay by Bradford Plumer,

Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong , this very concerning issue is brought forth. The beginning of the passage starts with giving basic facts about the literal construction of the process. Then,  this essay goes on to explain why they believe that this very process is not the best method to select the president of the United States. Supporting the opposite side of this argument,

Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President , by Richard A. Posner. Just as it is said, he simply states and explains five major reasons why he and many other believe that this method should remain being used. Although I strongly believe that the Electoral College should be discontinued, I do resspect the other side's opinions and mean no disrepect.

To begin this argument, the Electoral College is a process established by the Founding Fathers in the Constitution. It compromises the election of the President by a vote in Congress ang election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. Ther are 538 electors in the Electoral College, and only a majority of 270 votes are needed to win the election. Every candidate that is running for the President has there own group of electors, which are chosen by that candidate's political party.

There are many reasons that lead me to believe that the Electoral College should be abolished as soon as possible. This method even lost the presidency vote according to a Gallup poll in 2000. The main reason many others and I are against this method is this; citizen voters vote not for the actual president of the United States, but for a slate of electors, which actual do the real voting and electing of the president. Also, there are numerous different groups that even pick the electors in the first place. Overall, there are plenty of other reasons that this method is unjust and unreasonable, but it simply could not all fit in one letter. I do hope that you take this concern very seriously and do your best to make the change you desire.

PROPER_NAME    