Teachers should be the ones to design our summer projects for many different reasons. They know what is needed for us to know by the time the next school year comes around, most of the time they have a better understanding of what we need to learn , and if kids were to design the summer projects they will most likely forget many factors or make it too easy and not put as much effort into it. These summer projects help and make sure kids are still learning and not forgetting everything that they have been taught throughout the school year.

Teachers should gather together and create the summer projects based off what they know that we will need to know for the upcoming years. This can be really helpful because most kids think that some things we learn will not be useful or won't do us any good but the only ones who really know what will be needed for the years to come, are the teachers. This can be such an advantage for the students and teachers. Instead of the teachers spending so much time in the beginning of the year going back over what we learned the year before they can just get right into the lesson because what needed to be reviewed has already been refreshed in our memories over the summer because of the project. By teachers creating the summer project, it can help make class time more valuable and it can help spend less time on reviewing things from previous years.

If the students were to design the summer project way more things would come into effect, like how the project will be graded, what is on there vs. what should've been on there, and everything important we left off. As students we dont know what we need to learn that is clearly why we are being taught. Teachers have the best way of helping us understand what we need to learn and most of the time they know what is best for our learning. That is why we have teachers, so we can be taught what we need to know. Students all have different ways of learning, and yes not every teacher is can cater to every student and teach them the way they needed to be taught but at the end of the day the teachers are the ones who help us the most with our education and teach us the important things we need to know. Not every student can just come up with a summer project already knowing everything that should be incorporated into it. Teachers have a much better understanding of what needs to be taught and what we need to go over so we can understand it better and know our material.

A big part in learning for many students is being challenged. Do you really think if a student designed the summer project that it will be challenging ? or will it be so easy that it doesn't really help the student grasp the concept of the material ? Many students find ways to do just the bare minimum to get them by, or they find ways to get the project done without really knowing what they are even being taught or to get it done without knowing what they are really doing. Many teachers find or have many different ways to help students understand what is being taught and also make sure that student is actually trying and getting by so easy. Most students will do what they have to do to get them by and that isnt really helping us learn.

In conclusion it is in the best interests of most students if the teachers make the summer projects because they have a much better understanding of what can help us and what we need to know for the upcoming school year. In most classes the teachers spend the beginning of the school year going over material from the previous year, if the teacher makes the summer the project they can easily see what we do need to go over and what we dont and it can save us so much time in the classroom to learn new things instead of going over what we already know and have been taught. 