Extracurricular activities are extremely fun. For example, in my opinion I love being in a extracurricular activity. After a while of being in a extracurricular activity you get very stressed. Extracurricular activities are sports, working on the yearbook, or serving on the student council. The principal at Generic_School has decided that all students must participate in a activity, but not everyone agrees with his decision. I disagree that all students must participate in a extracurricular activity because not all students have the time to be in a extracurricular activity, and students have less time in their regular classes.

To being with, I disagree that all students must participate in a activity because not all students have the time to be in a activity. A extracurricular activity is useless for some of the students. According to teachers students get stress having to deal with an activity at school. Students worry about the activities and could get distracted. More projects or work having to deal with. Also most students are not very interested in sports, working on the yearbook, or serving on the student council. Students could also stress parents with projects and more work from the activities that they have to deal with. For example, my friend Generic_Name gets stressed with the work he already has in class and a extracurricular activity would not be very helpful for him.

Furthermore, students would have less time in their regular helpful classes. Having less time in their regular classes makes teachers also stress. Teachers have less time in class to teach students what they need to learn. Students learn less and goof more around in the activities. The grades of students could decrease badly because they are not learning enough. Also not all students are caught up in class and they would have less time in class to finish their makeup work. For example, some students do not show up to school and they would not have much time to catch up with the work that other students have finished in class.

Additionally, I disagree that all students at Generric_School should be required to be in a extracurricular activity. Once my friend Generic_Name was in two extracurricular actives he was very stressed after only two weeks. He had so much work he owed and did not have enough time in class to catch up. So my friend Generic_Name decided to convince his principle to take the extracurricular activities away. The reason was because the activities made students stress to much. I do not agree that all students must participate in a extracurricular activity because not all students have the time to deal with a extracurricular activity, and students have less time in their regular classes.