Using technology to read student,s emotional expressions some student's are bored some sleeping and some stressing doing the test but the others are happy and working in the test averyone has the percent of the emotional.

taking about Eckman i classified some basic emotions too people now are bored, sleeping, stress, sad, and fear because they want to pass the test and do good this work everyone has something in hi's face.

The facial expressions shows some emotional like happy , anger ect.

every day we have differnt caract or diferent emotional feeling and i don't know how Monna Lisa can be really intended tom bring a smile for us face. i thonk i cant recognize how my best friend feeling is just lokking her eyes cause i know her i and I know when she is happy, sad, bored, confusedand fear, I think people show the feelings but some people can's see because they don't care about it. I think that techonology is a great idea for us or some people who want to know feeling about some people important in their life. I think every emotional has one special moment sometimes are not special but its life and we can't do something abou it. Sonetines we have mixed of emotions like the Monna Lissa. She look happy but at the same time serious. Her smile look like different she can't smile like us. The reson of that is now she is just a painting. Leonardo da Vinci's paint the Monna Lisa but he die that the reason she doens't have the aye browns and thats why she sook serious. That is the reason she look like with different emotional feeling cause she don't have eye browns and she look likr that. we can see the movements in the people face and we can take an idea of how they are or how feeling and emotional are the face show everything. My conclussion is everyone have different emotional but if we want to know their feeling or emotional we need to stay with that person we need to meet the people spend time with him/her we can't say oh I need that techonology to see my wife feeling or my husband felling or a fried I mean is a good techonology but we need to spend time with the person the techonology can't do everything to us. We have the option let the techonology do that for us or do that for people if we really care about his feeling or emotional. For me the better option is the second one meet the people and ask some question to show the special boy or girls they are special for me and i want know more about him.

I like how the techonology work but we need to do the staff for us. 