Dear Principle,

I personally don't think it is a very good idea to make it where kids with C average grades cant play sports and do other activities they like after school. A C is still a passing grade, and even a D is a passing grade. There are many people in college that I know who have C' s and they are doing great. If you made it to where kids with C grades couldn't play sports it would may make some of them try a little bit harder but it may also make some just give up and not even try to do sports and after school activities.

If the school did set this rule up then there would probably only be nine or ten kids that would actually be involved in the activities themselves. I said earlier that a D is still a passing grade, and it is. I mean it definitely isn't best passing grade, but it is better than an F. F stands for fail. This rule they could put up is basically saying "if your not a straight A student, then you cant do anything fun".

Now this is all just my opinion on it all, there are a lot of facts involved to of what it would do to the school and its community though. Like it is said, many students have a grade C average. When I say many I mean a lot! I am also one of those students who has a grade C average so that's puts me on the side of not liking this idea. But then again, many straight A students wouldn't like this idea either.

The reason I say that many straight A students wouldn't like this idea is because they would probably seem to be labeled as nerd's even more than they already, dumbly enough, are. With kids having to have a B average and over all these years you would just have to have a C average, it would just mess everything up. After school sports and activities shouldn't have to be "hard" to get into, and this idea would make it really hard.

That's just it, it would be a bad idea to make C average graded kids not able to play sports. There are many kids who have a C average and that is a perfectly good passing grade. What would be the actual point to doing this anyway? School is hard enough for it is the twenty first century, and making it even harder and more stressful would be bad. To sum it all up, making kids with C average grades not able to play sports is a terrible idea.

Thank you for your time!