TEACHER_NAME

SCHOOL_NAME

Boardman, OH 44512

Dear TEACHER_NAME;

Many students argue that community service is nothing that requires them, but many adults and some students feel it is an important part of our world, and it's an activity that everyone can participate in. Everyone needs to help change the world, and I agree that community service is a big deed that students should be taking a part of, but a lot of students claim they don't have enough time. Doing little things like walking your neighbors dog, or help babysit your cousins is enough for students who have extracurricular activities, and boat loads of homework. Many students do participate in community service, and many also do extracurricular activities.

The main reason students say that they cannot participate in community services is because they play sports, or are on the dance team, or in English festival. They participate in something extracurricular, therefore they don't have the time between games and practices to balance out there schedule and their grades.

The students grades are another important reason to either decide if or if you cannot participate in community services, let alone extracurricular activities. I think if there is a student or students who do not participate in any extra activities, and keep there grades up, I think they can be a part of community services, as well as other students who participate in the activities, outside of school hours. I think the school should have a sign up sheet which requires every student to sign up for a community service. Now, not all community services are giving away food to the homeless, it's a simple thing such as tutoring a younger student, or cleaning up the lunchroom so all the volunteers who prepared the lunch don't have another burden on their shoulders.

I think all students should do something for the community not just at home, but maybe the school can volunteer and help with the community service. Every student should do at least 2 community services. Maybe one at home and one at school. Just because some kids are complaining that they have to much homework or to many practices doesn't mean that they can't throw in a little extra time for the community. Go to study hall or try to get some of your work done in school, instead of talking. If you are struggling with school work, then try to focus on that and then go towards the community services once your ready and caught up with school work.

Now my opinion is that all students should participate in some sort of community services and still be able to balance out there grades and conflicting schedules. Everyone needs to be flexible, and try to help out the community for a change. It should be required, and every student should be able to handle a little community services. Thank you for taking the time to read this.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME