My mother always said, "You will never learn if you stay at home, go to school to learn more things." Math, English, history, and science are some classes that students need to learn. If students take classes from home, then student will not learn so they will not benefit from it. Students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes at home because student will gain less exercise, students will get less social communication, and student will be less focus.

Many claim, students will benefit if they are able to attend classes at home because they will feel more comparable. However,students will not learn anything even if they feel more comparable at home. Clearly, students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes at home.

To begin, students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes at home because students will gain less exercise. For example, Generic_Name, who attend classes at home before, said that he will get less exercise, now that he goes to school he gets more exercise than before. To further detail, two friends, Generic_Name and Generic_Name, both attend classes at home before, they would both say that they would gain very little exercise before going to school. Clearly, students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes at home because students will gain less exercise.

Additionally,students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes at home because students will get less social communication. For example,

Generic_Name, a girl who use to attend classes at home, would not communicate much with other students at first, after some time she is able to communicate with other students. To further detail, Generic_Name, would talk very little to other students because he use to take classes at home, after a while he would talk to other students. Clearly, students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes at home because students will get less social communication.

Lastly, students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes at home because student will be less focus. For example, Generic_Name ,a student who attend classes at home, had to difficult time focusing on the lesson at home, some later she began to understand the lessons. To further detail, Generic_Name had a terrible time focusing on the lessons when he toke classes home, he said that his surrounding was very distracting. Clearly, students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes from at because student will be less focus.

To concluded, student will gain less exercise, have less communication experience, and will be less focus on lessons are reasons why students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes at home. These three argument state why students will not benefit if they are able to attend classes from home. If students attend classes at home then student will not learn a home. There is one option: students should not attend classes at home.