The article "Driverless cars are coming" is a very encouraging on the behalf of driverless cars. these cars would be very helpful to those who text and drive. Sergey Brin, cofounder to Google believes that soon noone should even need cars.

In 2009,Google had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions. their cars have drieven more than half a million miles without crashing, but these cars aren't exactly completely driverless. For example, if you were to buy a driverless car you'd stil have to stay alert, like any other non-driverless car, but you'd be able to take your eyes off the road for about 30 seconds. If you'll have to pay attention to the car as its driving, you'd have better luck just driving it yourself. if theres an accident, traffic issues,or roadwork, you'll end up being the one who has to drive for who knows how long. i think that i'd have better luck just driving on my own.

People have been fascinated with driverless cars since the late 1950's. For example, in the late 1950's, General Motors created a concept car that could run on a soecial track. this track had been embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. Engineer at Berkeley tried the same thing but this time they used magnetics with alternating polarity. The car would read positive and negative polarity messages in Binary code. The "smart-road" systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to the existing roads, but they were way to expensive.

In the 1980's automakers would use speed sensors at the wheel in the creation of antilock breaks. Within 10 years, these sensors had become more advanced to detect and resopnd to danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine. this alowed better response and control than any human could manage alone.

Sebastian Thrun, founder of the google car project, believes that the technology has finally began to catch up to the dreams. Before the 2000's, they didn't have all the sensors, the computers, or the mapping. the Radar was a device that cost two hundred thousand milion dollars.

In 2013, BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant." This car could handle driving speeds up to 25 mph. This car had special touch sensors to make sure thatthe driver keeps their hands on the wheel. The cars could steer,accelerate, and brake themselves, but if there were any traffic incidents, the car would require human skills. This means that the driver would have to stay alert as if they were driving. To keep the driver alert, GM has developed seats that vibrate the driver's seat when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. The google the car announces when the driver should be prepared to take over the wheel. Also, other options for the cars driver to stay alert is flashing on the windshield and on the heads up displays. Manufacturing is also considering cameras to watch the driver or make sure that they are remaining focused on the road. I don't believe that a want a car watching me when i know its somebody else video taping me and my family. Think of how akward that would feel having a computer watch your every move in your car.

They think that the driver would get tired of waiting on their turn to drive. If you are a 15, 16, or 17 year old teenager who is figuring out how to drive,you'll get tired of waiting to drive, you'll be ready to put your hands on the wheel and show everyone that you've grown up. Dr. Werner, a BMW project manager driver says that "we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way." Some Manufactures hope to do that by bringin in car entertainment. THe purpose of the driverless car is to help texting and driving, this helps by keeping more teens out of accidents.

In my conclusion i think that driverless cars would be a waste of time because you'll still have to be alert, they'll puit camera's in your car and people shouldn't be texting and driving anyway, if its that important to text they should of took the bus. 