Some people may think these summer projects should be student - designed because , students can be more creative with what they want to do , students work best when they can do their own project their way , and they can ask a friend or a relative to help them with the project over the summer .

Some people may think these summer projects should be student - designed because , students can be more creative with what they want to do . This will help students in a large way because , every time students get assigned a project it's what the teacher want them to do , this time the project is going to be about what the students want to do . It's a bigger chance of a student getting a better grade on the project because , they can do a project about sports , music , hobbies , and things students like to do during off time . If the project was teacher - designed , students will have to do projects about math , social studies , and science , things that students wouldn't want to do a project on because it's less fun and boring .

Students work best when they can do their own project their way . Students work best when they can do their own project their way because , a lot of students dislike when the teacher want them to do a project their way and the project is about something they dislike doing , and the teacher have things set up their way . Students will also like to do they project on their own , so they can be more focused about what they want to do , not what the teacher wants to do .

If a student was to ask a friend or a relative to help them with their project over the summer , it would be better for the student because , that friend or relative could be really good in a subject or maybe something your not good at and they can help you with that subject or that one thing your not good at but they are .

In conclusion , some people may think these summer projects should be student - designed because , students can be more creative with what they want to do , students work best when they can do their own project their way , and students can ask a friend or a relative to help them with the project over the summer .