Should drivers use their phones while driving

Should drivers be able to use their phone in shape form or fashion? No because it's a distraction to anyone, no matter how skilled they are. It is a safety hazard for the people you share the road with and to yourself. The leading cause of a wreck is because of drivers are paying attention to their phones and not the road. One the other hand if there is an actual emergency and you need to answer it pull over as soon as possible.

How many times have you been in the car and you look around and see people using their phones while driving? A lot of times, am I correct? Of Course I am around about 10% of drivers use their phone while driving, during the holiday that number increase a whole 15%. About 26% of accidents are caused by people using their phones while being behind the wheel.

In the state of Georgia there is a law called the hands free law. Which states that driver a prohibited to have their cellular devices in their possession while driving. So with that being said that backes my argument up even more. And it isn't just Georgia there is so many other states that have it to. So we all know if the government has a law on it its a real problem. If caught breaking this law you can be written a ticket 50 dollars or more depending if its is your first offence or not.

Now there are some moments when you just have to use your phone. Like when you are switching a song. Or even when you know its an emergency and you just have to answer it. If you are a parent and you child text saying they need you because they're not feeling well, have to text them back because they are not allowed to really use their phone in school so you can't call them.

So therefore drivers should not be able to use their phones while driving. It is a distraction. It is one of the leading causes for car accidents. It is also a very expensive ticket so I encourage drivers to stay away from their phones while driving. Unless you absolutely need to use it.

1            