Electing a new president of the United States of America has been, and always will be, a big deal. One could be a state senator, a member of the legislative branch, or even an average citizen with zero involvement in governmental jobs/issues. The one thing that ties all of these people together - is that they're all citizens. As citizens, these people will care about who is running their country, what plans they have for it, and how those plans are carried out. Therefore, on behalf of the U.S., it is important to elect the correct person to rule a nation and keep it safe. The Electoral College is a flawed system used to elect presidents, and the American voting system should be based on popular vote. A few reasons being that the votes of the Electoral College outweigh the votes of an everyday citizen, and that the Electoral College basically has the final say in who becomes the president of the United States of America.

One of the things that is wired throughout all three sources, is that electoral votes basicallly overpower the votes of the average citizen. When the average citizen does vote, however, their vote does not go toward the president. Their vote goes to the Electoral College, who then vote for the president. "[...] it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote" (Posner 16). According to an article (that supports the Electoral College), the winner of an election can win without owning the popular votes of an entire nation. Basically, all that a candidate even needs is the majority votes of the Electoral College in order to win an election. "[...] according to a Gallup pole in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore - thanks to the quirks of the electoral college - won the popular vote but lost the presidency[...]" (Plumer 9). Collecting the votes of the Electoral College is the only concern of a candidate - therefore the only reason that candidates speak to the people is to influence them to cast votes for the Electoral College, which then cast votes for that candidate. "[...] Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes [...]" (Posner 18). It's as if the people are just physical steps that electoral voters use to get to the person that the Electoral college wants to be the president of the U.S.

"Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always" (Plumer 10). As mentioned in the article by Richard A. Posner, members of the Electoral College are chosen and expected to vote for their party's nominee. However, people don't always deliver what we expect from them. It is completly possible for an elector to change their mind, and cast their finalizing vote toward the opposite candidate. These members cast their votes directly to the candidate, and they can easily change their vote.                       