Planing. Can the tecnologic read face of the emocion of human. Scientit are makeing computer to keeping growing u. The most comun expression is the paint of Mona Lisa Smile. This paint can be express the emotion of happy, sadness and same more. The computer can read your face with your own muscle.

"Dr. Huang and his collenge are experts at developing better ways for human and computers to communicate". The main computer are growing up to be able accepting human. In the past nobody know the real face of tecnologic. The scientits are proving evidents the human can comunite witha none human. In other way the expression to seem a emotion through a computer is complice to understand, but the reason to develop the tectologic is to understand the human.

"She'83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. It's the subject of leonardo de Vinci's Renaissance painting."This argument can be decription of Leanardo's paint. The Mona Lisa Smile can be dectetive by a computer too. The way to decribe the same way. The happyness of the paint can tranfer us. She is happy but the same way to be happy is afear to do a mistake . The computer are showing work to be able to do it. The paint is the best work of Leonedo because is showing the real face of the human.

"Yet Dr. Huang OBserves that artists such as da Vinci studies human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to covery specific emotions."That way to identifies a reason to able read your face is the muscle. The way in each part of your face have a muscle that crear a feelinf acceptable. The face have a lot of muscle. The most muscle able to express is the smile. "Empathy (feeling sameone else's emocional state) may happen because we unconsciously imitate another person;s facial expressions."The next or side of the smile can show where is happyness. The term to asomeone accep you. Is the way to understand them first.

In coclusion a computer are able to read your face. The computer are developing to a human understand themself. The first moment of your face can be good or bad. Well sametime are deficult ourself to able smeli or cry. To have affect is a great emotion to feel.      