Dear Flordia State Senator:

The Electoral College is a very useful and easy was of voting. According to the article

"What Is the Electoral College"

by the Office of the Federal Register, "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of th electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress." Basically we vote for our electors which then they vote for the President which seem to be working just fine why change it?

There are many resons why people are in favor of changing the Electoral College for popular vote. In the article

"Why  even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong"

by Bradford Plumer he asks "Can voters  control whom their electors vote for?" Then answers himself with "Not always." This may be true but voters do get to vote for thier electors and it is the voters job to vote for the one they believe will choose the right president. The people need to put faith in thier electors, and even if the Electoral College was changed to popular vote they would have to vote for the president and put faith in him or her to make the right decisions for them, is they same basic thing but having electors are just another step.

"The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution" This was stated in the article "

Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President"

by Richard A. Posner. This is a very good point he made, the larger states get more attention than the smaller states when it comes to  popular voting in presidental elections because they have a much larger population giving them more votes.

When it comes to popular voting there have been times where no canidate has a mojority cast of votes and the Electoral College Prevents that problem. In  1968 Nixon received 43 percent pluraltiy or more votes than the other canidates but still not receving a clear majority of votes in the popular votes same with Clinton in 1992 but they both won majority in the Electroral College, so there was no need for and run-off election.

I believe that we shouldn't change the Electoral College for popular votes the way we arevoting now is working just fine and it makes it so larger states like Texas don't get more of an impact on the election because of thier population than smaller states like Rhode Island. Also the Electoral College prevents Run-off elections. Even though some believe the Electoral College as an anachronism I think that the Electoral College is still a good way of voting.

sincerly,

PROPER_NAME   