The electoral college is not a good thing and it certainly messes things up it takes votes away from people,  It changes the votes to make a person lose presidency even by changing the senators, and it's a winner take all system these dont turn out good no matter what.  It's even overthrowing the people with the popular vote yes it sadly is possible.

Why would you still have the electoral college if it doesnt help anyone at all?

There are many many ways to win an election and this is not one good way it can easily make one side lose even if they won the popular vote.  The odds of one side winnning is easily changed with electoral votes.  This inturrupts the odds of how much the people likes them then it turns into how much the government of states likes them.  However it could help some people win if they are not the popular vote.

It can also make anyone with the popular vote lose when they should have won like after Al Gore during the gallup poll thanks to the perks of the electoral college won the popular vote but he lost presidency over it. Even though 60% of people prefer the direct election now some prefer the electoral college.

But this can all be due to the fact that the electoral system was made by our founding fathers on the Constitution so it may only be natural that they support it.  A good arguement was when the system allowed for far worse when the electors for defy the will of people like in passage 2 it says "in 1960 when segragationists in the louisiana legislature almost succeeded in replacing electors who would appose John F. Kenedy" that is just evil.  Although the law has not been changed since the Constitution was made.

Even at the most basic level the electoral college is still unfair to voters because of the winner take all system put in place for each state.  They saddly dont visit every state in passage 2 it says "Candidates dont spend time in states they know they have 0 chance of winning, focusing only on tight races" Although the winner take all is made just to do what they are using it for by awarding electors to the presidential candidate (exept for Maine and Nebraska) it is being used for what they are using it for.

In all the electoral system is not good but its not all bad it takes the votes away from the people,Its a winner take all system, and its taking people down who deserve to win even changing the senators to make them win.  Its evil and makes no sense to what they are doing trying to give other parties a chance i get it but its gone a little to far.    