For my own opinion , I think most students that have problems at school should take online or video classes at home to make it easier for them to learn and study.

Most students that are special , speaks different language or problems could and should take online classes. Even if you don't have problems you could take online classes if you wanted too. You dont have to go to school and learn , you stay home and learn in the computer. Homeschooling and online classes could be different but the sames at the same time. Learning at home could be better for you. Because at school cause you dont have no one to bother you , or giving you bad ideas , or cause trouble at schools on you learning experiences.

Some students would have benefits from being able attend classes from home? Some benefits could be like. " What if its a bad idea to do it ? " , " What if I don't do good at it ? " or " What if I can't do it at home or at school ? ". Some have different ideas that it could be better for them to learn. At school it mighty be different cause there a lot of teacher and students that be different than you. At online school your at home with your parents and siblings? ad have only one teacher that teaches you on the computer. Its your dession to choose school to learn or online whatever that you comfortable for you to learn.

For me if I could choose , I'll choose going to school. Why? because its more better for me to learn from a teacher in person and see what they are do for me to learn. Online its okay , but staying at home make me get lazy and too comfortable by staying home. So for me to learn , is by going to public or private school are better for me to learn , educate , and socialize to others , its better for me.

So online classes are not for everyone. Like me I perfer going to school , not taking classes online. But what I say

" whatever that make you comfortable for you to learn ". For me is going to school learn amd talk to other students. Wahtever you chosses for you to do then do it. Online classes are greate! but for dome people don't think so, So my option are both some students benifets to do online or some doing it school. 