Dear Senator,

My friends father always complains about how the voting systems work here in the U.S. He believes that the electoral votes should not really matter. He strongly leans on the idea that candidates should win an election by the popular votes. Although the Electoral College has helped with many situations before, like the 2000 election, when Al Gore had the more popular votes then Bush yet, fewer electoral votes. I'm started to believe that changing the electoral votes to popular votes would be better for elections of presidents.

Replacing the electoral college with popular votes would be better for elections of presidents because, it's the peoples choice. For examlpe, people vote for the candidates that they more relate too and their choices. Having the electoral college around can make an impact to their choice. Say if a majority of a state vote for a candidate, but the state doesn't have enough electoral votes for that canididate to take a lead or win the election. How can they get there favorite candidate to win the election? The electoral college is blocking that way for that particular state. In brief, people need their say for their favorite candidate instead of the electoral college giving them points.

However, the electoral college has some pros for the candidate and also the states. For instance, the states of california has many electoral points for candidate to win an election. I believe there are fifty-three for that states because they have many representatives. If the majority of the people in the state vote for a democrat or a republicin the electoral points goes to either one of them. Giving that candidate big points to even take a lead in the election.

To wrap it up, the electoral college do have pros and cons in a election. The electoral college can give a candidate the election. But the popularity vote are for the people and by the people. I stiil stay towards to the idea that the popularity vote is a greater way for voting. Remember it does say We The People in the Declaration of Independence which was sighn by our founding fathes.    