Dear senator

I think you should keep the electoral colleges. The elctoral colleges are not a vote for presidency but its the vote for slate of electors who in turn elect the president. This is a great way to find a good president because if the people voted they might not know much about the president that they are voting for but if the slate of electers are the ones who pick the president they might know what the man running for president is not telling us. If their is a tie in the electoral votes than the election would be thrown to the house of representatives, where state deligates vote on the president. The electoral college should stay.

The electoral colleges has been an american tradition for hundred of years why would you end such a long and strong condition. The only bad thing about the electoral colleges in my opinion is that it is unfair to voters because of the winner take all system in each state. ( According to the article the electoral college: why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong) "during the 200 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including road island and south carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad." Bobe dole thinks they should abolish the electoral college he thinks its unfair, outdated, and irrational.

It is the electers who vote for presiden not the people it is possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the nations popular vote. It happened in 200 when gore had more popular votes than bush but bush had more electoral votes and bush still won the race and became president. You should keep the electoral college throughout history it has helped us in many ways. Lots of people say you should abolish it but give it a few more years and see what happens. The electoral college also stops run off electios this means no candidate recieves a majority of the vote cast. If their is a run off election the people might think the election was rigged or unfair. So please leave the electoral college alone it benefits us in a lot of ways.

from: PROPER_NAME                                                         