Have you ever wondered what venus is like? Well studying venus can be very dangerous with its carbon dioxide atmosphere, clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid, extremely high temperature and more. Even though it can be dangerous it is a worthy pursuit. Studying venus is a worthy pursuit because it is our sister planet, we are very curious about it, and human can survive venus conditions.

Venus is known as Earths sister planet but we don't know much about it and have never attempted going there. Venus is Earths sister planet because the text talks about how venus is the cloest planet to earth based on size and density. Also Venus has features like vlley, mountains, and craters like earth does and Venus shows that it was most likely covered in oceans long ago and could of supported various life forms. This is why we should explore venus because it is our sister planet

Human curiosity plays a big role into why we should explore Venus. Humans are very curious about the planet since it shows signs that life could of lived there. Also it resembles Earth so much that we want to know more about its geogrpahy. In general we want to know more about this planet and get up close to it and observe it directly instead of from a far. We also want to know what gases there are and so maybe we could build something that wouldn't melt when it lands. This is how human curtiosity plays a role in discovering Venus.

Venus also is a worthy pursuit becuase the text states the temperature is 170 degrees and it states humans can survive on this planet. So even though the temperature and atmosphere seem very dangerous it is worth the exploration because humans can survive so with proper training we could explore Venus. The article also talks about NASA building something to get 30 feet off of Venus so if we can get that close then eventually we will be able to get on the planet.

In conclusion Venus is a worthy pursuit even though it shows many dangers. We can overcome those dangers and make traveling to Venus less dangerous. Since its our sister planet it is worth exploring to find more out about our own planet even. Our human curiosity makes us want to explore Venus in more depth. Also humans can survive on it so with new technology and training they can travel there and be safe. This is why traveling to Venus is a worthy pursuit because it is our sister planet, we are curious about it, and humans can already survive on it.       