Their are alot of dicusions on wether we should get rid of an electoral college. But i think we should keep them for five reason. Cernainty of outcome,Everyones president,swing states,big states,and to avoid run-off elections. People think that it wouldnt reliable if we changed the way we elect a new president. Not everyone will agree to this,and the majority will stick to electoral college because if been working for us since the 1800.

Cernaint of outcome basically decides everything because it doesnt allow to be a tie. Like in 2012 when obama and romney were running obama won because he new that people want a winner take all basis. Obama got 61% of electorla votes and Romney got 51%.Because almost all states award electoral votes on a winners take all basis the state creates a landslide electoral vot victory in that state.

The electoral college reguires a presidential candidate to have regional appeal. Not one region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. Romney was from the south so people in their voted for him. But people up north thought that would be greedy and our nation needs a president for all. It was a situation that he would only apply or do anything for the south but nothing for the north. So candidates with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a succesful president.

The winner takes all method focuses their campaign efforts on the toss up states. People in the toss up state are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign to really listen to the competing candidates knowing that they are going to decide who gets elected. They are the more thoughtful voter and they will give more attention than normal. So people who care about who gets elected should get their votes in.

Last,the electoral college avoids the problems of elections in which no candidates recieves a majority of the votes cast. The presidential election process is reduced by the electoral college which proves a clear win. Knowing people who dont care shows the candidates that their votes wont count,and voters in elections are the people who want to express and show political preference rather people think that one vote wont change the fate of the election. So as you can see the Electoral college method is very reliable and will keep our nation safe.            