Dear Principal,

Recently it has come to my attention that there is some controversy over the potential community service requirement. Some students believe that community service is important and are very passionate about the work they are doing. However, other students think that community service will take away too much time from other things they participate in, which are of greater value to them. As you can see, both sides have valid points to make. To solve the problem in a way that is pleasing to both sides, I propose to you a compromise. If a student keeps a grade average of an A, community service will be optional. If a student's grades fall below that, community service will be a requirement.

First, this solution addresses the wants of the first group. They value community service greatly and think that everyone should pitch in. In the compromise, students with grades below an A average will be required to help. This is a fair number of people to help their cause. The A students have the option of community service, and I feel confident saying that many of the kids who already partake in community service have good grades. In this way, the first group has a large amount of students assisting the community.

The compromise I have volunteered also meets the needs of the other group. If the kids that think community service will interfere with their schedule have A averages, then they will not need to do the community service. However, if their grades fall below that mark, they will need to participate. This ensures that the kids who do not do the community service are spending enough of their time on schoolwork. As the principal, motivating kids to achieve higher in school should appeal to you.

Thank you for reading my letter and considering my proposal. I believe that using my compromise will better the grades of our student body, encourage community service, and please both those who are for and those who are against the community service requirement.

Your Pupil,

STUDENT_NAME