Dear TEACHER_NAME,

It has come to the attention of the student body that you are considering two possible plans of action to deal with the evident cell phone problem. I will go ahead and start by telling you that taking away cell phones all together will only cause misery and sorrow for all. It is my suggestion and that of the school that you would allow us to have our phones available for use in our free time and lunch periods. Of course they would be turned off in class as they should. There are so many reasons that we use phones as much as we do and taking them away will cause a tension like no other. The good outweighs the bad in this situation for many reasons and I am prepared to prove that.

The bottom line and one of the main reasons we should have our phones available for use is the connection. Kids need to be connected and be able to interact with each other. It is simply part of being a growing person. We need that constant interaction to settle our nerves and keep us up on our friends lives. Obviously the class room is not the appropriate place or time for that. However, kids texting and talking in their own free time is completely acceptable. Connection is important to kids. Take it away and all is lost for us all.

There is a big question that goes through a teens mind every time they are told to put there phone away. That question is what is 'What's the point of having a phone if I can't use it?' While it may seem immature and childish it is a legitimate question. Is there really a point of having a phone if you are constantly told to put it up and keep it off. Do you think that a kid or teen texting in the hall is going to bring the world to a stop. Ask yourself for you may have a cell phone to 'what's the point?'

As the day goes by and the homework piles up stress is immense to say the least. One of the great things about cell phones is that they are great at relieving stress. At some points of the day it seems like your world is going to explode. A funny text from a friend is a sure fire way to cheer up your day. Stress cushions and massages can claim to calm you down but the best way to cool your nerves and get a grip is by sitting down and talking to a friend over the phone. Take some of the

It may be one of the worst mistakes made by adults, thinking that taking away cell phones will solve all of their problems. It will only make kids made ,who will in turn make adults and teachers alike, miserable. If you haven't found out already, cell phones are actually for the benefit of all, even in a school environment. It will make life for teachers a breeze and likewise for kids. For all of these reasons and so many more I would ask you with the sincerity of my heart that you will please consider letting us use our cell phones in school.

sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME