Technology make the lives easier of millions of people.

It makes communication easier and more convenient.

People all over the world want to integrate technology into as many aspects of their lives as possible.

Schools are jump on this bandwagon by integrating online distance learning and video conferencing into their curriculum.

Some educators find this would enhance the education of students, because they can learn during most any circumstances, but some believe this would be much more challenging and inconvenient because of internet issues and the situation of students when are are absent from school.

Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home through video conferencing and other forms of distance learning.

When students are absent, they are absent for a reason, whether good or bad.

They are not able or willing to attend school, and they are not going to attend online classes from home.

A student who is too sick to attend school, needs to rest, and concentrate on getting better so they can attend school, not worry about the assignments they have to do or lessons they need to learn.

If school is canceled for inclement weather, many students might lose power or internet service and not be able to get work done.

Students who have to travel often due to highly competitive sports do not have time to work on assignments while at tournaments, games, and competitions, but coaches for clubs and travel programs have rules about the grades their athletes have to keep to be able to play and travel; this will keep athletes from getting far behind and from being unprepared on graded assignments on new subjects. It would not be beneficial for students to have virtual learning because, when students are not going to come to school they are not going to do school work.

Technology often has problems and cannot be guaranteed to work and not every student does not has access to internet connection.

Technology, in some areas, does not work every day and sometimes cannot be used at all.

At Generic_School, there are countless days when the the internet is completely down and no electronic devices can be used.

Teachers who have planned to use technology for their lesson have to come up with something different to do, with no preparation time, which leads to misusing class time at the fault of the technology errors.

If a teacher assigns work over a weekend, while the school can provide a laptop, they cannot provide wifi and internet connection in the homes of their students.

Many students do not have the funds to pay for wifi and are not able to drive to a library to connect to the internet.

Even if a student has technology, there is always a large chance their technology might not work.

This is not the fault of the student and they should not be penalized for it.

Technology caused student to be more stressed and worried bout whether or not their assignment will upload on time, or if a lesson will load and play, and it is not necessary.

Technology is not practical or easily accessible for many students.

Some would argue that their are students who want to continue learning when they are not at school, and they will be the ones to do the work assigned and benefit from it.

Teachers and educators would say those are the students the assignments are made for in the first place, but it is not fair to the students who do the work if the majority does not.

A student who comes inside on her snow day to work on homework, watch lessons, and turn everything in on time, but gets back to school and listen to the same lesson again because her peers did not learn the information, is wasting her time.

The students who do not do the assignment are also wasting the time of the teacher who made the lessons and assignments.

For the students who might attempt to do the work, there is nothing stopping them from sitting on their phone during online lectures and nothing stopping them from searching for answers online, making distance learning completely ineffective

Many students do not do the homework assigned while in class when the directions are given to them in person, so they will not put in the extra effort from home.

While distance learning may seem great, it is not practical or time effective.

Distance learning and virtual lectures may seem like a great way to adapt the classroom to more modern standards, but is not time effective, realistic or easily accessible to all.

Students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home it would only waste the time of teachers and students who do the assignments.

Technology issues are too great a problem for virtual classrooms to be practical and when a student does not come to school they are not going to attend an online lecture of do extra school work at home.

Students are not able to get the same quality information and education from an online video as they get from a lesson given by a teacher in person that can be adapted for each class.

Online distance learning is not beneficial to students, and should not be implemented in schools.