Do you think that we should have school activites? I think we should because it could possible benefit kid in learning. Which means helping kids with better learning that is gong to benefit them by getting up and doing an activity that might help refresh their minds instead of the kid siting in class all day learning about something that might not be instresting to them and they might start to day dream and them not learning anything. I think the school should have activities for students.

firstly, It would benefit a childs learning by refreshing their minds. According to a studies done by Virginia Techs mental studies, states that 74% of students fall asleep or day dream and stop listening and the other 26% of students listen and learn because they are involed in activities that help refresh there minds and givings them time to thing. What this means is that 74% of student stop listening do to being board or just no intrested but the other 26% is in a club or sport that helps that student refresh their mind and helps them think so they are ready for classes and other work that is needed to be done.

secondly, depeneding on the activity it could help build a skill in a student. according to sports news website on collage sports, suggests that 25% of sports players in collage sports that train hard and keep lead to building skills that could help down the road and the other 75% of collage players that dont train hard and just sit around learn how to succed through failer. This means that the collage students that try their best are the one mostly building skills that will help them succed and the other 75% who dont try learn skills through not putting more work into it knowing what they need to try to improve on to become better.

thirdly, trying something new could help find things you might like. according to a studies done at a Virgina univitsy, suggest that 83% of the kid in school that had join club or sports had found a hobby that they enjoy doing and the other 17% of the students that took a club or a sport didn't or could find an intrest in that subject of activities. this mean that students found new hobby that enjoy to do in school when they have tine to do it and the students that didn't find a hobby that they dont enjoy probably dropped out of the club or the sport they were in.

the other point of view, It would be another thing added to a students list and another thing they would have to stress about. According Anderson shores a mental health studies doctor, states that 65% of students that have something else to add to their scedules stresses them do to having a bussy scedule already and the 35% percent of the other students do get stressed out do to not having a bussy scedule or they have good time management. This means that the students that have bussy scedules and cant add this to their scedules so they get stressed and dont know what to do, do to the fact of not being able to find time for it, and the other 35% has time for it so they can add it to their scedules. However this is true but let me tell you why this isnt the case for all students. According to a studies done on time managment, states that 80% of students could manage their time so they could do these activity and the other 20% said the reason they couldn't was do to not properly setting up a good scedule. Basically this means that 80% had the time for it and the other 20% of students couldn't because they didn't set a scedule up properly or just didnt set one up.

To sum it up, there should be activitys it help the student you the reader better learn and buil skill maybe even find a hobby that you like. I think the people that go against this shouldn't but that my opinion, and the reason I think they shouldn't is because it helps benefit learning it help the student refresh so they don't fall alsleep in class o start day dreaming because if they stop listening how are they going to learn. you the reader could do something about this you talk to other students or teachers and get their take on it. Remeber your voice can be heard by many.