The Electoral college is a proccess that was established in the constitution by the founding fathers as a compromise between the votes in congress and popular vote of certified citizens that leads to how they select the president.

The Electoral college has electors who actually vote for the president  and these votes are counted by congress. The Electoral college holds 538 electors , but it is required the at least 270 electors must vote in order to elect a president.

where the people do have a chance to vote and their vote is seen as a popular vote , but it seems like the electors votes count more than the peoples.

The electoral college has been a way of electing our president for years , but there is one question . Do the peoples votes really matter?

In the electoral college there has been cases where the people voted for a president but yet the electors chose otherwise , so are they really representing our votes or are they just getting Americans to believe that their votes actually count?

Under the Electoral college system voters don't really vote for the president.

Voters are actually voting for the slate electors who in turn elect the president.

For example if you lived in Texas and wanted to vote for John Kerry you'd vote for the slate of the amount of democratic electors that are pledged to Kerry.

If they won the statewide election ,then they would go to congress and kerry would get the electoral votes from the amount of slate that Texas has.

The electoral college is not fair to the voters. This reason is because of their winner takes all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in the states they feel they have no chance of winning. They only focus on the

"swing" states , the states they feel they have a chance in or feel they have to win over. During the 2000 campaign , seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all and the largest media didn't get to see a single  campaign ad. Candidates only visit states they feel are important to them which is considered unfair to the voters who actually vote for them.

The electoral college method  may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. The fact that they feel their vote has no effect, they pay less attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote. The people's votes should matter because it is our country these choies  affect. The electoral college method is discouraging some of the voters to vote. Lets get rid of the electoral college and let the people's vote actuaully matter.                                     