On a hot summer day I remembered that I have to do my summer project. Before I started my project I thought to myself, how would summer assignments be like if it was designed by students. But then I rememebered how teachers are much more experienced in making assignments. Although some may believe otherwise, summer projects should be teacher-designed because teachers motivate and give good advise to students.

Teachers should be the ones to create summer projects because they are know how to motivate their students. For example, my trigonmetry teacher gave me a lot of praise when I got an "A" on the last test. These praises pushed me to continue doing well in the class. When teachers acknowledge students progress, it motivates students to succeed. For instance, Abraham Lincoln grew up in poverty and had to do farming and go to school at the same time. Despite knowing his background, his teachers encouraged him to focus on his education because he was a great student. Eventually, he was able to afford a higher education and went on to become the president of the United States. The motivation that teachers give to students enables students to become successful in the future.

Summer assignments should be teacher-designed because they give students good advise. For example, my friend Generic_Name turned in her english essay four days late. Her teacher realized when the assigment was handed in late that she needed to work on her time management skills. Therefore, she guided Generic_Name with her next essay by explaining how it would be easier to start planning earlier in order to turn in her essay on time. Now, Generic_Name makes it a priority to turn in all of her assignments in on time. Another example of teachers giving students good advise is when Oprah Winfrey was doing very well in school. Her teachers saw that she had exceptional work habits and urged her to get a higher level of education. Now, she has become a famous philanthropist that helps many people in the world through her talk shows and interviews. Teachers advise encourages students to work harder and continue to progress in everything that they do.

Some may believe that summer projects should be student-designed in order for students to take on more responsibility. While understandable, this is inaccurate because students already have a lot of responsibilities. For instance, my friend Generic_Name, has a part time job, plays baskeball, and tutors her younger siblings. It would be difficult for her to create a summer project because she has so many other responsbilities. If she would have to design a summer project she wouldn't be able to give her time to her other priorities. Furthermore, making a summer project would result in her being stressed out.

Summer projects should be teacher-designed because they know how to motivate and advise students. Teachers are always seen as inspirations because of all that they do. Therefore, taking away their right to make summer projects for students would negatively influence society because they would feel unappreciated. Additonally, the way classrooms run would be completely transformed. Overall, this topic will always remain an important topic because it reflects personal opinion.    