Teachers control almost every aspect of a student's education.

They assign heavy loads of homework expecting it to be complete and correct when turning it in, and then assign unnecessary amounts of classwork and projects to finish for homework at the same time.

Students struggle and work hard to succeed in their classes while getting good grades, but that can come at a price of a lack of sleep, free time, and even a decreasing mental stability.

Summer is suppose to be a time of relaxation and fun, a break from the stresses of school.

But, teachers assigning work over the summer, so students can maintain their education, can prevent relaxation and add stresses to what is suppose to be the most care free time in a student's career.

Although, teachers assigning teacher designed work to students work over the summer establishes more structure and easier communication on the assignment and its requirements, students should create their own assignments for the summer because it allows them more freedom with the assignment while increasing the ability to learn and grow at their own pace.

When people think of summer they think of fun, traveling, relaxation, and most importantly no school work.

Students work tirelessly all year, summer is students' free time, and if students have to work during their free time it should be under their regulation what their assignments consist of.

Students creating their own assignments can be more enjoyable, stipulating their interests and help them learn information and lessons.

School projects over the summer assigned by teachers can come in bulk and most of the time is boring.

But, if students developed their own assignments for the summer then it could possibly be more enjoyable and help them learn more, for example a student would enjoy creating a graphic image project of information versus writing a paper that a teacher would normally assign.

Allowing students to take the lead and create their own projects can relieve the stress of summer work by them making it pertain to their interests.

In addition to an interest increase comes a comprehension increase, because students who enjoy more comprehend more.

Allowing choice and design of assignment gives a sense of freedom, which is what students, especially teenage students, crave after months of teachers telling them what to do.

Although students creating their own assignments can create more interest and learning opportunities for them, teacher assignments provide a type of structure, formality, and stability it might be difficult for the student to achieve in their design.

Students may have a difficult time choosing a topic, method, or creation needed to design an assignment, especially because teachers have given the students topics and requirements necessary the entire year, so students never acquired the skill for creating assignments.

Also, there is the possibility that students don't want to create their own assignment and want to stick to the teacher's book.

Teacher instructions on assignments are usually clear and straight forward, which could be a lot easier for a student to understand.

As well as provides the knowledge the student will need to remember during the summer.

Otherwise, if students design their own assignment they might fail to retain the knowledge needed, be confused on the purpose, and not be able to fully carry out the assignment creation.

A big concern about summer assignments is the time allotted and if the students will actually comprehend the information meant to be maintained.

Students and their families plan their summer lives months before summer work is assigned, and if people go on a two month vacation to Europe then they can't necessarily complete all the work assigned.

Teenagers have jobs and children go on weeks long vacations with their parents, and they might not have the time to complete or fully understand the purpose of the project.

If students created their own assignments then they could work the time for the completion of the school project around their schedules and manage their time better.

It will allow them more time and flexibility to complete the work.

If teachers assigned work it might not peak the students' interest or compliment their style of learning, which will cause them to push off the work or get nothing valuable from it.

Students designing their own assignments allows them the opportunity to choose the method and topic of work that will allow them to complete it to the best of their own abilities.

This will cause the students to comprehend more and encourage them to work in a more timely manner.

Students should be allowed the privilege of designing their own summer projects.

Even though teachers assigning work gives structure and stability in the assignments, students designing work can increase their freedom, interest, and comprehension of their education.

Also, students will learn responsibility and leadership in the process of creating and following through with their very own assignment.

This will help prepare them for future creations, lean off the dependency of a teacher giving them all the work needed for their learning, while allowing the the enjoyment of summer.

So let the students lead and help shape their own education.                