Dear Principal,

My name is STUDENT_NAME one of your fellow students and I think that every student should do community service.

This is because it helps out the school, the community, and it helps make them a better person.

It doesn't even take that long to do some sort of service.

But if everyone got into the attitude that if we help someone then something good might happen to them one day.

If no one volunteered to do anything than the school would look bad, the community to, and no one would be a better person.

Hard work will pay off one day.

See if we do community service it could help the school, the community, or maybe even make that person a better person.

If everyone did community service than the school would look nice and the teachers would be more organized.

The community it would look clean and far from litter.

The person once they are done with helping they will feel better about themselves.

But where would the world be without some sort of community service to make a difference.

By starting a community service project the world would be a better place.

The thing of it is that community service doesn't even take that long.

You could do it for an hour or you could do five.

Just a little bit counts.

When you help someone for that little bit of time you are making them happy not just yourself.

So go do that little bit and make yourself feel better, other people feel better, and even make the world a better place.

You know when you help others something good will happen to you one day.

But if you have this attitude that nothing good will ever come out of helping someone you would be wrong.

It won't happen right away but give it time.

If you are happy and have a good attitude about what will happen to you and someone else is happy because of you then you have done a good job.

But without a program to do anything like this then no one will know what it is like.

If no one volunteered to help out with anything that had to do with work then where would the world be.

The schools would look really bad because if no one helped them how would it be anything.

The community you have people who help clean it up they do it because they want to not because they have to.

The people wanted to make the community look nice so that way they don't have to live in a disgusting place.

But if kids don't learn now that helping is good in anyway then they will be no one because they didn't try to make a difference.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME