January 23rd, 2015

Greetings Mr. Senator,

There is one particular issue that has been boggling my brain recently. It is none other than the electoral college system. Irrational, unfair , and outdated is exactly what the electoral college system is. Isn't the virtues of American's built on foundations such as rationality, equality/fairness, and mobility? The head of the United States government isn't even elected to the standards that we, the American people, hold ourselves to.

Mr Senator, I agree with the clause "majority rules" to an extent, with "winner takes all" being on the whole other side of the ball park. If Americans had a straight voting system, meaning no electoral college, where simply stated, whichever candidate recieves the most votes wins, the process in which we elect our government head would hold truer to our values. With our current system, hundreds of thousands of Americans votes don't matter. This mass of people is citizens of eligibility to vote. Where are there rights? What does this say about our system? The "winner takes all theory" ignores voters. If a state leans 51% democrat, then the entire state is accounted for the democratic party. What about those 49% of republicans. Where does their vote go? - down the toliet along with the credibility and accuracy of the electoral college.

Now, if this predicament occurs in near half of our 50 states, a candidate who did not recieve the popular vote will reign triumphant over a candidate who a majority of the American people elected to be their new president. According to, "The Indefensible College", by Bradford Plummer, Americans lose out on more than just an acountable vote. Candidates don't even spend time in the states they are certain of having no chance in winning. Logically, candidates only spend their time in the "swing states" where they could possibly steal al of that states eleectoral college votes (lines 13-20). Shockingly 17 states didn't see a single candidate during the 2000 election (lines 20-21). We sure did suceed and ignoring hundreds of thousands Americans there.

This neglect isn't the fault of the candidates though. Where shall i place the blame, Mr. Senator? There is no childish, frivilolus blame to be placed. Simply stated, the fault lies in our electoral college system. The candidates are just playing the game of the electoral college. The counterclaim for my argument may suggest that the certainty of outcome and the expulsion of run-off elections is enough to substantiate the electoral college. Are you saying that America doesn't have the time to recount votes to ensure the prosperity of the American people. Is that the messege you want to project? It sure isn't coming off well.

The certainty of outcome is ludicrous as well. Source 3, "In Defense to the Electoral College", even admits that the electoral college is a non-democratic method of selecting a president (lines 15-17). Liars, we are liars then. Americans project an image of America to the world that we are a peacful democracy. However, if the way that we select our leaders isn't even democratic, why are we portraying this false mirage. The electoral college is an anachronism (lines 15- 16). We are a stage four country on the demographic treansitions model. Therefore, our aspirations should be looking forward and not rooted in the past.

Mr. Senator, I know you are a sensible man who cares about the people he represents. The people's right to vote matters, yes? Do not be so arrogant as to ignore the people who elected you. May I direct you to the preamble to our constitution? Isn't that the sole foundatio of our government? The electoral college system is a mock of the American people and an outdated idea that does not fit in with our current state as a whole. A win by the popular vote is much more commendable by a landslide victory on false pretences.

Thoughtfully,

PROPER_NAME            