Would you want summer to be filled to the brim with boring assigments made by your teacher instead of enjoying some of your only time off school? If teachers were to construct summer projects they wouldn't be fun at all. Summer vacation is something to get excited for, not to dread. The teachers' projects would create anxiety for many but letting the students take the wheel could be interesting. The students could think of projects to not only work their minds while on break, but also to enjoy and appreciate what they've done.

Teachers have a hard time giving work that is both challenging and rewarding. If they make a fun assignment, it must be easy. This is true for the opposite: If the make a challenging assignment it's garenteed to be boring. If they let the students make the summer projects they might find a perfect blend of the two. They would make something that requires skill and also happens to be exciting to do.

The taachers' projects would for a fact bring anxiety and depression for a magority of people becasue summer is a time for them to relax and regroup. Some teachers may not understand this concept or try to pass it off as no big deal. Students know what it's like so they could create projects that don't feel overwelming or unfair. It could be a compremise between the students and the teachers to get done the things they need to.

Over the course of summer, the projects might be forgotten if the teachers were to make them because no one enjoys them. To ensure that the projects don't get lost, students would have to think of ideas that would make the projects a blast to get though. Ideas like travelling the world and recording the experience could be trilling and get the gears turning in the students brains.

In the end, leaving it to the student population of the school to make the projects would keep these projects enjoyable, challenging, and overall painless. This project would be like ripping off a bandage really quick to get it done without pain and have fun the rest of break. 