Today, technology is rapidly advancing virtually everywhere. The iPhone, electric cars, large appliances, and many more useful new technological inventions have improved and helped assist everyone with their everyday tasks in a quick and resourceful manner. The new technology of the modern world is in workplaces, homes, and best of all, schools. Technology in school has rapidly increased especially as every student at Generic_School now has their own laptop for their own educational use. Now every student can get their work done through a computer at school, but not every student or teacher prefers it. Therefore, today, some schools offer distance learning for students to attend classes from home by way of online testing and course learning on their own. Many students and especially parents are skeptical of these online distance courses because they think that the old fashioned way of staying in school and using paper and pencil is the optimal way of learning. On the other hand, many people think otherwise, so this has become a great debate in the system of education for many counties and individual schools. Students would benefit from being able to attend or complete a class from home because they can still complete their course or courses task's at home even if they're sick, some students don't enjoy public school so taking courses at home is more comfortable for those, and many teachers prefer that their course be taken online at home anyway due to the course's content and structure because it can help the student perform better.

First, a big reason that a student falls behind and under performs in a class is because they missed school due to being sick and they weren't able to learn it when they got back. Attending a class online at home is a great way to stay on pace and not fall behind because all of the information is at the student's fingertips and they can complete their tests and assignments when they are ready and able. They can still also do everything at home while they are sick if they would really like, since all of their materials is already with them on their computer. This way, the student will not fall behind in class, there is less stress, and they won't under perform on their exams because they are still able to learn the information they need on their laptop as usual. On the other hand, if a student is sick and cannot go to school that day, they miss all of their class papers and notes from that day and cannot usually make up what they missed. For this reason, online courses are a much safer and reliable way of learning that do not have the stress of missing a full day of information at school. Online courses may also have to be used for every course anyway before long due to the rapid spread and worry over the lethal Corona Virus, which can close schools and put people in quarantine for weeks.

Next, many students today are uncomfortable at a public school setting, so they are unable to perform as well in their classes and they don't do well with other people. Some are just naturally shy and others just simply do not like working with others. For this reason, attending online classes at home is a great alternative for these students who are not socially comfortable. This way, students can complete projects on their own at home and they can stay focused on their tasks without the awkward feeling of having to worry about others at public school. Another strong quality of attending and completing an online course is that many online courses have fun and interactive lessons that keep a student engaged in the lesson, rather than sitting in a classroom and doing nothing because they are bored of the teaching or they are once again, just uncomfortable socially in a public setting. One on one online video conferencing is also easier for students to talk to their teachers if they need help because they may feel uneasy when speaking to a teacher or others in person. As a result, they also can learn things in an online course that they may not have ever learned if they were taking that certain course in a public school setting.

Lastly, many teachers prefer and advise that a course be taken online and at home due to the structure and content of the course because they believe the students will perform stronger by taking the course online. For example, many students take Econ and Personal Finance online at home during the summer because it doesn't necessarily need a full school year to complete and it can all be self taught through interactive lessons and simulations. These simulations could include learning to complete a tax form or something of the sort that can be completed individually. Also, many English courses can be taken online and some teachers encourage it because many English classes are writing oriented, in which much of the class involves writing essays and research papers on a computer anyway. Therefore, just attending a course such as these at school can be extra work and a potential waste of a students time since it can all be self taught and completed at home online. Teachers specifically may prefer online courses a lot of the time because they do not want to repeat the same exact information to every single one of their class periods and that is usually self explanatory anyway. When courses are taken online at home, the teachers are able to structure the course into interactive courses that can be self taught and completed individually, so that the students can be more successful on their own, rather than taking up a lot of extra time that is unnecessary at a classroom in school.

In conclusion, attending and completing online courses at home would be beneficial to students because the course may be learned individually without the social stress of public school, the students won't fall behind if they are sick, and many teachers advise attending courses online due to their students abilities to perform stronger in the course and its better online structure.