The author supports that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers represents. Venus is a planet closest to Earth. It's conditions are far more extreme than anything human encounter on Earth. Venus may be the most Earth-like plannet in our solar system. Venus has more characteristics than Earth does.

Veus conditions are far more extreme than anything human encounter on Earth. Venus has the hottest surface of any planet in our solar system. The atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. It is crazy imaging Venus having way more pressure than Earth. The text sasy, "Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupying volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes." This shows that Venus has many powerful climate changes. The author states this becaue, he wants to inform us how dangers Venus can be, but yet so interesting and gives readers want to know more of it.

According to the article, Venus may be the most Earth- like plannet in our solar system. The text says, "Often referred to as Earth's twin." Venus is closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. This shows that people may know Venus as a different version as Earth. This relates that the author supports the idea of studying Venus is worthy because it is very similar to Earth, so why not study it and explore it? The author may think that Venus can be somewhere people can survive in and look more forward to.

Venus has way more characteristics than Earth does. The author stated how it is the hottest surface temperature, more powerful climate cahnges, more atmospheric pressure, etc. Venus is a unique planet. The author want us to invest more to Venus, because it has some features that are analogous to those on Earth.

Venus has dangers it despites, but can be so interesting to invest more on. The author thinks Venus may be the most earth-like plannet in our system. It is like Earth's 'twin'. So, if it's similar to Earth, why not look more forward to studying Venus. It is important to know what's surrounded in Earth.   