You should always seek out for new Idea's and opinions. Did you know that half of the top businesses in the world were not from the idea of the owner. It came from people with ideas and newly opened up opinions.

When someone gives you an idea for a business there basically trying to help you invest in money or help you gain money for the better if the buisnes and the owner himself. Let's say a construction worker is about to go and build a house or another type of building you need someones opinion or idea to make sure your doing it right so therefore people can by your builing. People even need ideas or opinions when it comes to eating at a resteraunt, your not going to eat nasty food are you?

When people ask for advice the are asking for your opinion or how feel to feel about the subject the person is talking about. When people bring up asubject about something you bring up more than one person because it was more then one persons Idea or opinion. Now that you cn see basically the whole world woudln't be what it is today if it weren't for idea's and opinions.

The are is never a bad Idea or opinion also every question that you ask is a good question. Things get built faster and even things get invented based off somobodys opinion. Whenever you feel as if you need to ask a question go ahead and ask the question because there is never a bad question to ask because you might be on the verge of creating something new and just don't know it yet.

Lots of eventers createed a lot things based on there opinion on something. Thomas Edison belived that he could make a ball of light and what did he do he mad the light bulb and every single house in the world that uses electricity uses the light bulb,I even got one at my house. Bengimin Franklin wanted to find out what lightning was so he went outside with a kite and a and a key and he captured and it couldv'e killed him. But it did not instead of dieing he was the creater of elctrictity. How do you think you got to work today? Even public speakers have there own opinions how do you think African American children and American children are in the same school,becasue Martin Luther King Jr belived or felt as if that the shouldn't be segregated any longer. The thing is about that is that is was his opion and helt to need he needed to say what he thought to everybody now lookat the world.

Now that you have seen all of the evidence, you know that opinions matter no matter hiw stupid you may think it is. You could be on the verge to something beyond great or even an inventer. Just know you opinion matters know matter what!