I strongly disagree because some students don't want to participate in extracurricular activities. Most of the student body have things to do afterschool and they can't attend both at the same time. Our principles shouldn't make somone do something if they don't want to. If the parents don't want their kid staying for extacurricular activites then they shouldn't because what if the parents have something to do with their kids afterschool or they have a doctors appointement.

Majority of the student body at our school doesn't know how to play sports. The coaches at our school put people on the team that doesn't know how to play. What's the purpose of having a team with people that don't know what is going on during the games. If the students dont want to play something the shouldn't be forced to do something they don't want to do. Sport require effort to put yourself on the field and not mess up in front of the coach so that you would be able to make the team and not be embarrassed to not see your name ont the paper while eveyone that made it is celebrating.

In my opinion the student council is not something we should have at our school. A lot of the student body gets upset because the president promises something and it never happenes and then it turns in a big rivarly between everyone. We learn abut politics in our geography and i think the us as the student body shouldn't be worried about politics as much because then the student body will think that it is ok to do what the politics do and say.

In conclusion i stated that i strongly disagree because not everyone has the ability to do certain things that others can. I feel that if the students don't want to do extracurricular activites then they shouldn't be made to because they don't want to go out there looking ike a fool or run for president and not make it because they didnt have enough votes. The year book is something that requires a lot of effort and time and not alot of people have pateince to be able to handle what they have to do.