In 1988 a Viking 1 took a, slightly disturbing, picture. Of a face! Viking 1 found a landform that happends to look like an Egyptian Pharoah. This face was found and started major controversy.

Some people had thought that it was fake and others thought that it was just a coincidence. The massive sand storms just created a face. That's all that they thought. But can that be true?

The face on Mars really hit it off on Earth. Everyone was talking about it. " The "Face on Mars" has since become a pop icon. It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows-even haunted grocery story chechout lines for 25 years!" Some people believe that this face was created by aliens; it is a sign of life on Mars. But, "few scientists believed the Face was an alien artifact." That is just crazy, but scientists are backing it up. There is no proof for it to be alien made.

Certain people still say that "it's aliens, aliens are making these faces!" That is not true without the evidence. Which, there is none. There are ablolutly zero facts that aliens would be able to make a face. Or that there are aliens. No facts. No aliens. If there were aliens how would they even make a face?

This has to be just a natural landform that formed when a massive sandstorm hit. It is just a coincidence. Nothing freaky or wierd, just a face in the sand. It's natural, not an alien. According to the text, "What the picture actually shwos is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the American West." See, nothing wierd going on on Mars. Or at least that we know of.

So, in conclusion, this artifact of mars is real. This is, because, there are no facts to prove otherwise. If there were facts than it would be ruled an alien artifact. Which would be pretty cool, but it isn't real. And we shouldn't be pretending like it is real. Scientists are backing this up here they are saying that it can't be an alien artifact. It's impossible as of right now. There is no evidence that an alien has made this face in the sand. 