People ask for advice, because sometimes they can't make the choice on their own. It's also not a bad thing to do when you are stuck and need some advice from other people. When people make choices on their own and don't ask anyone for help, they tend to make a bad decision. Some people feel trapped when trying to ask someone they trust for advice, because they are scared about how they are going to react. So then they don't ask them and then the problem they were trying to solve turns into a even bigger problem then before. Then at the last moment they decide to tell or ask the person for advice when it's already too late. Sometimes it can create another problem that they are going to have to solve, or it solves the problem. Asking one person you trust for advice is something people do more often than asking multiple people. But there is also a problem when asking only one person. If you truly trust that person, but they don't give you good advice who are you gonna ask then. The only person you told your problem to was that one person, so you don't have multiple choices like when you ask multiple people. Plus, what would happen if that one person you trust doesn't what to help solve your problem, there is no one else you can ask for help if you don't ask them for advice. Also, if you ask multiple people you can see their advice from their perspective. This would mean you would have a large variety of choices to pick from.

Advice from multiple people is better than asking advice from one person. If you ask multiple people for help with your problem then they will give you multiple ways to solve it. As for if you ask one person for help they may or may not give you more than one way. For instance, if one of your friends give you a solution but you don't like that solution and is trying to do another solution, then you have those other friends you can ask. You aren't limited to how many people you can ask for advice. Some people can also go to a trusted adult, and ask them for advice with the problem they have. But sometimes people don't do that, because the adult mite take the situation into their own hands and some kids mite not like all the attention they are going to get There are good things and bad things about asking multiple people or just one person for advice. The good thing about asking one person is you don't have to really worry about them going around telling that much people about your problem. But with multiple people you have to remember who you told and tell them no to tell anyone. If you also ask one people and it gets to an adult, then you would have to explain your problem to them even if you didn't want to. Then word would get around that you snitched to a teacher and then thats how bulling starts. So if your going to tell a teacher, say it anonymously so no one knows who said what. You also don't have to worry about getting bullied when you keep it to yourself. But sometimes, people can't do that. After you ask the people you wanted to ask for advice, your going to have to make a decision. Before you make a decision, you are going to have to think of the consequences. Consequences are the outcomes of your choices that you decided to make. There can be good consequences and then there can be bad ones. The bad consequences depend on the situation that you are going to be in or is already there. You have to think," If I do that what is going to happen. Is it positive or is it going to be negative." Normally, people always go for the peaceful choice so their can be less problems. People also make choices everyday on what to eat, wear, and when they should do their papers.