Politicts have been around for centuries; politics were made to keep the peace and give everyone a fair expresion to the people. We have all herd of people in political standpoint have been corrupt, but what if our own voting system was corrupt and our votes have never made a diffrence in selecting a president by the people. When we vote for our selected president is it really going to change or make a diffence on who gets elected... right? "of course it will make a diffrence." As long as your states electors dont choice by who they feel is the best fit for presidency. On another note what about the Electoral college votes. Why does one canidate always get all the electoral college votes from one state? Why cant we just revert to how many votes the canidate gets?

When getting down to the nitty-gritty bits of the Electoral College voting system it is a bit unfair in the ways it works in a whole, but that doesnt mean we have to abolish it and start over. The Electoral College voting system has worked for many years. In stead of just getting rid of the Electoral voting system maybe we should tweek it in a bit that makes everyone happy and makes it completly fair. Each state picks how it gives its Electoral votes, but in most states its a "winner takes all." When a state desides its going to be a "winner takes all" state, that means when voting all the Electoral votes will go to the canidate with the most amount of elector votes. Instead of using the winner takes all system each electoral votes should be given fairly. When electors votes for its canidates by the people that single Electoral vote should go to that canidate. When doing this people are in-tern voting for there canidate.

Now that they Electoral votes are being distubuted evenly there is a smaller problem we face. Electors are the people who actully vote for our presidential canidate. Very rarely do these electors not choose the canidate based on the amount of votes they have been given, but it does happen. The electors are in a way chosen randomly but most of the time are chosen by the presidential canidate. Often these canidates do the right thing and vote based on votes gifen to him by the public. When these electors vote they are not well regulated. What we should do is have a sort of security system that alows us the make sure our electors do the right thing. instead on relying on someones trust worthyness we should have a system that counts the publics votes. When the elector is done with his final vote we would then see if he voted based on public votes.

We the people are faces with another way of voting. We can vote for whatever canidate we please and when done with we will see how many people voted for each canidate, and whoever has the most wins right? This system would most likely give one the canidates an unfait advantage. When Romney and Obama went head to head in 2012 obama won because the amount of Electoral votes, but if we did it by the number of votes it would have been almost completly tied in votes. since Romeny was born in the south most likely each state in the south would vote for Romney. Since Obama was born in Hawiia there is no state near Hawiia that would have the same oppinion. So when using just plain votes one canidate would most likely have an unfair advantage based on the size and populating of each state going for that presidential canidate.

When suming it all up the Electoral College voting system is in a way a bit unfair, but when using the method given each Electoral vote would be given fairly instead of a winner takes all system. When going for just plain voting it would most likely turn out unfair or a lot of tied runnings. When given the facts the Electoral College is fine as it is but can be unfair and that is why we should use this method in the next following elections.                         