Imagine you are attending classes at home you wouldn' t take it seriously as you do at school. Kids who are home schooled don't usually focus as much as they would at school. Some kids parents or tutor would give them more advantages that aren't given at school. Such as more breaks, better food options for lunch,linear schedule, and starting and ending time being optional. If students are learning a specific lesson by a video conference they wouldnt benefit the lesson as well as being offline. Students wouldn't benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would take advantage, start on their own time, and they wouldn't understand the lesson.

Schools shouldn't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by video conferencing. I used to baby sit this little girl named Generic_Name she went to school for two years now shes in the third grade and her parents are homeschooling her. Sometimes Generic_Name goes out to eat for lunch and she wakes up later than normal elementary kids do. Learning a lesson through a video isn't very beneficial for some students because they probably need more help understanding. The teacher can explain the lesson in a different way if the student doesn't understand but if they keep watching the video it isn't going to help them.

Although,some may believe schools should offer distance learning as an option for students because they need a numerous amount of breaks, they should be able to work on their own time, and it's the same as an online class. Distance learning is the same thing as taking online classes or taking a college class online.

Distance learning shouldn't be an option this is important because it can affect the way kids learn and how they understand it. Students can be thinking of the lesson in a different format than how the lesson is expressed in the video conference. It was important in the past being it wasn't and option because they didn't have the technology resources that we have today. It helps in the future because instead of going to college you can take an online college class and you would already have experience from it. If you are attending classes from home then you switch your routine and go to school you are going to be more experienced with online conferencing and you are going to be wanting to do everything on your own.         