Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during thier break. Do you think that these summer projects should be student-designed or teacher- designed? Many people feel that it should be student-designed and others feel it should be teacher-designed. In my opinion, Students should design the summer projects that they have to do.

First of all, The projects should be student-designed because they can make it fun and it would give them more of a desire to actually do the project. The students can make it more fun because they know what the enjoy doing over summer or what they would be able to make fun. They would have more of a desire to do it because they made it and because it would be fun and not completely complicated. For example, Generic_Name and her classmates had to do a summer project and their teachers designed the project. Generic_Name and her friends didnt do the project because whenever they got ready to do it together a couple of them got bored with it because it was not fun and the other students did not complete it because it was too complicated for them to do. That is one reason as to why I believe that students should design their own summer projects.

Secondly, If a student designs their own summer projects they will more than likely do a better job on it. Students are just like everyone else and they do a better job on something they made up themselves. Students like to do their own things and if a teacher desnigned the project they would not be able to enjoy it and do a better job on it. For example, Mrs. Generic_Name gave have her class a specific summer project they had to do and she allowed the other half of her class to choose what they would like to do for a project. They students that did not get to choose their project either did not do it or did not get that well of a grade on it because they were not at all interested in it. However, the students that did get to choose thier projects did complete it and they all did very well on it. That is way in my opinion, teadcher should not design the summer projects for students, but students should design the projects themselves.

On the other hand, If teachers designed the summer projects they would have more indepth questions and work to do that would get students brains thinking and learning. Teacher also know all of the critearia that has to be followed. Teachers are able to make projects fun and enjoyable as well as give the students a little stuggle with the work so they would actually be learning instead of just flying right through the project. I do still believe that students should design their own projects.

In conclusion, my opinion is that students should design their own summer projects because they know what they like for fun things and they would do a better job on their project if they designed it. I do see how it would benifit if teachers designed it however students would still do a better job on it and have more fun and do it on time if they designed the summer project themselves. What is you opinion on this topic?