To the Principal,

I think that policy 1 is the best choice. I think this because that's what all students from school need cell phones. The students might need cell phones because, maybe they don't know who to go with or if their mom or dad is picking them up. Another reason to bring cell phones to school is if something really bad happens in the school or to you and the office is trying to call your parents and our parents don't know the school office number, can call our parents. There are a lot of different reasons for letting students bring cell phones to school, but I only wrote the most three important, because that are some of the reasons to bring cell phones to school. The most important reason for letting students bring cell phones to school is so they can get in contact with their parents.

I also think that policy 2 is a good choice for no letting students bring cell phones to school, because if the students have their cell phones with them. the students might get distracted during class period, and not pay attention. If the principal allows students to bring cell phones to school he should led the upper grades to bring cell phones. But is the principal's decision if the students should let them bring cell phones. Policy 1 is the best choice for a principal to choose if students should bring cell phones. For some students it's important to bring their cell phones, to be in contact with their parents, or uncles. Another reason to bring cell phones to school is if we out of school super early and our parents don't know that we got out early. Those are my top reasons for letting students bring their cell phones to school.

I hope principal that you consider my opinions fro letting students bring cell phones to school or if students should not bring cell phones to school. I really think that you Mr. Principal should choose Policy 2. Thank you for your time and for reading this letter. The facts of reading this letter are so you can decide if students should bring cell phones to school. How about if you Mr. principal caught students with their cell phones during classes and if they are not paying attention you should suspend them for having their cell phones in class. Once again thank your for your time.