Dear Editor,

Community Service has always been a debated issue between students. Some find community service an enjoyable experience while others think that community service takes up too much of their free time. I agree with community service being an enjoyable experience. It is a relief to know you can make someone else's life easier and it's an exciting feeling to know that all the hard work you put forth will be appreciated. However, some students find community service boring and something will take up too much of their free time. I do have some suggestions of how we can fix this problem, but I believe that community service will be a value to our education and should be required by your school.

Community Service is basically helping others in a way where you accept nothing in return. Some activities that are community service include picking litter up around your neighborhood, visiting the elderly, helping a teacher, etc. It's the little things we can do. Community service will be beneficial to our school because it will help the students learn self value. The reason for this is because the student may learn that just by helping someone that it can mean a whole lot to that one person; which may or may not lead them to realising the important things in life and the things they value. The student might find community service as 'fun' if we advertise the activities in a way that will make them think of enjoyable and not hard work or boring.

Then there is the issue of students believing that community service takes too much of their free time. I feel for this we need to have a limitation for the amount of hours required. In consideration to my previous statement, if we make the activities seem more like a hobby instead of a chore then students will be more willing to join in. Then, maybe, this will cause a domino effect where one student will tell their friends how exciting community service is and this will lead more children to participate. For Ex: When a group of students are going to clean the litter in their neighborhood, they could make this into a sport. Where the kids grab the trash, like bottles or paper, and they throw it into the garbage bag or recycling bin as if they were playing basketball.

Most students find community service important because there are many advantages to it. Like if students help tutor kids; this will be beneficial to those kids who can't afford it or really need it. Then there's helping a teacher out, even if its just sorting her books or organizing her papers; this will make their lives easier and that specific person may start to gain a friendship with the teacher. The reason for that is you will see that teacher for quite some time and the two of you may speak to each other and carry out conversations with one other. Students can also visit the elderly which can be an amazing experience; the kid can teach that elderly person a few things and they might share their experiences, knowledge, and tips. This can lead to a friendship where both parties enjoy each other's company.

For such reasons I believe community service is something that should be cherished      