Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College has been here since the founders of this country put it in our Constitution to please both sides. This Electoral College has made a lot of history in our great nation and we appreciate what it has done for us. It's a huge part of our election process but is time we move on from it. Their have been to many instances where a presidential candidate has had the popular vote but has lost because he didn't have enough electoral votes. "It happened in 200, when Gore had more popular votes than Bush yet fewer electoral votes, but that was the first time since 1888" (source 3) This may have not happened more than twice but this could easily happen again and cause a catastrophe. This is why I disapprove of the electoral college.

This process is also unfair to voters because when they vote for a president they are really voting for electors. The elctors can be any citizen so the voters don't know who the electors are. Voters can rarely decide who the electors vote for which puts them at a disadvantage and is an inconvience for the voters. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president" (source 2).

There has been several of organizations and people who have tried to get the electoral college deleted from election processes including ..." Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO" (Source 2). These are multiple people with proven track records and are some of many who are ready for change. The electoral college has brought good and bad to our country but there are times when things should be left in the past.

Using the popular vote as the one and only way of electing presidents is needed in this country. The choice of presidents should be soley up to the american people. There should be no electoral college that can totally change the outcome of a election because one candidate doesent have enough electoral votes. In my eyes it appears the electoral college has slightly to much impact on the outcome of the election. Imagine running for president and you when the hearts of the voters with popular votes but happen to lost the election because you didn't have enough electoral votes. How would you feel about the electoral college after that experience? This is why there is a need for change in the electoral college. Save candidates from losing an election that they should have one but didn't becuase they didn't have enough electoral votes.                                          