Introduction-

People, Muesums, and Schools are still wandering "to this day" if Leonardo Da Vinci made his famous painting of Mona Lisa with a smile on "her" face, well, in Paragraph 1(Lines 1-2), there is a descripion of how Nick D'Alto is saying that Mona Lisa is Eighty-Three percent happy, Nine percent disgusted, Six percent fearful, and Two percent angry. The new technology system being described in the

Facial Action Coding System (suggested by Dr. Huang) could possibly make a big difference of how Mona Lisa "REALLY FEELS", and how it would be easier for students to learn about whether or not "She" was made "HAPPY" in Da'Vinci's paintings.

Body Paragraph-

Some students in the Twenty-First Century are not willing to learn about certain topics in school because of all the other amazing internet resources and games they think are part of computer freedom, but inspite of Three- Dimentinal vision, Mona Lisa could have been much angrier than what she might have seemed like in her face, and she might have been fearful because of her hair style and her looks "in the dark!" Maybe, there was a possibility that a demostration of Mona Lisa could test how well with a(n) computer with "2020 Vision Software", or have a(n) emotional sensor flashdrive to attach to your PC Engine when you want there to be certain conducting over feelings from your computer technology. I think that this kind of technology is kind of un-realistic, but it would be a good source for what the person studying in will thinks about what he learned in the past "Once enough of the Life-Story of the person has gone by." In Paragraph 3 "Lines 18-31", I would imagine that constructing a computer that has a lot of functions and features could lack the knowledge of a person's understanding of how to "USE" the computer properly, which will turn out to be more like "TRASHWARE" than "SOFTWARE". The biggest part I think the Facial Action Coding System "Is Worth" is how you can just control anything in your "IMAGINATION" to discover the strong ways that you can make video games from your imagination, show how you truly feel, and picture yourself " in that video game." Dr. Huang is not a bad "Pre- Innovator", but he could have added specific date(s) to his context.

Conclusion-

If a type of computer with 3-D software were to exist, then there would be a great possibility that by Two- Thousand Twenty, there will be the greatest chance of a computer with special features existing "if Dr. Huang will start planning how the computer he's wishing to come out will be invented."