Hi my names Kaigen and I am against the idea of self driving vehicles. I honestly think it would cause more mayham. Just think about it, what if a deer runs out in front of your car. I know you are probably thinking they have some fool proof plan to avoid these incidents, but take out that word deer and replace it with a child. Yeah that changes things up a little huh. No matter how fool proof they claim their "self driving" cars are it a bad idea. Things happen, technology fails. Its a part of life.

The story even says 'the driver has to take control entering or leaving a driveway', or "if theres road work it needs the driver to take over". This is not ok. What happens when you are going through an intersection and the light turns red? Is the car going to speed up, or stop in the middle of the road. What if you are going through a school zone? Hows the car going to know any different? They also said in the article "for this to work it would be espensive". In my opinion the last thing we need is to go even further in debt. Yes I can see good in this idea, but i beleive the bad over rules the good in this instinse. Just imagine what would happen if a car pulled out in front of you, sure these machines will probably have a pretty good reaction time. But it can not be anywhere close to the reaction time of a frightened parent. Child saftey is the number one thing car manufactures need to be worried about. If they get the "okay" and come out with these i would want to see these flaws adressed before anyone puts a child in the vehicle. I am not saying its a bad idea, heck I even seee a time in the future where a car is driving me around. I just dont think they have everything figured out yet and i dont think they will have anytime soon. Its reasonable for these to come out on the market, they just need to meet all of the saftey regulations. I also beleive that if they are going to do the track cars, where they run on tracks like a train, that they would have to rip up every highway, every back road, and evey interstate. This would take a ridiculous amount of time and money. We are talking billions and billions of dollars and possible two or three decades. I am kaigen, and this is why I'm against a vehicle that can "drive itself". Plain and simple they are not safe and would cost far too much to make safe and reasonable.

Sincerly

-Kaigen