In many cases there is two sides to an arguement. When there is two sides to an arguement it could go either way. In this case the arguement is about the electoral college. What is the electoral college,it is the the process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the consitution as a compromise between election of president by a vote in congress and election of presidentby popular vote of qualilfied citizens.(stated in paragraph 1) I believe strongly that we should keep the electoral college, beacuse it keeps people from directly voting for a presdient,keeps everything even and mostlikely fair. Most people think that we should get rid of the electoral college,its clearly a state of opinion.

When you really sit down and think about how most people vote in the Northeast and South they are not the thoughtful voters. (said in paragraph 19 line 2 paragraph 4) Take obama for an example, he was the first black presidental canidate and most of the darker skined group of people got excited because for the first time in history a black man could be president,many blacks thought that voting for the black president would mean that they would better respersatition in office,so many blacks and some whites voted for obama to win. Not really paying much attention to what or who they were voting for. Which you could probably figure out that obama won they had the bigger vote. If we are able to keep the electoal college it would mean that wouldnt happen agian because it could go through the electorals they would choose who is best. Dont get me wrong people actually voted for obama anyways ,because of what he  stood for but most didn't.

In reality most people think that the voting is unfair, like what happened with Presidnet Kennedy. Kennedy was the stronger, better canidate to be president. I believe that the electors chose right, it may not have been who the people wanted. He was way better then Nixon could ever be. That may have made the people very mad,which led to the assination of President Kennedy. Kenndey changed the country and to this day in my mind, known as one of the best presdidents we ever had. Thanks to the electoral system we had Kennedy elected instead of Nixon,could you just imagine how the country would be today. If Kennedy didnt win,or if Nixon was president just one little thing could change everything. Everything happens for a reason and having the electoral college helps. I know that Nixon has the popular vote but kennedy needed to win for the better of our country,its my state of opinion.

Most people think that having the electoral college is bad,why? because they believe that the people should be able to vote directly. I understand how and why they believe that. When you think about votin directly it would insure the people that whoever they are voting for they would be sure to get thier votes and for sure get the president that they wished to be president. I could truley undertsand why and this would work out, but i still strongly believe that this could be the cause to many problems.

In conclusion,I beleive that we shoudl keep the electoral college becaue he keeps the people for choosing a president direlcetly. If they make a bad chose someone,who knows is the better canidate that they could over rule the peoples vote. So it would all fair in most turns and would possibably helping the country,and many people believe otherwise its truely a state of opinion. You choose who chooses the president.    