Dear State Senator,

This letter of argument is to emphasize why we should not keep the Electoral College and change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. There are very reasonable arguments for both claims as to if we should keep or abolish the Electoral College. Primarily, the Electoral College is the selection of electors by popular vote to represent their supported party in the official presidential election. There is a total of 538 Electoral College electors and it only takes the majority, 270 votes, to elect the president. It is not fair that the general population does not get an independent vote.

It is not the ordinary people who get to choose the president they want; it is dependent upon which party the elector chooses. Voters don't have control over who their electors vote for. As said in the second article, Al Gore won the popular vote in 2000 against Bush however, Gore lost the electoral vote resulting in the loss of the presidential election. In the past, there have been voters who refused to vote for their party's candidate and voted for whomever. There is also the concern of a tie in the electoral vote.

If that were to happen then there would certainly be no chance that the popular vote would have an impact on the selection of the president because it would now be in the hands of the House of Representatives. The Electoral College is unfair to voters; they do not get the final choice as to where their vote goes. They are not voting for the presidential candidate they want. The voters are voting for a slate of electors. However, there are some benefits to having an Electoral College such as larger states getting more attention from presidential candidates than smaller states and it also avoids Run-Off elections which is when no candidate recieves a majority of the votes.

State Senator, please realize that this is not fair or justifiable. There may be an upside to the Electoral College, however, it is in my strongest opinion based on factual content that this is not a fair method and it should be abolished. Being empathetic for the ordinary voters of the United States would provide clarity for your opinion on the situation. Imagine if you were a general voter who did not get an official vote in the presidential election; you would feel cheated also. This is why I ask you to strongly consider these legitimate words.    