"LET ME GO!" Generic_Name shouted. Generic_Name was struggling to escape the breath taking choke hold she was in. Her mind flooded with horrendous thoughts. Generic_Name's date was trying to kidnap her. While she was fighting for her life,all she could think about was how she regretted meeting up with this dangerous,strange man. In hope to find a partner, Generic_Name downloaded a dating app. She was aware of the risks of chatting with and meeting strangers, but she was not bothered by it. Generic_Name was going to seek opinions from her close friends, but she knew they would not approve. Generic_Name felt that since she was an adult, it was her duty make her own decisions, and deal with the consequences without the validation of others. She soon found out that her decision was a bad idea. Generic_Name should have asked for her friends' opinions in making the decision to meet up with a stranger from a dating app. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by introducing their mind to different points of views, seeing how options weigh out, and gaining wisdom from others.

Introducing a person's mind to different points of views can help the person make a better choice. While making a decision, it is important to seek advice from others. Being introduced to how different people would handle a situation or make a choice, can help a person make a more beneficial choice. For example, if Generic_Name would have asked three of her friends how they felt about the dating app, the scary situation in the beginning possibly could have been prevented. One friend could have told her to be careful and bring protection just in case, the other may have suggested to meet up in a public area with a numerous amount of people, and the other friend could have listed all the dangers about meeting with strangers. A couple of her friends could have mentioned to her how they would meet up with someone safely, and the other friend could have opened her mind to scary perspectives of meeting with a man online. Generic_Name would have made a better choice if she would have considered the different points of views. Be aware of who you take advice from. Always make sure the person that is introducing you to different point of views is someone you can put your trust into.

Seeing how options weigh out can help some make a better choice too. To further explain,when you weigh out options you are determining how one decision or choice you make can be more beneficial than the other choice or decision. If Generic_Name would have went to a trusting adult or relative, they could have informed her about the pros and cons of dating apps. They could have informed her about the number of kidnaps or deaths that relate to dating apps,or the low number of striving relationships. With that knowledge, Generic_Name could have weighed out her options. She could have used that knowledge to make a better choice. For example, Generic_Name's options were to be single and discontinue the use of the dating app, or meet a stranger and possibly start a risky relationship. If the cons seemed worse on the ''meet a stranger and possibly start a risky relationship'' side, than she would have weighed out her options, and chosen to be single. When you weigh out your options, make sure you have full knowledge on all possible choices.

Finally, gaining wisdom from others is another way for someone to make a better choice. When someone shares their wisdom with you, it can alter the way you think or perceive things. All it takes is a wise individual to share their thoughts and advice with you, for you to make a better choice. Generic_Name could have possibly talked to her mother, or a wise person in her life and asked them for their intake or thoughts about her dating app situation. Gaining advice from someone who is wiser than you can make you deeply consider your choices. If a wise person in Generic_Name's life would have told her not to force relationships or just wait on your true love to appear, she would have deleted the app and been patient. When you look up to someone, especially if their wise, you take what they say into a deeper understanding. When gaining wisdom from others,take it into deep consideration.

Sparkling lights filled the room while blush colored flowers made a trail down the isle. The room had a peachy aroma. People slowly entered the church and the murmurs of voices were filling the air. Generic_Name was in the back dressing room getting her large, white gown fitted on her body. She was getting married to the love of her life. Generic_Name was a dove. Generic_Name was graceful and delicate. Nobody could ruin her day"Generic_Name its almost time to walk," Generic_Name's father called out. She could hear the soft music playing. Butterflies fluttered around in her stomach. She could not believe how almost four months ago she was going to meet up with a man from a dating website. The thought made her body cringe. If she would have went on that date, she would have never met her soon to be husband. Generic_Name was in love and happier than she had ever been. She was so glad she listened to the opinions and advice from her friends and family. Introducing someones mind to different points of views, seeing how options weigh out, and gaining wisdom from others are all ways seeking multiple opinions can help a person make a better choice.