Chossing your president is something very important and we need a way , a method to help us pick the right one. The Electoral College is the best way of picking the right president and doing it right. If you pick your president by a popular vote it would only lead to a disaster. In our world we need a method like this one that will guide us to make the right desion and something as imporatant as our President, well we can just pick out of anything we have to do it  wise and neat so the right choice is picked. It is clear that we need to bring the Electoral College back.

The Electoral College is more like a process that is put in place to pick our President. It consist of the selection of the electors and then the electors vote for the President and Vice President. On source number one " What is the Electoral College" it states that " The  electoral college consists of  538 electors. A  majority of 270 electorral vote is required to elect President". This process is very well put together and simple. You vote for the  electors that then later on will be chossing your president."The President election is held every four on a tuesday after the first monday in November ". And yes i know what some people might say that the want to choose who their  President is but to be honets isn't better to have people like our electors to pick for us some one who really know about politics and about all of it. We all would be in better hands.

Many people would say that it is as if they don't have right that it's unfair that someone is picking their future but its not true!!!.The people choose the electors you vote for which ever one you think will represent you best, you would vote for them. The second source that I used in researching this topic is called " In the defense of the electoral college." This article they give you five reasons to keep our method of choosing the president. That one that was best for me was that " Everyones's president" just beacuse  at the end of the day what's important is choosing the right president for the job that the reason this method was created. I read the part where it say even if we do let the people vote , some people will end up feeling like their votes don't count simply cause they live in a small town with a very low population. Exsactly how it says in the article "...a large state gets more attencion from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does."

To conclude the Electoral College method is the best way to make sure all the people are getting the president the diserve. As i said in the bigging is a good neat process that is well put together and that will help mamy people out. Voting by population  vote is not safe and it's not for sure , you may think that if you vote for a president that he will win but your wrong there is a better change of him winning if the electors vote for him then you. I hope that when you are done reading this you will understand why the Electoral College should come back and it should stay.              