Dear Senator

The Electoral College was created by our Founding Fathers. They put this in the Constitution to make electing the President of the United States fair and equal to all the citizens in the United States. The Electoral College should not be changed no matter what. To go against the Constitution would be to go against the nation, for we were built on the leadership of our Founding Fathers and the guidance of the Constitution. This Contitstution was created so that the people have more power than the government. So I strongly believe that the Electoral College should stay the same. It is the governmet that needs to change. There is nothing wrong with the Electoral College, it is just the ones that run it. So if there should be any change, it should be the government that should change, not the Electoral College!

The Ectoral College is a compromise between the election of the President by a vote in Congress and by the popular vote of the citizens. When the voting starts the electors come to a meeting place and vote on who they want as President. After the meeting, there has to be a majority of two hundred seventy electoral votes for the election of the president. The electoral College is as I have said it before is fair and equal to all the citizens in the United States. To take this away now would be a catastraphe, because that would mean that all the other presidents in the past would not have even been our Presidents, the history behind them would be rubish and not even true. Some states may have a "winner-take-all" sort of thing but they are together and voting together as on state. Some of them may vote for the other one but the majority of them is for one person. Some of the states believe that it is not even worth it to have a "winner-take-all", because they think it is unfair. Then after the presidential election comes the "Certificate of Ascertainment" which is a list of all those who ran for President and there respective electors.

The electoral college has been around ever since the Constitution was created. It may be unfair now, but if there would have been any changes to the Constitution it would have been done then instead of now. The Electoral College was probably a great idea when the the Constitution fisrt started out. Then the years have gone by and now we want change. Well I see that the Electoral College can be unfair but it is also fair in it's own right. Because of the fiasco in the year of two thousand about the abolishment of the Electoral College, it has left a scare in our nation about the government, because you guys are giving out the information on the candidates to late or not at all. That SUCKS, for most states because they may not even get one advertisment about the candidates any where or even a commercial on T.V. If the vote for the abolishment of the Electoral College does happen, then there is nothing that I can do about it, but you can still change your ways. You can make it fair and not irrational. Even send the "Certificate of Ascertainment" earlier than you have done before now. This is a nation of freedom and peace, how are you trying to keep the peace with other countries if you can not even keep the peace within your own?

The government is the real problem, not the Electoral College. It may be unfair, because the majority of the people may have chosen one person while the electors may choose the other. Then when they add it together it is there vote that counts more than the peoples. If the government had only done the right thing and elected what the people wanted, then no one would have a problem with the Electoral College. It is stupid that the government is listening to what we have to say but not hearing it completly. The Constitution is a document of equality for the people. Not the government. If our nations democracy is a democracy then they should listen more to what the people have to say and not what the government has to say. If the government would do this then things would run more smoothly within our country and there would be less conflict.

This nation is a nation of freedom and peace. Not for a bunch of people who are power hungry. The Electoral College is fair and equal, it is the government that is not. If the government would only change for the better then there would be no problem. This nation is still young compared to all the other countries. They have gotten all there issues taken care of, but we have not. The reason is that some of the officials are power hungry and do things to take care of themselves and not others, but some are not and they want to make this country better. Those are the ones that should stay and not the power hungry ones. They make it fair. So I strongly belive that the Electoral College should stay the same, and that the government should be the one to change.

Frome PROPER_NAME    