Everyone has their own opinion about everything, for some people they think that some things that they imagine to be a bad idea, might be very good for economy, or for other issues, some other things that you think is a good idea, might be really bad for the environment, but thats just your opinion, and its okay. There are many thoughts about this subject, which is about the Electoral College. The Electoral College in some cases is a good idea, and in some cases, to some people, its a bad idea. If you do not know what the Electoral College is or means, it is a process consisting of a ceratin selection of electors that vote for President and Vice President in the election, by counting electoral votes by Congress.  Im here to tell you all the information you need to see what your opinion of this topic is. Lets read a little more about it.

As most of you know, the presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday afer the first Monday in November. This is when there are two candidates running to be President of the United States. You would think it would just be you, the people, but theres actually other people that vote too, called the Electoral college. You help choose your states electors when you vote for your President, the reason why this happens is because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidates electors.

Under the Electoral College system, voters vote for the state of electors and not for the president. The state of electors elect the president. The electors are bacically anyone not holding public office. The people who pick who it is, can be chosen from variaties of places. It could be the presidential candidates themselves, or it could be the states party central commitee, or it could be the state conventions. Each state only casts one vote. The Electoral College is unfair to voters becuase of the winner take all system, Candidates dont spend much time in states they have no chance of winning in. This pretty much proves that the Electoral College is very cruel and unfair.

The Electoral College has a very wide range. it spreads all through USA and each state has a different number of electoral Votes. Each party selects a bunch of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. no other region has enough Electoral votes to elect a President. The votes can be very close to the same number of both candidates, and thats a tough situation. Voters in presidental elections are people who enjoy expressing their opinion on political news, rather than people who dont give a say in the elections.                          