I believe that driverless cars should be developed because of the many positive capabilities of the cars, advanced technology that is currently available and constantly being improved, and the safety features added by the driverless car.

One major consideration for the development of the driverless car is the environmental benefits. The Google cofounder Sergey Brin says that the cars "would use half the fuel of toay's taxis." There is a large fear of increasing gas prices and lack of natural resources in the world today. The production of driverless cars would quell those fears as they are much more fuel efficient than the cars used today. Brin also states that the cars would "offer far more flexibility than a bus." This is crucial as the bus usually has a route that it must adhere to while the driverless car can go straight to the desired location. This aspect also positively impacts the environment. Similarly, the advanced technology that is already being created also helps with the development of the driverless car.

Beginning from the late 1950s, the concept of the driverless car was already thought of. Now, the concept is beginning to come to fruition due to the advanced technology created. The most important bit of technology on the driverless car is the spinning sensor on the roof, also known as the LIDAR. The LIDAR is able "to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings." Without the LIDAR, the accuracy of the driverless car would be greatly reduced as the car would have no sense of its surroundings. Another technology that was greatly enhanced is the antilock brakes. In the 1980s, the antilock brakes "used speed sensors at the wheels" to monitor when the car was becoming out of control. Back then, the antilock brakes only had a sensor to monitor the wheel's speed. Now, the antilock brakes have become more advanced to the point that they are able to "detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers." The antilock brakes have evolved from only having a sensor that monitors speed to sensors that can detect many dangerous conditions. The advancement of car technology greatly affects how safe and successful a driverless car may be. A driverless car would most likely not be able to work in the 1980s with the speed sensor as the antilock brakes. Now, the driverless car would be able to work very effectively as it combines a plethora of sensors and cameras to ensure safety. Speaking of safety, the driverless cars all have a safety feature that guarantees almost the maximum safety potential.

The reliance of a driver within the driverless car finalizes the development of the driverless car. If the car encounters a foreign situation, the driver will just be notified and will take over from there. This concept of passing over the responsibility of driving makes the driverless car very safe. As long as there is an alert driver within the car, the car is almost certainly not going to make any accidents. Car developers designed the driverless car to "steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills." Thus, the car will do most of the driving and when there is a difficult situation, the human driver will take over. This ensure the utmost safety of the driver and the passengers as there is an extremely low risk of an accident occuring. There are "driver's seats that vibrate" and the Google car even "announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." This increases the safety of the driverless car as the driver will be notified when to take over. Therefore, the driver will also know the situation and will be ready to handle any troubles the driverless car couldn't handle. The safety features positively affect the development of the driverless car.

All in all, the cutbacks on the usage of natural resources, the advanced technology used to increase the safety of the driver, and the many built in safety features advocate for the production of the driverless car.   