Dear senator,

As you know the Electoral College is a process, not a place. But do you think many other people know that. They might get a hint if you can change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States. In my opinion that would make me happier if the person I voted for came on tv everyday telling me new things. I wouldn't want someone I had no say in do that. because the person you voted for you obvioulsy had a reason to vote for them, in my persepctive of this, other people will catch on and find the good in the best one. The guy with the most votes wins.

The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, "the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of electoral votes by congress".

With that said, me being at the age of fourteen, I won't get the chance to go with the electors and vote for who I want, but being able to have the popular vote selected, I feel in a way as if im a huge part in the voting thats being held. Therefore having the Electoral College consist of 538 electors. I still woudl feel a part of the voting.

Each canidate running for president in your state has his or her own froup of electors. These elcetors are ususually chosen by the canidates political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilites are.

I feel as if popoular votes will benefit the region in many ways. But starting on the residents of other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised- to feel that their votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their intrests, that he really insnt their president. If I wee presidnet i would want everyone to feel welcome and wanting to listen to what I have to say. Not saying that they would all like my decisons but I would want them invloved, I beileve every president should want their citizens involved and do be able to stay up to date. Statistics show that it has been argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a canidate who has no hope of carrying their state. " The founding fathers esatblished it in the Constitution aas a comprimise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens".

Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on? Aboloshing the electoral college.  A toll taken in 2000 shortly after Al Gore, the popular vote had overcome the electoral vote. This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose presidency. So if everyone make san effort to get involved and do their part, they can have the president they want. If they don't do their paert they shouldn't have a say in it. Thank you for your time.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME                               