Dear senate,

I think that we should actually keep the electoral college. There are many reasons why should keep it,for one is that that electors choose the president and the vice president and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. Another reason we should keep the electoral  college is because it has 538 electors. It also helps the U.S by giving us a president. Those are some of my reasons why we the people should keep the electoral college.

First of all, the reason why we the people should keep the electoral college is because the electors choose the president and the vice president and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. The reason I say this is because we the people need a president and the electoral college helps us get one. The electoral college helps us get a vice president as well because if the president dies or some sort the vice president can take in. The electoral college also helps count the electoral votes by the congress. Those are some ways the electoral college helps us.

Further more,another reason why the electoral college helps the us and the U.S is that we have 538 electors. The reason I say this is because every elector do there job by picking the president that will run for the U.S.It also helps pick out the vice president as well like I said in my first paragraph. That is why we should keep the electoral college. The electors help pick out the president that we need for everyone.

Lastly, the last reason I think we should keep the electoral college is because it helps us by giving us a president that we need. A president can do so much for us like Barack Obama. He did great things to keep this nation secure for the people. Other great president did the same thing back then. Because of the electors from the electoral college. Those electors helped pick a president so we can have one and that is why we need the electoral college.

In Conclusion,so today I talked about why we the people need an electoral college and there are many reasons for it. To sum it all up the reasons we need an electoral college is becasue the electors helps us by picking a president,vice president,and the electoral votes that we need. Another is because we have 538 electors that help pick a president. Last is that they give the U.S a president. So this are some of the reasons why we the people need an electoral college.    