The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by explaining and reasoning about Venus. Venus is a simple to see from the distant. Each previous mission was unmanned. Venus is a challenging planet and no spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades. I believe that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite of dangers because it's a challenging place to examine more closely, has different speeds, and the atmosphere and heat.

Venus is sometimes called the "Evening Star," is one of the brightest points of the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. Venus is the second planet from our sun. The nickname is misleading since Venus is actually a planet. According to Paragraph 1 it says that, "While Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of Earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely." This quote states that Venus is danger and challenging to observe.

Venus is oftened referred to as Earth's "twin". Earth and Venus orbit different speeds. These differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus because Venus is sometimes right around the corner-in space terms-humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud draped world. Each previous missions was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. This issue explains why not a single spaceship had landed on Venus and numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study.

A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. The planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than on our own planet. These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth. Venus does not have any easy conditions since it's dangerous but survivable for humans. Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks.

Strivinng to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. Venus has many more experinces to go and finding out more about it. Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be exapned to meet very edges of imagination and innovation. Venus can sometimes be worthy pursuit despite the dangers.    