Brock was walking in the woods along the creek. At the edge of the water, he saw something that made a body type figure. Brock went down to see if it was a body, but when he got down there, it was really hard to see if it was a body because of the running water. He went back up to where he saw the body, and he coud see it clearly again. He took a picture of the body figure and sent it to the Elkart County Lab. They went to take a look at it and they posted the picture sent from Brock online. Most of the people who saw it, including some of the scientist, thought it was some sort of alien figure. They dug it out and found it to be a rock formed into a body shape by the shadows of the water, and the erosion that has been done to the rock. I believe that the Face on Mars is just a natural landform because it isn't an alien formation, you can see what it is made of, and there are other landforms that may look real, but it isn't real.

One example that proves my claim is that the author explains in the excerpt that it isn't an alien formation. The author states that Micheal Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. This photo revealed that it was just a natural landform, not an alien monument. The author also states that it has unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh.

Another example that demonstrates my claim is that according to the author, you can see what it is made of. The author shows that the huge rock formation, which resembles a human head, is formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and a mouth. The author also states that Garvin said, "as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger that the pixel size, so if there were objects in this picture like, airplaines on the ground, or Egytian-style pyramids, or even small shacks, you could see what they were!"

A final example that proves my claim is that the author demonstrates that there are other landforms that may look real, but it isn't real. The author states that scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa when the face appeared. This shows that they have seen things like this before and they knew that it wasn't real, or alien like. Another example that the author proves is that Garvin said it reminded him of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face and perhaps alien markings were hidden by haze. Also NASA can be hidding information about the Face. But, you can see that the Face is formed by shadows, and not an alien haze.

Now I hoped I gave you enough information to convince you that the Face is just a natural landform, and not created by aliens.   