Driverless cars have always been a big idea for the future. However, there are some really important pros and cons for driverless cars. Driverless cars can be very dangerous to not only the individual driving, but also to everyone around. Perhaps driverless cars isn't such a good idea. Your biggest concerns would be the technology failing and the safety of everyone around it.

Safety is the MAIN key to a driverless car. Since a driverless car would be driverless, not only the driver would need to be alert but everyone around it would need to be, which is common sense for any type of vehicle or transportation. Considering the fact that the human being is always in charge of an accident with a regular car. That woudn't be the case for a "driverless car". Now even though the driverless car have sensors and other types of monitoring to prevent accidents and disfunctions, who's to say the driver isn't paying attention when they need to be and something goes wrong. In paragraph 9 it talks about how traffic laws are wriiten to assume that the human is in control at all times. That's completely understandable, if the human doesn't do what he needs to do to make sure his manufacturer is working correctly, it would be his fault for not taking care of it.

For everyone else around a driverless car, would always be in great danger. No matter how well the car itself is functioning, you dont know if everyone else is paying attention to their own vehicle. Pedestrians around the driverless cars have no control over what it does. If something happens to a pedestrian, who's responsibility is that? If a sensor on the car isn't working properly, which it should be, there would be more deaths and injuries to people around the vehicle and to the person inside of the vehicle. The minor issues of a driverless vehicle could cause a huge problem.

Even though having a driverless car seems like such a good idea, there could be many things to go wrong. For example, the manufacturing could disfunction in the middle of driving. Now someone that would condone a driverless car would say, "You would need to make sure everything is properly working before taking it out on the road." That's actually not all you would need to do. Not only do you need to make sure everything is working properly, you would need to make sure what ever is functioning the car is functioning correctly at all times. One of the biggest concerns could be a driver might not know what could be wrong with a car and if something is wrong with the system, he wouldnt know and the car would just break down or stop working.

Driverless cars could seem like a good idea sometimes when your lazy becuase you don't have to worry about actually driving the vehicle yourslef. Of course people are going to find a driverless car fascinating, but the most important thing you would want to worry about is safety and having the best functioning technology. Technology can always fail, so no matter how well it may seem to be working, anything could happen at anytime. 