Hi, I'm Kelvin and I go against this technology to read students emotional expressions. This is totaly BS, Dr. Huang and Pro. Nicu made this really cool software called the Facial Action Coding System. Calculating emotions is diferent from coding your face with a 3-D mode of your face that could barely even look like you. Plus there are more than the basic six emotion everbody has. It is still a very cool idea but not for us students.

Dr. Huang said that every facial emotion is universaly the same in paragraph 4, but some people can feel emotions without making that facial emotion on thier face. This software can be an evasion of privacy for students who would not like to be disterb by this software showing it to your teacher and then the teacher would call or give you a private lesson in school. Mixed emotions are even more complecated for the software to know. There are 44 major muscles in our faces are realy cool but, technology is not yet advanced for this to be true. And the Mona Lisa could just be happy.

How can this "Facial Action Coding System" even tell the Mona Lisa is 83 percent happy. The technology is not advance enough to say what emotions we have. How can this software even know the emotions we have on a picture. The Mona Lisa is a painting not a picture, so that cannot be corect. Da Vinci Code is something different from Dr. Huang's emotion algorithms. Communication doesn't have to do anything with the software, but maybe us the students.

And finaly this stuff can't be used in public, who is going to use this sofware than the school. Video games are mostly the freedom of choice for most people . And emotional communication will still need to wait for technology to advance. Who is even gona use this. People do not caare what think about us the students. Making privat lessons based on our faces isn't a good idea. Many bad culd use this software to invade privacy from others.

And this is my reasons why I think this software sucks and should never be used.