Have you ever been on an amazing trip? Have you ever seen many amazing sites? Have you ever been on a long boat trip? Do you want to help people? Do you want to care for animals? If the answer is no to the first three questions and yes to the two other questions, then the Seagoing Cowboys program is for you. It is fun and educational for any one at any age. It is an amazing chance to get into this program and visit the unique places on the way to the adventure.

This is an amazing adventure I have been on it I have seen so many places and met many amazing people on the way. While I was in the Seagoing Cowboys program I made nine trips it was the most of any Seagoing Cowboy it was great. I saw so many amazing places I thought I would never be able to see because I was just a normal person in my town. I saw Europe and China while I was in the program it was a great experience for me as a almost adult. I also had the advantage of taking a gondola ride in Venice,Italy, it was the city with the streets of water. I also had a awesome chance at touring the excavated castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama Canal on my way to China in the Seagoing trip. You should join it so you can see all those amazing places I just stated to you that I have seen because of this amazing experience in the Seagoing Cowboys. Another reason you should join it is because if you are almost 18 and you do not want to get military drafted then join this, they count it as your service or they did for me which means they will for you. Another one is after the animals get dropped off and we are going back with no animals we get to play amazing games in the stalls that the animals were in like baseball and volleyball, we also played table-tennis tournaments or even boxing.

These are all the amazing things i got to do and see, you could see and do them to if you join Seagoing Cowboys.

Did you love the idea of these things? Do you want to be apart of these things? Do you wanna be a Seagoing Cowboy? These are only some of the amazing things I got to see and do while I was in the Seagoing Cowboys program. You could do them to you just have to join in on it. Sign up and be apart of it, it is amazing and so much fun for everyone. It could be a great experience for you just like it was for me. So join and be apart of the group or program of the Seagoing Cowboys.