Dear  State Senator, 1/23/15

I have a very strongly worded, persuavive letter written for you today of why our united nation, must abolish the electoral college. I am aware that the electoral college is one of the main ways president's become elected, but it's serving an unjustice to our nations people. You must do something of the crisis that our country is facing with the Electoral College.I have two compelling reasons of why the electoral college should be abolished.

My first reason of why we should abolish the electoral college is because of the method it is done in.  What I mean by this is, according to Source 1:What is the Electoral College?, it says, "Most states have a

"winner- take all" system that awards electors to the winning presidential canididate." The winner- take all system is not a fair way to elect a president becuase of its biases. The candidates running for the presidency only visit the largly populated states in order to get their electoral points, for instance, most candidates go to Californa or Texas becuase those are the states that have for electoral points. But, by doing this all the smaller states that have less electoral points are never visited by the candidates, the voters then may have never seen an ad or campiagn for a certain candidates . According to Source 2: "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong", by Bradford Plummer, it states, "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and votes in 25 of the media markets didn't get to see a single campiagn ad". On the contrary, it is stated by Source 3: In defense of the Electoral College, it states," No reigon has enough electoral votes to elect a president." This is true, but candiadtes focus on larger states that will supply them with more electoral votes, and don't even visit or pay any attention the smaller states. I strongly negate the Electoral College.

My second reason of why our country must abolish the Electoral College is becuase it is a "disaster factor", as stated by Source 2. I agree with this for two reasons. First, becuase it does allow the people to vote for the president or canididate they prefer. Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but slate of electors, who turn elect the president, as stated by "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best- laid defenses of the system are wrong". I strongly agree with that except from the article I have stated. Another reason, why the Electoral college is a disaster factor is becuase most of the United States citizens prefer a direct election to the kind we have now, Electoral College. More presiciely 60 percent of voters to dont want the electoral college, that's majority of our population! If majority of our nation is against the electoral college why haven't we abolished it?

In conculsion, "It's offical: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly aserations without much basis in reality", according to Source 2.  I would like you to consider all the problems our nation is facing due to the Electoral College. I have stated two contentions of why you should abolish the Electoral College; First,the method of how its done is very bias and unfair and secondly, because the Electoral College is a "Disaster Factor" or  causes many disruptions in our country.

Sincerly, a very patriotic citizen,

PROPER_NAME                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    