Dear Senator,

We should abolish the electoral college. It nakes voting unfair and is dangerous to the American society. It corrupts the soul of all Americans and makes people unhappy. If we want our society to live, we should end the electoral college.

The electoral college is extremely biased on the canditates and the voters have only a miniscule chance to elect the right voter. The chance is so miniscule that even an atom couldn't fit through it. On the counterclaim that it could be a tie, which has a higher percentage rate to tie, all of America, or 0.00000001% of the population of America? The canditates dont even focus on the states that aren't swing states, such as Wyoming or Alaska. If a president is from California, he/she already has 20% of the vote in his/her pocket. To make things worse, half of the states are not even into the campaign, voting canditates "they" think is best, not voting the canditates their state thinks is best.

To top it off, people are just so wooed by the canditate's ad, or their wealth, or their eyes, that they don't stop to think what the canditate could do for them. Just two years ago, I found myself talking to a women who needed Obamacare for her ill son, yet she was going to vote for Romney. People are just too dazzled by how things may seem, when it's just a huge marketing scam.

A large state gets more attention than a smaller state does... Is that what we really want in our country? After all these years of black equality and women's rights, we have decided to just completely ruin our entire form of government by being prejuice to other states. Yes, they may have a lesser population, but that doesn't mean anything. It just means that we are not giving people the right of suffrage.

Apparently, the electoral college elects a "clear winner", when the popular vote coiuld do that just fine on its own. Why do you think we have voting day for? I'm sure its so that the president that they didn't vote for was chosen by the elctoral college. Here's some logic, lets choose a selected number of people to vote for president instead of all of America. Isn't that a great idea.

"Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election...." Really, is that why people vote? So you are saying that people vote just because they prefer, or like, the person other another candidate. So going back to my earlier point, people are just so amazed at their "something", that they just decide to take the effort to vote for them. No, people, that's not why, it's because they think they can make a change in the everyday world.

Ladies and gentlemen, it's all a game of cruel manipulation, Republicans manipulating the government so they get less taxes, Democrats manipulating the government to achieve free healthcare. It's a dangerous game, but the puppeteer who pulls the strings better than the last is the one who always wins.                                                            