Driverless Cars Are Coming is a short article that depicts the use of computerized cars that are being made. The cars are supposed to be safe and trustworthy. One part of the article describes a public-transport taxi system that would take people from place to place, navigating through other driverless cars. The idea of this self controlling, moving car can be very advantageous to people, using less fuel, prevent or stop car accident, and take people to their destination at ease. However, there are issues with the automated automobile. How will driverless cars adapt with cars with actual drivers? How will everyone acquire the self-driving car when they could cost fortunes? Also who is blamed if and when prevented accidents aren't prevented? Lastly what about car computer hacking?

The idea of the self driving car is courageous, but it will not work for our society. First, driverless cars can drive at ease when other driverless cars are in uniform with the other cars, but when one car has someone drivng the car then the driverless cars aren't able to predict the outcome the real driver will make. Assuming the driverless cars would communicate with one another, they could all drive together in uniform, predicting eachother's movements thorugh the streets. Then one car, in a situation in which is being driven by someone, cannot be in communication with the driverless cars and the driverless car tries to predict one's movement. The driver actually goes the opposite way predicted, crashing into the other car. This is not something that can easily be avoided without other people owning the driverless car. This leads to the next point.

Driverless cars are very mechanical, probably costing much more than one's average car price. Then everyone is told to adapt to the change and buy this self-propelling car, but they are much too costly. Without the car, people could get into accidents with the driverless car. No complete safety would be acquired until every single car within the set area is a driverless car.

If an area with all driverless cars is made, what happens when the self driving cars do finally mess up and crash into another driverless car? Who should be blamed? The creators of the car? The person inside the vehicle that should have taken over and tried to drive for themselves, assuming they even know how to drive with little to no practice? One could also easily hack into the cars computer also. Computer hacking is already a very regular thing in the United States, so what stops people from hacking into cars and purposefully causing accidents? These types of issues that are very hard to deal with could not be easily dealt with.

Blame for driverless cars could be impossible in some cases.

In conclusion, the idea of driverless cars cannot be comepletely viable for safety of passengers and safety of citizens on the side of the street. There is no way driverless cars could be able to completely predict a real drivers movements. The cars could be hard for everyone to buy and adapt to. Last, you cannot find true blame for a driverless cars action when there is not anyone to blame. The driverless cars will not work in a society that is not ready for it.