the electoral collage is a process that helps use vote for the preaident and vice president. and they count the electores votes and it is desited by congress. and most states have a winner takes all system. sorce federal register most people dont like the electoral collage process most people prefer the derect election insted. and over 60 percent prefer it. and according to a gallup pull in 2000 taken shortly after algore thanks to the electoral collage he won the popular vote but lost the presidensy. sorce federal register a argumant over the outcome of the electoral collage vote has happend in the past. there was one in 2000 but thay dont think it will happen eny time soon. and the only reson the electoral collage votes exseeds is becase of the popular votes. for exampal in 2012 obam receved 61.7 percant of the electoral votes when he only had 51.3 of the populare votes because they based it on a winner takes all vote. sorce federal register the electoral collage vote hast to have a presidential canidet that hast to have no trans-regional appeal. because the canident with only regonal appeals is unlikely to be a sucssesful prasident. and the residents of the other regions are more likly to feel that there votes dont count. sorce federal register the electoral vote helps balens out the biger states votes. like in florida when obama won with 29 electoral votes. but its proven that a biger state gets more atention than a smaller state because it gets more attention from presidential canidets dering campaning. sorce federal register.

the electoral vote avoids problems in some cases were a canidet dosent get a mager vote. and the reson they have the electoral vote is so wiel the elections are going on a canodet dusent drop out. and thay do this so thay can have a clear winner. sorce fedral register.

the elector collage vote is regarded as a non-democratic methido selecting a president. and when you are voting for a presidentioal canodent you are actoly voting for a slate of electors. and it is posible that the winner of the elector vote will not win the populer vote. sorce richared a. posner.    