Dear State Senator,

My name is PROPER_NAME and i am an American Citizen. I already know about The Electoral College and its process. I know it has 538 electors and 270 of the electoral votes are needed to elect president. Along with that, I know that our founding fathers developed it in the constitution and their chosen by the candidate's political party. But i do not know why so much people bash The Electoral College when its a good thing. Based on my research, The Electoral College should stay and should be used everytime in an election for President.

To Start off, most people think of The Electoral College as a non-democratic method of selecting a president based on Source 3: by Richard A. Posner. Its is a non-democratic method because its the electors who elect the president not the people. Based on Richard however, "each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee and that trust is rarely betrayed". Its possible to win the electoral vote but not the national popular vote. It happened in 2000, with Gore when he was running. But that was the first time since 1888.

There are some flaws of The Electoral College however. According to Source 2: written by Bradford Plumer, voters vote for electors who elect the President not the people. No one really knows the elctors and they cant be seen holding public office. It depends on the state to pick the electors and voters cannot always control whom their electors vote for. In addition, as Bradford said "voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidates". These disadvantages may want to make people disapprove of The Electoral College disregarding its advantages.

There are five really good reasons for keeping the Electoral College. Based on Source 3 the first is "certainty of outcome". This basically means if the winning candidate's share of the Electoral votes is high most likely his popular votes will be too. The next reason is that its everyone's president. Like Romney he only focused on benefiting the one region and the Electoral College had no favor in that and as a result he got no gains from them. The third reason is "swing state" like Richard calls it. The "toss up states" are the ones who really decide the election. Voters in those states pay more attention to the campaign since they are the ones who will decide the outcome. The last two reasons are the big states and avoiding run-off elections. A large state gets more attention from Presidential candidates in a campaign then a small state does. The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candiates receives a majority of the votes cast.

These five reasons make the electoral College what it is now. Most voters dont watch the Presidential campaign's and chose whoever. The Electoral College is fulled with educated people who actually take the time and watch and study the campaign's so their vote is the vote that makes a difference. Despite the Electoral College's lack of democratic pedigree its still should stay.          