To Mrs. Principal:

This letter is concerning your considerations of implementing the policy of requiring school sports players to maintain a B average (3.0 GPA) in order to play their respective sport. For some students, this policy is outrageous and should be thrown out of consideration, for others such as myself, we believe that it is fully justified and would help drive students to achieve higher grades so that they may continue to participate in their sport.

To allow students to perform poorly and still play sports in the school is, in my opinion, rewarding unacceptable work. Education should always come before sports, and if one can get by with C's or D's and continue to participate in Football or whatever else pleases them, then they won't be driven to complete their work with an effort, because they don't need to achieve in academics to achieve in their sport. Education is number one, then comes Football, or Soccer, or Baseball, or Track, and the leniency with academic performance doesn't support that basic fact.

If a B average is the minimum for participation, then it may inspire students (who would otherwise just float by) to do their work, do it well, and bring home a nice progress report every few weeks. Isn't the goal of every school to inspire their students and bring them to a successful life? If the minimum became a 3.0 GPA, then students would strive to become better in school so that they may play their favorite sport(s). It would be a win/win situation: fantastic grades and a wonderful experience in their after-school sport.

I hope that you take this letter into your consideration, and I hope you decide well on this policy. Some may disagree, some may downright despise the policy, but in the end, it does everyone a favor, and that's hard to argue with from a logical standpoint. In the end, it's the simple fact that education comes before all else, because it's more likely that one would become a doctor, a lawyer, or an engineer than a professional sports player, and allowing the minimum work to pass won't help the student later on in life.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME

A concerned student.