More companies are pouring in more and more money trying to make the perfect driveless cars but pursuing the driveless car is a negative thing for car manufacturing should not be pursued. Developing driveless cars could make driving easier but is a neagtive thing becuase there is a big safety concern, it can make driving boring, and it still requires the assitance of the driver.

Driveless cars have huge and complicated safety risk. Driveless cars are not perfectly save and can cause major problems when driving in places with construction or complicated traffics or complicated driving routes and if the driver does not take control of the car, the driver and the passengers in the cars and other people can get seriously injured. Driveless cars are so doubted for their safety that certain states have limited the use or banned them from being driven or tested in their state roads, a few states who have done this is Calforina, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia. Driveless cars who notify people when to take over if the emergency are still not that safe as they have no effective to notify the driver that he should take over, many companies have tried different techniques but none of them have found an effective way to get the drivers attention in case the drivers needs to take over because the car cant handle the roads or sencario it is in. Without an effective way to get the drivers attention, to take over if the time is needed, the car can have an major accident because the driver attention was caught to take over the car and the car couldn't handle the situation, leading to an accident. Even with accidents the problems do not end their, many people and car manducatures and companies do not know if you blame the driver or the manfucaturing. With this not settled out, you getting in an accident because techonolgy an compnay has put in a car was incapable of handling safe driving could make you be blamed for the accident and making you pay alot of money to fix your car and damages while the company who put this faulty techonolgy in the car, walk away with no problems. Driveless cars are dangerous and can be hazardous to the driver and the people around the driver and also leave you to deal with the consequences of an accident.

Driveless may seem cool at first, being able to drive all by thereself and not needing the help of any real person but what does that do to the driver. With driveless cars it makes driving cars for the driver boring. Driving without driveless cars was a joy and something people love to do but with driveless cars it ruins the experinece as you do not get to control the car anymore and just have to watch it drive itself. This has been a big problem for car companies as they have to get people to buy their car and enjoy the ride and the car and companies do not know how to do that. Werner Huber who is the BMW project manger said that with cars being able to drive by themselves they have to find new ways to attract and make the costumers enjoy the car and they can not find a way to do that without putting the driver adn the passengers at risk. The only things they have founded to make the car enjoyable to drive with driveless cars is entrainment systems or texting but all these may be enjoyable to the driver but also puts the driver at risk.

Driveless cars are cars that are suppose to be able to drive by themselves with nobodies assitance but that is not true. These so called driveless cars are not driveless car but are cars that can do basic functions of driving but when anything hard pops up, the driver has to drive the driveless car. This is a real problem becasue having a driveless car should mean that the car should be able to drive without the help of the driver but they can not and make the driver just sit there in the driver seat, staring out the window waiting and getting bored, so they can drive the driveless car when it is in a hard driving condition and if they do not do that they are in risk of a harazardous accident. One of the most technonlgical advances car made by BMW, is a driveless car and is suppose to be driveless car but is it really, the car can only handles speeds up to 25 miles per hour and any faster and the driver has to take over and even when the car is driving itself the driver needs to keep his or her hands on the steering wheel. These self proclaimed driveless cars may look like driveless car but they are not, they require as much assiatant from a real person as non-driveless cars do.

Companies all over the world are spending money to make the best driveless car out there but is it really worth it. Driveless cars are not a positive aspect to the automotive industry but is a negative aspect of the industry. These so called driveless cars need the assistance of real life human drivers as much or even sometimes more then regular non-driveless cars, these driveless car also are extremely boring to drive and ride for the driver adn companies can't find a way to fix it, and last but not least these driveless cars are hazardous. These cars can cause accidents, can not deal with hard driving, and can leave you with the consequnces of a horrible accident. Driveless cars might sound amazing and awesome part of the future but it is an negative aspect of the automotive industry and letting that negative aspect get s foothold in the future will be disatorous. 