Have you ever played a sport for your school? Well as an experienced athlete I know it can be hard to balance the never ending piles of homework when you have to spend most of your time training. And it's not just sports that have that effect it's all extracurricular activities. When a student joins on of these activities they don't know what they are signing up for, because they are really just an extra load of stress onto the crippled backs of today's students. Forcing students to participate in extracurricular activities is really just extra stress, helping you get bad grades, and all together effecting you negatively.

First off, Sports, Sports are probably the most important thing in many of students lives. Sports are getting them scholarships pushing them to get better grades, and become healthier people overall. But when a student joins a sports team he is taking precious time away from his day where he could be doing his homework, spending time with his family, or even babysitting his little sister so his mom dosen't have to pay extra money for a babysitter. Sports are an extracurricular activity and so is yearbook club, and robotics club, but they all have the same effect on students, a negative one. When one person has to deal with all of this at once their output is stress, lots of stress. Stressed students get bad grades even when they're striving to get them up, stressed students make bad decisions, and stressed student are more grumpy, and snappy. All of these different emotions piled up causes students to try and find a different output, and that's where drugs, and alcohol come in, they strike when a student is weak. But thats not the only negative side effect of out of school activities because they really do destroy your grades

Then again Grades are some of the most important things in any one person's life. Grades make or break people. Grades determine whether or not you get the job or you don't get the job, they give you life but they can also take it away. When a student get good grades joy floods into their life, their parents are proud, their teachers are proud, you auto-matically become glowing like a star. But when bad grades come along they contribute to stress, and usually your parents are not proud, neither are your teachers. Bad grades send students plummeting to rock bottom. Extracurricular activities are a leading cause in bad grades because they provide less time to study, do homework, sleep, and get the better grade. And when it comes to after school clubs they might not seem big but they are, they take away even more time and money because of all the competitions and contributions you have to make to those type of things. After school activities are a roller coaster that only goes up once in a blue moon. They effect you negatively, and it's not right to force them upon students.

When it comes to grades, sports, or any club the effect's that they have on students is clear, not a good one. Forcing student to participate in something that effects them negatively is wrong, and should never happen, ever. Being in the negative can be good sometimes though, for example when you have negative twenty-one fires burning your house ( No fires burning your house) or when your electricity bill is a negative (that means they owe you money). But in most cases being in the negative is NOT a good thing, like extracurricular activities. Negatives and after school activities don't mix because all that happens is more negative things. A negative plus a negative is not a positive, its more negatives. So in the end you have to understand that extracurricular activities are wrong, and not OK.

Finally, Forcing students to participate in after school activities bring stress into their lives, worsens their grades, and puts them really low on a negative scale. Extracurricular activities are a bad idea for any dedicated student to participate in, yet here we are still getting sign ups every day. So if you could take home anything in your brain that you just learned I would like you to ask yourself: should we even have after school activities.