Dear Florida State Senator,

Im writing this letter because I think that keeping the Electoral Collage is unfair to the citizens of the united staes and the candidates running for president. I think that keeping the Electoral Collage is unfair for many reasons. When i read this passage it gave me a claim, to get rid of the Electoral Collage, and it gave me the counter claim, to keep the Electoral Collage. Both the claim and counterclaim gave facts to show what they thought was right, but as i read this passage i thought that we shouldnt keep the Electoral Collage.

The main reason i think we should not keep the Electoral Collage is because its unfair. For example when citizens of the united states go to vote on election day every four years and they vote for who they would do the best job at making choices for our country. Their vote doesnt go to the candidates it goes to the Electoral Collage. I think that is unfair because its atcually them who get to pick the president of the united states not the citizens. That is also unfair for the candiates becuase they spend alot of time and money to get people to vote for them and when the people vote for them it doesnt really count because the Electoral Collage atcually picks who is and is not president.

I also dont like the winner take all method of voting. When that happens its like the other peoples vote never counted. When the winner take all method happens voters in toss up states are more likely to pay attention to the campaign. They receive the most information and attention from the candidates. Even if they go all out when its time to start voting that doesnt mean that they should be able to decide the election. Everyone elses vote matters too.

Some People think that the Electoral Collage should stay because they think that the Electoral Collage is a process not a palce. The passage says "The Electoral Collage process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress." That just pretty much showed us how they Electoral Collage system worked. Even though most people think that the system should stay I think it should go. It should go for many reason. The main reason that I think it should go is because its not fair.

- PROPER_NAME            