Dear Principal,

I wish to address you on how you are considering making community service a requirement for students. First off I'd like to express my feelings on community service then I would like to go on to talk about whether making it required would be a good idea or not.

Community service is a great opportunity to help others. It not only helps and brings happiness to others but in ways you'll find that doing community service can help you too. Many people do it so willingly because of the good feelings they get from knowing that they're making a difference and benefiting someone else without them having someone to pay them to do it. It also helps people greater understand charity and service to others of which the feelings you get from doing these things come no other way. In the end most people feel accomplished and they are sometimes helped just as much as the people they were helping. They volunteer most of the time not for money but for reasons like what i just talked about.

Though great experiences and feelings can come from doing community service bad ones can too. When forced to do something a persons natural reaction is to strike out against or oppose it. The students might start to feel this way such as convicts who are assigned community service by the state do. If this happens the service will be done poorly with little effort and the feelings that are supposed to come from it will be pushed away. In this way of service and in your plan to force the students into it they might skip it even and more importantly they wont learn any lessons or feel any emotions but annoyance. So if you can't force them to do it then how can you get them to do community service?

Encouragement is the answer. By helping and asking politely and advertising community service there will be a far better chance that students will do it, but more importantly they will want to do it. Get the students excited about it and they'll do it and be able to freely experience the great blessings community service has to offer for both sides. Yes you will have a lot less people that end up doing it, but the people that do will be excited, motivated and ready to make a difference in the world one community at a time.

Sincerely a student that cares