Dear Principal,

I think people with a b average should be able to play sports because there grade is a little above average. I think people with a c average should be able to play sports just like people who have a b. People with a b average should be able to play sports because they do they school work, they do there homework, and they keep there grades up. People with a c average should be able to play they do there work but they can do better to improve there work. Students who have a c or above average should play sports. The students with a b average can help kids keep there grade so the other kids can play sport too. I think people who have a c or a b average can play sports the work hard to keep up there grades so they can help the team win.

If I change the policy it would be people with a c or above average can play sports but students who have a d or below can't play. The students with a d or below can not play because they do not work hard to keep there grades up. The students that have a d or below think they can play sports, but do not have to do the work. The students with c or above should be able to play sports because they work hard everyday to keep there grade up. The people who work think I have to do my work before I can play sports. the students with d or below just come to school to have fun and hang with friend and don't really care about school, but instead the people with c or above like to come to school and like to learn about different things.

In the conclusion, if I was the principal I would change the policy to where kid who want to learn and like coming to school should be able to play sports. The kid who want be a student before and athletic should play. The students with d or below should try to focus more on school work than thinking about playing sports. The students who don't try really don't care they just want to play sports because they are good at it and they care about there grades. These are the reason why student with c or above should play sports and people with d or below should not be able