The "Face On Mars" is getting talked about a lot lately. Many people have different opinions about the face. If you aren't familiar with the "face on mars" then you're probably wondering why there is an argument going around. You're probably wondering this exact question: "Why is there a big argument about "The Face On Mars?" The folllowing details and information will be informing you exactly why scientists and theorists are having different opinions about the peculiar face.

Some scientists are saying that the face up on the moon was not created by aliens because of all the research they have done with and about it. One example that tells you why it isnt an alien artifact is the shadows. The only way the messa (face on the moon) was able to have facial features was because of the shadows that was cascading down upon it. The shadows gave an illusion of eyes, a nose, and also a mouth.

Another example, would be the pictures that the scientists have taken. The first picture that was taken was taken on a cloudy day. The picture was to blurry to be able to make out any details. In 1998, Michael Malin and his MOC team took another picture that was ten times sharper than the first. One of the cameras they had contributed greatly to the search, since that camera was so sharp they would have easily been able to find any markings from extraterrestrial beings.

Also another detail helping the scientists was the weather. The weather took a massive part in this study. Since it wasn't a clear day at all and there were "wispy clouds", like in paragragh eight, the MOC team could not get a clear picture. When the team comes back to take yet another picture it is a clear day and with that clear day they are able to pick out any details from the "artifact" if there are any to pick out.

A final example, is how they compared the face to a formation on Earth. The scientists compared the face to the Snake River Plain of Idaho because of how similar they are. They are similar in a way because of the isolated messa, height, and landforms.

Theorists are saying the exact oppsoite from the researchers. Here is an example fo why they thought it was a true artifact. A few scientists themselves thought that is wasn't just a landform but something more. Since the scientists believed many people instantly believed too. They didn't think about the research that was done, but they chose to believe the few scientists.

An example that would support the idea of them believing, is that there were many movies made about the face. Many people believe everything they hear and what they see on T.V.

A final example is, how the skeptics thought it was created. "If the aliens didn't create it then how did it form?" That question was most likely going through their mind, trying to figure out if they should believe science and research or they should believe movies and others.

Yes, i understand how skeptics actually believe that the face was made by aliens because they dont know how it was created. They don't know who created it either. Scientists are proving that it was weather that created the formation and maybe even astroides. Theorists may also thinking that the haze prevented the scientists from seeing the alien's markings. If weather and haze prevented that then why didn't the scienists see the markings on the next photo that they took. That photo was even ten times shaprer.

The examples I have lsited help inform you why there is an argument going on about the face. Science clears and explains a lot more phenonmon than opinions and belifes do.    