Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. That might a good idea for some students but not all. Today, many High Schoolers from the age of 15 to 18 have jobs. They work part time to help their parents pay for their phone bills, cars or something else. Sometimes they might want to work more, but school is 5 days a week, they have to do homework every night even on weekends. Going to work after school is very overwhelming. They get out at 9 or 10 depends on where they work, go home and do their homework, then go to bed probably late, and have to get up early the next morning. That goes on days after days. Many students can get stressed out easily. So I think attending classes online or video conferencing help lots of students who have jobs. Staying at home and study is still better than waking up and getting ready early in the morning to go to school. That might not be a big problem in summer or spring. But winter is the worst time of the year for students. The sun rises later than usually and sets earlier. It gets really cold and there is frozen ice on streets. Nobody wants to get up early and go to school or work when the sun hasn't even risen and frezzing weather outside. Of course they want to wrap around in their blankets and sleep in. But in the other hand, attending to school directly is better for some students. Leaning and teaching face to face is always easier than online. You could ask the teachers directly if you don't understand, and I think the teachers would be teaching and explaining in a better way face to face. Plus, you can meet new friends, socialize and participate in sports or any activities at school. So in the bottom line. I think it's better to combine both ways. The students can attend school everyday, except for snow days. They can take classes online since they can't make it to school. Cut the students some slack on some Fridays. They can stay home and attend classes online. Or only apply on seniors. Because it's their last year and they have lots of work to do. But in my opinion. Attending clases online or directly at school don't matter. What matters is that the students find their best ways to learn and relieve stress.          