Almost all students love Summer vacation. But this time out of school is also a major halt in leaning. This halt can cause students to fall out of the rhythm of daily learning and cause them to forget material taught during the previous school year. This is why schools started implementing Summer projects to keep students engaged in learning. Summer projects have been traditionally designed by teachers but some people argue that students should be designing these projects. Teachers should be designing the Summer projects because they know more about the material, they would make it challenging enough, and it would be an easy and simple process.

One reason teachers should be designing the Summer projects is because they know more about the material. Many of these teachers have been teaching this information for a couple years. This means that these teachers have a good idea of what the students know from this school year and what information they should be prepared for in the coming school year. This information would greatly aid in making the Summer projects because the teachers would know how to format it in a way that students are familiar with but also prepares them for the new information that will be presented in the next school year. This would be very helpful to kids because it sets them up for success in the next year.

Another reason why teachers should be designing the Summer projects is because they would make it challenging enough. If kids tried to create a Summer project, it would most likely result in an easy assignment that would take no effort. This would destroy the entire purpose of the summer assignment and give no benefit to the student. But if teachers designed it, then it would more likely be a project of an acceptable rigor. The projects needs to be challenging enough that it keeps kids engaged in learning so they will benefit from it.

The last reason teachers should be designing the Summer projects is because it would be a easy and simple process. If a couple teachers get together and make the Summer project it would be easy for them to make a rubric to go along with it. If the students make the Summer project then it would be much more of complicated .

The students would most likely have to brainstorm ideas and pick one for the project which would take time, then pitch the idea to the teachers and wait for approval, and then after all that is done the teachers have to use a project that they did not make to create a rubric for grading. This seems like a lot of extra work when it could easily be simplified by the teachers creating the project.

Some people may argue that if the kids design the project they will be more engaged and willing to complete it, but the pros of teachers creating the project definitely outweigh the cons. Summer projects are extremely helpful and important to students learning experience. This is why it is so important that these projects are well constructed and thought out. Considering all this, it is clear that the best people to complete the task of creating these projects are teachers.