The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. Under the electoral college, voters vote not for the president, but for a state for electors, who in turn elect the president. The main problem with this is that most of the time voters are oblivious to who their electors vote for. In some cases, "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party candidate and cast a deciding vote for whome ever they please... The states pick the electors that vote for us citizens.

Sometimes the president doesn't even get the most popular vote, but they recieve enough electoral college votes, is this system a scam?

Many accross the world believe this is true, you wanna know why? During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad. How whould these voters know who to vote for if they didn't have any idea who was running? They didn't!

People are getting worried and starting to get upset, many asking questions to the public, only to be hushed by the government. The main question everyone wants to know the answer to and are asking is:

When is this whole syatem going to fall apart at the seam?

Some even believe the election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe.

Is the electoral college system ever going to change?

There are a couple reasons for retaining the electoral college despite it's lack of democraic pedigree;all are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons. Despite the reasons the electoral college is still the unfair, outdated, and irrational system it could be.

In the facts I have presented, I believe that we need a change in many of our systems, Today the most needed change is the electoral college system. Many of us don't realize, but sooner or later this can come back and bite us in the butt. (As so they say.) Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. . . .                                                                                                                            