The Challlenge of Exploring

Venus

The article is about venuse that some time called be the Evening star.

Venus is actually a planet in the oue solar system. is on the brightest point of light in the night sky. It is the closest planet to the earth. and occasionally the closest in distance like Earth, Venus, and Mars, the other neighboer orbit the sun at different type of peeds mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and the other timer to the Venuse. We as a humans have sent numerous spacecraft to the land on cloud draped world. Venus reputation as a challenging planet for the human to be study by despite its proximity to us.

`The 97 percent carbon diocide to a thck atmsphere of almost venuse. The planet surface temperatures average was over 800 degrees Fahrenteit. The atmospheric pressure 90 timer up graster the other planrt. venus has the most hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solae system. Venusian geology and the weather temperatures present additional impedimente-s like ower earthquakaker, they can kill people or make people sick. sacientists even discussing further to it surface, Astronomers are fascrinated ny the venus becanuse once have themost Eath like long ago. Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth.

NASA has one particulartarly compelling idea for swending human to study Venus as possible has the solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venuse thta wopuld allow scientists to the float above the fray. air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth.

Venus is from a ship orbiting that safely for above the planet can porvide only limited on the ground of condition because most form of the light cannot penetrate the dense.

venus surface and have lasted fir three weeks such conditins. these devices were the first envisioned in the 1800s and plaed am important role in hte 1940 during world war ll.

travelesls on Earth could be had but beyond should not be limeited the dangers thing that is happen should dould be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.              