I believe that the Electoral College vote should be abolished because they are not giving citizens their rights to vote, there is certainty of outcome, the winner takes all method that they are doing, and the voting electors are not voting percisely. That is why I believe that the Electoral College should be abolished.

To me I believe that the Electoral College is cruel and unusual punishment, because they are not giving citizens their voting rights. They make it seem like the citizens are going to be the ones voting for the president but in reality the citizens are actually voting for electors whom are going to be voting for the president. The Electoral College is regarded as an anachronism that should be overuled. Its declaring the canidate with the most vote to be the winner, which is not really giving the citizens the chance to vote for they want to be their president. Advocates are arguing about the Electoral College not being a modern sense, and how it is the electors voting for the president and not the people/citizens. When citizens vote for the president they dont actually know that theya re voting for a slate for the elelctors.

They Electoral College has a massive rate in certainty of outcome. Just like the dispute over outcome of votes that happened in 2000 can happen again, because the electors are not being fair with the votes. This is becasue the winning canidate shares his popular vote with the electorals. Just like Barack Obama was elected for president, he only recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral votes compared to the popular votes of 51.3 percent. Almost all the states award electoral votes with the winner-takes- all mehtod that they created. A tie can be possible in electorals votes but, the total number of votes is 538 which is an even number but, is not very likely that it would happen.

The electors are not voting fair or percisely. It can and has been argued that the Electoral College ways of selecting the president may turn voters for a cannidate who has no hope for running a state. Democrats in either Texas or  Republicans in California dont pay not type of attention to the voting or even to the president that was picked by the popular votes. The Electoral College has no intention in trying to change thier pursiut for electing a president so that citizens will have a chance to cast a vote on picking who they believe should be president.

I believe that the Electoral College should be abolished, because they are not giving citizens their rights to vote, certianty of outcome , the winner-takes-all method, and electors are not voting fair and perisely. I also believe that if they use something more mordern that it would make it esaier for voting and electing so theat they wont have to worry about the problems with electing a new president.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 