The" "Face" may look like it's a human face but it's not. Anything can make anything look drastic or cool. But there is no way that it could be a human inside of Mars. It's way to sketchy for it to be like that. So I'm gonna go ahead and tell you why I think this is why I don't think it is a human at all.

The face structure hasn't changed any of those pictures. If it was human, in a couple of months or years (maybe), your body becomes rotton and turn into nun but bones. If it was human, then it would have body parts along side with it. There's no body parts near it except rocks and holes. Besides, the picture look like it was taking from a pretty far distance for the head is bigger then that boulder next to it.

The fact that I know that it's not a face, notice how by years go by, the face starts looking like an sand temple. The thing with it is that on the top of it, it looks like another face on it, like a rebuilded electronic robot. But, when 2001 came by, it started looking like an a map or a super hard shell. All of these things that were on Mars looks different by the years. Now, in 2016, I bet it looks like a guided map to wear it started to wear it landed at.

There's no doubt that this is just some random structure because there were no oxygen, nor water, on mars, in 1976. It's pretty much impossible to live there unless, your from NASA. Then again, there still are rumors about alien's existing. So what if there was a alien who killed an human and left it there? If you notice now, the structure of the "Face", how it fades away, it starts looking like an cracked shell.

I want to believe that there is life on Mars, but the thing is that Mars "probably" have alien's there. As no one has thought about it, alien's could be legit. Just because we see a face on Mars means one thing, but the fact that it's whole entire bottom half of it's neck-to-bottom part is gone. Just because it changed up doesn't mean,"Oh, it must have cleared up since it's been there for a while". I doubt that because, no human being can walk on Mars with no protection on that can keep him/her alive. If your going to Mars, make sure you need a quite bit of protection. But, if you actually do see an alien, just run, because it's best staying alive instead of wind up dead in the middle of no were on Mars.