Electoral college has helped in many ways. Many people have suggested keeping the electoral college or changing to election by popular vote for the president of United States. I believe that changing to election by popular vote for the president would be best bescause first the more people who vote its easier to determine who would become president and because it will aviod any problems having to choose for president. Changing the election by popular vote can change things in the united states.

Now a days  alot of things have helped the electoral college but in other cases it has not . Changing to election by popular vote can help by choosing the winner and still having its defenders. Also it may help by when they need to find out the winner they know exactly who it is . They can get their election faster and quicker by changing the election vote to the most popular vote for the united states. People still suggest that keeping the electoral college would be better but chnging it to popular vote would be the best option .

Presidents and electors have had trouble with the eletoral college when having to elect for president of the united states . If changing it to popular vote for president it will sviod any troubles and problems when electing the president . They will still have senators and still have enough votes to choose and elect the president and have no problem at all. Like people may think yes , electoral college should stay and should not be changed to popular vote in electing the president but i think that is best . Everyne has their own opinion in matters like this but in this case i think whats best to change the electoral college .

In conclusion to this everything is always done for the better and i think that changing the elcetors to popular vote for the president would be easier and less problems for alot of people. Making change is better and helps others. Especially if its changing for the elections and having to do with the president . Everything is better if you choose to elect the president by most votes it creates better things and makes life so much easier .    