Some schools require summer projects to keep students learning over there summer break. Students should be allowed to design the project so they enjoy it more since the project takes place during summer break. These summer projects should be student designed because students will be more interested in the project, the grades will be higher, and it will make life easier on teachers.

If students are designing the project they must do over summer break then it will be on something interesting so they have more fun with it over summer. Student designed projects will be on a topic that interests them. Since the students have designed the project then they will enjoy more because they whatever topic it is on interesting. The interest on the project will also result in students handing in better work by the time summer comes to an end. Students will also enjoy working on this project a lot more if it is on something that interests them. Let's say student is working on the project and it is on a topic that is not interesting to them. That lack of interest on doing the project will result in worse grades and some students just not doing it. That is why students should get to design there own project over the summer, so the interest levels will be higher.

Another great reason the students should get to design is that the overall grades on this project will be higher.

It is very unlikely that students get a high grade on something that they didn't enjoy doing, which is why if students designed their own project then they will likely get a higher grade on it. For students working on something that is not enjoyable will result in a lack of effort and a worse grade. If the students got to pick there own project then they will enjoy working on it and will then get a better grade because they gave more effort. Coming up with their own project will also serve as extra motivation to get a good grade on the project. If students created there own project then they won't want to fail something that they made. That extra motivation to not fail something that they created will result in higher overall grades on the project. This another good reason as to why students should be allowed to create their own projects over the summer.

A third good reason as to why summer projects should be student made is that it will make life easier for the teachers. It is good for teachers if students make their own project because then teachers don't have to work late coming up with a project. If teachers are forced to work longer to come up with a project then it might not be that good. It won't be a good project because teachers will start to get tired which will result in errors on the project, which is why students should make their own project. students designing their own project will also give teachers extra time to do other things. while the students are coming up with ideas on what the project should be about teachers will have time to grade all the other work the students have. This will also remove the pressure off the teacher because instead of worrying about making a project they will be able to com up with better lesson plans and more fun stuff to do while school is still going on.

This is why students should get to make their own projects instead of teachers making it for them. These summer projects should be student designed because students will be more interested in the project, the grades will be higher, and it will make life easier on teachers. Those are just three reasons as to why students should get to make their own project for summer.              