Today, majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis. There is a new law called "hands free" where people that own a cell phone cannot operate it while driving. This has effected people that own motor vehicles in many ways. People need their phones to direct their self's places or answer emergency texts or calls.

The new "hands free" law is a law where no one can hold their phone while driving. This has effected people with older cars and even newer cars to this day. As this law is in set, people have to connect their phone to Bluetooth to be able to talk on the phone. For example, if you're driving and someone calls, you have to have your phone connected to Bluetooth to be able to talk. In some cases this can be bad for the driver and other people driving on the road also. If your phone isn't connected to Bluetooth while you're driving, there can be a high risk of a crash when you're connecting your phone to Bluetooth. In some cases, there could also be an emergency call you have to answer, and people that don't have Bluetooth in their car can be effected by this law. The "hands free" law shouldn't be a law.

Although the government thinks the hands free law is going to help the risk of crashes, the hands free law could be much less safe than using your hands. "Incredibly, they also spent less time watching the road, even when they were texting by voice." Stated in the Text Free is No Safer to use while driving. The Texas A&M Transportation institute studied people driving a closed course under three conditions: while texting by hand, while texting by voice, and by not texting at all. It seems as if texting by voice should be safer than looking at your phone, but studies show that texting by voice and by looking at your phone, the reaction time is still the same.

The hands free law can affect you in a positive or negative way. Yes, talking on the phone while your driving is a dangerous distraction. "Many studies have shown that the level of distraction has more to do with the intensity of the conversation" Stated in the "Total bans may be impractical" debate. Studies show, an in depth conversation that requires a good deal of thought causes a higher level of distraction than a relatively short. The time and the length of the phone call is what is dangerous.

Even though the hands free law can help with the risk of car accidents and keep people off their phones while driving, studies have shown that wether your texting by voice or looking at your phone the risk of crashing is the same. The hands free law should not be in play.                  