Dear Mr Principal,

My name is STUDENT_NAME and I am a student of your school.

I do not think that it is a good idea to require students to perform community service.

I, for one, enjoy doing community service, but if it is required, many other students may be upset and object.

The students might be upset because maybe some don't like the community, or doing any extra work.

Other students may be unhappy with the idea because they may have to give up some of the extracurricular activities in order to find time to do community service work.

First of all, many kids at my school do not have enough time to do any amount of community service.

Some teens have sports, commitments, and maybe even part-time jobs.

Others may have to watch their younger siblings at home because their parents come home late at night and are unable to care for the little children.

Therefore, teens in these types of situations would not be able to do any community work, or they would have to give something up, like a sport that they love ,or a job that they need to support their family.

Second, some families do not like this community and do not agree with how it works.

The kids from those families would probably get in trouble because their beliefs, and would have to do service even though they don't want to.

This may cause disagreements with the school and the family.

I think it would be a bit unfair.

Lastly, other people think that this doing community service is not important because they do not feel like part of it, or maybe they just don't like it that much.

I know a couple of people that would never do community service, and if they had to , they would do it half-heartedly and with disdain.

Although doing community service is a great thing, should people really be doing it if they don't want to?

I believe that no one should do community service if they aren't going to put their whole heart and effort into it.

If kids who don't want to do community service are required to do so, their work would probably be ineffective because of lack of their work motive.

These are just some reasons why I think requiring students to do community service work is a bad idea.

Thank you for taking your time to read this.

From Your Student,

STUDENT_NAME