Do you think it is a good idea to succeed? I believe it is good to succeed in life, that is why seeking opinions from multiple people helps you succeed. I believe seeking help from multiple people can help you make better decisions. A couple reasons why I think that is, It helps you succeed in life, It helps when making a decision, and an example is that I made a great decision In my life.

First, seeking multiple opinions helps people succeed in life. One way is when going to college. College is very important to people's life and people giving opinions to them is encouraging them that is will be fun. Another way is when a person is mad at somebody. People encouraging them to stop can help them stop being mad. The last reason is when somebody is taking a test they can get help. When they are stuck then can ask a question to the teacher and can get a opinion on the question and then that can help them get the question right. Get multiple opinions it will help you succeed in life.

Second, getting multiple opinions helps when making a decision. It helps when picking out what shirt or shorts or any type of clothing they want. When they dont know what type of clothing they want to buy multiple opinions can help a lot when not knowing what to get. It also helps when picking which shoe they want and which one is the best for them. Opinions from parents and the workers that are helping the person will help them see if the shoes fits and if it is the right type for them. It also helps when the person doesnt know which place they want to go to. Getting opinions and ideas from friends will help when picking which place you want to go. Multiple opinions helps a person when making a decision.

The last one is that I made a good decision. One day I was playing basketball and this guy got mad because i blocked his shot. After I blocked his shot he wanted to fight me. So he came after me, he laid a punch on my chest. It hurt pretty bad. I wanted to fight him and punch him back so badly because I wanted to stick up for myself. Then, my friends who we were playing with said,"Don't punch back it is not the right thing to do," so i didint punch back and I walked away and went home. I was OK, but I had a big bruise on my chest. That is an example of how multiple opinions from others can help you make better decisions. If I would have not walked away, we would have got into a big fight. So, I am glad that I walked away. My parents were very happy as well. Always make the right decision and the good choice not the bad choice.

I believe seeking a lot of opinions will help you make better decisions in life. Seeking multiple decisions can help you succeed in life, It can also help when making a decision and, lastly I made a very good decision in my life. Always seek a lot of opinions before doing things that they are not sure about.