Does taking classes from home benefit students.

People might said that,taking classes from home is a bad idea, that is not useful that kids don't learn and they do nothing. In case other people will said that it benefit kids , that keep them safe and I will agree by saying that taking classes from home benefits kids.

Well I think that parents, who decided that their kids need to take classes online is for one of many reasons. for example , I will provided you three reasons why

I think kids do home classes and it does benefits them and yes they learn from it .

Parents are famous and they cant send their kids to a regular school,kids might be in danger and they can attend school because of that or it might be because they have any medical condition.

First reason why students take classes from home is probably because their parents are famous people and they know that, if they send their kid to any school, people will be chasing them,asking for pictures all the time or may be telling them bad stuff. Parents know that in that situation kids are going to be frustrated about it, sad, angry and defently they will not be able to concentrated at school. It will be hard for them to be free and enjoy school. For example on of my friends he is very famous in my country and also in here wherever he goes people is always chasing him, hi has a kid that is 6 .years old but he said that the hardest part is when the little boy goes out all of these people get to him and he gets scared. That's why he said that he decided to pay for home classes, and they prefer their kids to take classes at home. Kids will feel free and no body will be making them feel uncomfortable.

Second reason it could be because the life of any kid can be in danger and the parent of the kid and also any school will know it. They know that if any kid, that is been treated lets said by any organization, attends to school people will try to harm him or it can become a bigger problem. Because the school will defently knows that if they received that kid at school they will be putting the life of many other kids at school in risk and they will not take that change. Of course parents are not going to allow that their kids to be harm or kill. That's why the school or parents proffered to have their kid to take his/her classes from home he/she will be safe and other people too, the kid will get a really good benefit from it because he will learn and he will be safe and other people will be too.

Last reason why students get benefits from taking classes at home is probably because they have any medical condition and it's hard for them to attend any school. They will feel shame,afraid,scared and they will be thinking that everyone at school is going to make fun of He/She, that they will bully Him/Her and of course as I have said before parents will never for any reason are going to let their kids to be unhappy to feel bad to feel frustrated and feel that no body love them that's why they let their ids stay at home and take classes from it so that way they learn and no body will harm them make they feel worthless.

in conclusion,parents who made the decision to let their kids stay at home and take classes from home they make one of the biggest and hardest decisions in life. Because they know that kids will be safe nobody will hurt them, be hunting them , no body will hurt them, tell them mean stuff. They will not feel embarrassed to let people see them, Parents know that defently is not going to be the same that it will not be the same as if he was listening directly to his teacher and getting his note but they know that at least his kids are going to be safe and they will learn to they will still get benefits from it.

When you want the best for your kids and you love them more that life itself, you do what you got to do if that means to pay for his classes in other to keep them safe,and we all know that people might talk and told you that doing home classes isn't going to help you. But you know that is not true, you got to keep working working hard because sometimes students come to school, but they do nothing. What they do is get in problems fight, with other classmates or eventhey fight whith their teachers,they used drugs at school but. If you know your kid is at home working and you see that he wants to learn the don't listen to the rest of the people.