To the state and the state's country, the election of our president must be seen carefully and wisely. As the citizens of the state, people must realize that choosing someone to take control of orders and regulations and the way the country evolves, is a process that needs to be thought of and taken fairly. The president is to serve the people of his country well with responisbilities that can vary to meet the needs of the country,but the electoral college seems to become more and more unfair to those who vote. It must be changed to meet the needs of giving a responisble president, a more trustworthy election and the votes cast must be directly towards him rather than the electors. In other words, the Electoral College must be changed to become more fair towards the citizens.

The United States Of America, is of course a massive country with large variations of different needs. All over, there are people who vary in opinions, beliefs and lifestyle which can cause the Election of the president to become an important subject matter. To meet the needs of so many people, instead the Electoral college must not choose a president that takes up space, but instead have a right mind to be responisble in taking charge of the country and the people.

There are many reasons why a responsible president must be choose. Things like creating rules to attend the needs of all citizens and create equality amongst them, to keeping harm from out of reach, the Electoral College should become much more wiser in choosing the right ruler to take control. In the article

What Is The Electoral College by the office of the Federal Register, it states that the election process is held every four years along with the after election prepared by the govenor titled "Certificate Of Ascertainment" which sums the canadidates and electors as well as the winning canadidate. It is obvious that the voters only know so much of what they vote for and do not really get a good taste of how the presidential canadidate is like. It can be clear that as a blind election, the voters have no hints of who they might be voting towards and in the end can cause a major catasrophe if a canadidate has very little intentions for the states. In agreement to the article the text

In the defense of the electoral college by Richard A. Posner it begins to sate the election of Romney who, by increasing his plurality and possesing only regional appeal, lost the peoples desire to vote for him thinking that the man has no regards for their interest and does not have any intentions of improving their needs or helping with creating a community where the people can rely on Romney. The actions taken began to change the thoughts of the citizens and create a petrifying conclusion that the man was not on the run to be everyone's president. This dilema could have been changed around if Romney had shown that he had cared more for his state and his country and thought more about the needs he could fill and the actions he could improve, then many of the voters would have most likely shown repsect and a desire for the man to be choosen as their new president. On the opposing hand Romney had not shown any of those qualities or passion which had caused for him to be thought of as unresponisble and selfish.

The country has more than thousands and thousands of people to serve and direct. It can be understood that having a large amount of citizens can result in uncertainty towards the election and the votes cast, yet it is yet to be changed to a more reasonable way of confronting it. With many systems such as "Winner-Take -All" due to states titled as the "Swing States," it can be an untrustworthy election fo rmany voters around the country. The election process not only need to be changed to select a more responsible canadidate, but to create a more trustworthy system of itself.

There is very little equality when it comes to elections especially, when the states are giving an unreliable system to choose for them. States that are considered "Toss Ups" are selfishly awarded the system named "Winner-Takes-All" due to how they apparently pay closer attention to the campaign. In the article

What Is The Electotal College by the office of the Federal Register, the method is first introduced in paragraph 7. Stating that the purpose of the "Winner-Take-All" system is not only,but to award all electors to the winning canadidate. It is said to be unrelaible and untrustworthy due to it's focus on states that appear t have more attention towards the election. On a more basic level, some states such as Rhode Island and South Carolina had not even witness the campaign and even leaving a few voters to have no say. Going back to the misunderstanding of the election of Romney,the country wittnessed an iresponsible canadidate that had ran for president. With the unreliable ridiculous system "Winner-Take-All" some states may or may not have even experienced how Romney had acted and his intentions towards the elections and the campiagn. With very little knowledge of the presidential canadidate and with limitations of voting and campaign ads, there is very little trust given towards the election process especially with more than a few states that are not being taken very seriously, with very little say. If the Electorial College could give off more information and more become more reliable towards all states, the process would be less sinister and more apreciated.

There are many more other factors in which the Electorial College must be changed to meet the appropriate dilemas and needs of the voters and their intentions towards the campaign. On the other hand, it has not changed at all only to stay unfair towards the entire country and possibly cause a catasrophe.

Let us say, there have been many incidents where elections have been on the edge of a major dilema. Wondering why a straight up orderly process can go to the point of a catasrophe, can all be easily explained as unfair.

All can be simplified in the article

Why Even The Best-Laid Defesnes of the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer, states back to the disater factor of the election of John F.Kennedy. It states back to the 1960's where faithless electors had pushed aside the votes and sayings of Louisiana had decided to vote for whomever they had wanted. It had caused a problem of course since the votes where not even of the people, but of the selfish sick minds of the electors who toke the process into their own hands. In the same paragraph it staes back to when the state of Hawaii had sent in two slates of electors to congress. With the unreliable actions of Richard Nixion,  had validated his opponent's electors of course to win over the campaign. once again another issue arises in the article

Five Reasons To Keep Our Despised Method Of Choosing The President, it agrees with the unfairness of the electorals by giving the example of how the Electorial College had turned off the potential voters due to the knowledge that their votes will be uncared for. In paragraph 23, it states that in the state of Texas, it was known that the votes would have know effect of the campaign what so ever. It aslo had staes that voters in politcal elections have no care rather than to express the political refrence than what the peole think or decide. This sums up that the process is unfair to many of the states voters and must be changed to become more open and share the equality with those who are losing thier trust.

In conclusion, the Electorial College mut be changed to meet the need of those who agree that is it irresponisble when givng a repsonisble president, a more trustworhty election and an unfair process. Yet this can all be fixed simply by changing the ways it is run and to give more freedom for the people.    