The elector college is a controversial subject today in america, based on many questionable policies that leave many americans confused and cheated. This is why I argue in favor of changing to election by popular vote for the president of the united states.

With the electoral college way of electing a president voters arent actually voting for the president, they are voting for a slate of electors who will then vote for the candidate. There are so many things that can go wrong when electing like this. Voters can't neccessarily control who their electors vote for, you may vote for a certain slate of electors but they may still go ahead and vote for someone else. Sometimes voters get confused and may vote for a slate of electors who are for the wrong candidate. For example, in 1960 segragationists in the Louisiana Legislature almost succeded in replacing the democratic electors with new ones who would oppose John F. Kennedy, so a popular vote for Kennedy would not actually go to him. Although these things dont happen all time their is always the possibility and why take that chance on such an important event, choosing our president the person who will lead our country.

In an election their really is a process of voting and voting again. Instead of couting the number of people who want a certain president and so on. We are viewed as a state and some states having more say than other even if the votes are in the same margin. This is the reason why some states are focused on more by the candidates and are heavily educated on the topic and given more attention than smaller states whose votes wont change much. an even bigger problem is te fact that most states operate on a winner-take-all basis so even a slight majority vote one way will give that person all of the votes. A very worrying prospect as expressed in source two is the possibility of a tie. in which the election would be given to the house of representatives. Each state only gets on vote so a representative representing 500,000 people would have as much say as representatives representing 35 million people. Why not just cut out all of the extra processes and focuses on the decision of the people directly.

Although there are many arguments against the electoral college there still are people who argue in favor of it. There is a certainty of outcome with this process. There will less likely be a run off election with this process. All in all the major arguments agaisnt this process outweigh the pros of it, which are few.

With all of the reasons to go against this process I think it is necessary to change the election to popular vote for the president. We need to give the voice directly back to the people of our country so we know that we really do choose our fate in these elections.                                                     