Dear Principal,

I believe that community service is extremely important and that all students should be required to perform some community service. Community service helps out the community a lot, so the students will be making their homes a better place to live and learn. Another thing that community service does is that it helps build character in a child, because they are constantly helping people out and doing the right thing. Next, community service will help with your education, because kids who do community service are more likely to get into a good college. Community service is a key element in our growth and development.

First of all, community service makes the place you live a better place, by creating a better environment to work, learn and live, as well as make everyone happier. The community benefits a lot from kids or adults actively participating in community service. Research shows, that the cleaner and more beautiful the town or city is, the happier the people are. Who is happy when they are living in a trash can? Community service helps clean up the town, by simple things like picking up trash, or larger projects like planting trees. Education also benefits from community service, because we can teach the younger generation skills they need to grow up. Also, a better looking school, would be a better place to learn, because the students will be happier and more motivated.

Secondly, students and adults who perform community service build a lot of character. This is because they are constantly helping people out, and doing the right thing. This way they will feel good about themselves, and will be a better person overall. I am a boy scout, and i always participate in activities such as, help cleaning up a state park, and help cleaning up the Connecticut River. After i do these things, i feel ready good about myself because i did the right thing, and helped out our community a lot. Furthermore, scientist have shown that students who do community service have a better chance of having a happy life than people who don't, because you will always feel good about yourself and how you have helped your community.

Another reason that community service is very important, is because many ivy league colleges, and other colleges in general, are always looking for people who regularly participate in community service and also volunteer. I personally knew a person, who didn't have all A's in school, and didn't get a great score on the SAT's, but she was an volunteer at a hospital and part of a organization that helps homeless people. She got accepted into Harvard University because she did all that community service. Community service helps out a lot in our lives, by both building character and also it helps tremendously in applying for college. In addition, it also helps a lot with our education, because last year we won our regional science bowl, because some high school students decided to help out our them and come to our practices to teach us. This was very helpful for us and we benefited a lot because of that. They probably also felt better about themselves that they were teaching the younger generation and helping us out. People don't know how much you can learn from kids older than you. you can probably learn more from them than teachers, because you look up to them and respect them the same or maybe more than your teachers. So community service is extremely in education.

In conclusion, I believe that community service helps out a lot with our growth and development, either by education, or building character. Both of those are super important in our life. Studies show that people who do community service are 3 times more likely to succeed than people who don't. And the community benefits from these acts too, because you are making your town a happier and better place to live. So please take my opinion into account, and make all the students do some community service.      