Cars are one of the most common things in most countries today. Not a day goes by where a person will not see a car drive by, it has become the main use of transportation and, for the most part, can be the easiest use of transportation. But, so many people have been getting cars lately, that some problems have been arising. For example, the gas that cars release can be harmful to the environment, cars overall have been making people much less active, and we can easily use electric cars instead of cars that run on gasoline.

To begin with, cars release chemicals from the gasoline that can pollute the air. "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." (Duffer 10). This states that the air has been getting so polluted that some cities have been temporarily banning the use of cars because of this issue. Earth has been getting too polluted and destroyed lately, to the point that some people have been trying to predict an "end is nigh" date due to all of these issues with earth. Scientists have been talking about global warming for years now, and the problems we have been having with the greenhouse effect and the ozone layer. "President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitous assist from an incipient shift in American behavior: recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." (Elisabeth Rosenthal 29). So it seems that the lower use of cars by Americans has been helping the atmosphere and postponing the date of the complete destruction of the ozone layer. That was why cars have such a big impact on the environment as a whole.

Next, cars have also been making people less active. One of the largest issues for parents in today's world is trying to get their children away from the computer, television, and cell phone. Technology has lessened the need for toys and books, since children entertain themselves with games on their tablets or books they download also on the tablet. But cars play a big part in this. When a person first gets a car, he/she feels free. You feel like the world is yours because you can go anywhere. But the problem is that people become less social with cars. Instead of going to play a sport with some friends, most people would rather drive somewhere else. It is also the reason the United States is ranked second in country with the most overweight people, vehicles are so unexpensive here that anyone is able to purchase a car and drive to their destination instead of riding a bicycle or skateboard and getting some real exercise. "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks" (Selsky 28). This also shows the improvement on the cities' sidewalks and the increase of people attending parks. Without cars, the streets look better and people recieve more exercise.

Finally, the use of cars is quite a problem but there is another solution: Electric cars. Electric cars are a new invention, and for the past decade they have been atempting at perfecting an electric car. The brand,

Tesla , has already released a few electric cars that seem to work quite well. The vehicles make no noise when driving, and they even have a new "sportsy" look to them, for th young adults that want a nice looking car. But the only problem is the battery. Electric cars are being banned in some states due to the lack of reliability with these batteries. They have not yet been perfected, and can cause accidents. But even with the risk one would be taking while driving one of these cars on the streets, it is still a fantastic replacement for normal cars, since it does not release anything that can harm the environment. So the best solution would be to wait a few years until the batteries get better and the prices drop, then purchase an electric car, but still know when to stop using it and ride the bicycle instead. Combining the use of a battery rather than gasoline, and not overusing the car, you will have the perfect combination, which is what everybody should strive to accomplish. Help the environment, and get the right amount of exercise.

In the end, cars are still one of the most common and one of the greatest things on Earth today. Getting a first car is a dream come true, but too much of it can be harmful. So get some use out of the bicycle, avoid poisoning the atmosphere, and cars will be a vehicle with no reprocautions at all, and it will be the perfect source for transportation, while keeping your morals where they should be.    