Is Venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents? Venus poses several dangerous obsticles to pursuit because of how dangerous the planet actually is, which makes the time of pursuing the planet not reasonable and not worth the time for scientist. The author says, "studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents." It is hard already to study Venus because of its atmoshere, which is made up of almost 97 percent of carbon dioxide, makes the planet Venus the hottest planet in our solar system. Which creates big problems for spacecrafts to land on the surface of the planet because of the intense heat that Venus produces.

In paragraph 2, the author says, "Each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this isse explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more that three decades." The author gives good reason to why trying to land a spacecraft is not the best option to obsevre the planet. Instead, focus on another planet that is well worth the time and money of a spacecraft. It would only take moments for the spacecrafts to be liquefied after standing on Venus's surface. Spending more time on a different planet that has an atmosphere and geological features similar to earth would be ground breaking for science and especially NASA.

In paragraph 3, the explains, "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenges are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmosphere pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth." Venus is too hot for us to explore. Landing a spacecraft would only last moments because of how severe the weather is on Venus. An environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquify many metals. Also, Venus's geological landscape and weather like erupting volcanoes and powerful earthquakes.

In paragraph 6, the author states, "Peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective" Since entering Venus's atomsphere is deadly, even hovering over the planet is not enough for finding more information and observations about the hot planet. Hovering will only give scientist limited details about the planet. Also, having no light shining out of the planet makes it difficult for scientist to observe the planet.

Not being able to observe every characteristics of Venus would not make it well worth the mission to study more about Venus.

Pursuing Venus is not well worth the time and money for NASA or any other scientist, which does not make it reasonable for scientist to study and want to go more in depth about the hot planet Venus. Venus poses several dangerous obsticles to pursuit because of how dangerous the planet actually is. Overall, Venus is just too dangerous for people to explore, its not convienent for astronomers and NSA.