Adavntages of limiting your car usage can actually be benifitical to you and your family, maybe even the earth you live on. Many say that they were tense when they owned a car, but once they got rid of it, they claimed to be more happy. That last statement has to be coming from a liar because why would you ever be happy without a car?

In April 2013 the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9% below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995. Many sociologists belive it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment since transportation is the second largest source of americas emisions just behind power plants. programs are suggesting that people use other methods of tranportation. which is cool, i guess?  Different things are suggesting that we are converging and witnessing a long term cultural shift. Car pool apps, center of cities makes suburbs less appealing. im not even trying anymore with this essay,  people are connecting in other ways than meeting up. nobody is caring anymore about this essay. just typing. in columbia its the 3rd straight year that cars have been banned. blah blah blah. goals are to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. nobody cares, lets talk about something else.

Advantages about limiting car usage. Really? I dont care about german suburb life without cars and i dont ever intend to care about it. i am a proud owner of a car and i dont want to live a life without it. This prompt is so unrelatable, mainly because

I OWN A CAR!

Maybe if i didnt i would be able to undertand this a little more but this is so ridiculous that i have to sit here and take time away from my education to write about cars. Im not even into cars. i dont care that people decide not to use cars, good for them, but i do use a car on a daily basis. im so over all of this excessive testing. Cars are pretty and nicely air conditioned, and shiny. They get you where you need to be quickly and you can jam out while on the way there. I hate essays, they are obnixious and boring. this is all a huge waste of time and i wish i just stayed home like some of the other kids in this class so that i wouldnt have to take this. Cars can be a nice way of driving around in money bags and showing everyone that you can afford this unnessacarily large vehicle that will sit in the hot room connected to your house, that also has a tempature very similar to hell. Honestlty your probably a really nice person who got stuck with the unfortunate job of reading all of these essays and grading them. You should be paid more because this just sucks, and im not even the one who has to read them all. You need to quit and go find some passion in your life. Take a painting class, or go watch the sunrise, you shouldnt be here reading all of these dumb essays that will never benefit my future or yours.

To conclued this dreadful essay, please go find a passion because you cant keep doing this and wasting your life away. Go water some plants, and make your bed, or make another persons bed. Just do somethign else other that sit here and read a bunch of essays that a essentially meaning less. You need something more in life and i do as well.    