As an opinion i think that the Electoral College should not be able to elect the president. I think it should be a coice of the people. (In source 1) paragraph 6 when you go to vote you actually are voting to pick the electors when you vote for the president each state has electors so you help pick the electors. When people vote they are voting for presidents not the electoral college its not right to have a electoral college. Because it should be the peoples choice.

(In source 2) Even presidents want to get rid of the electoral college that is saying something. People would rather have a direct election then the kind we have now and I agree. See when the people are voting for electors they dont know what that elector is going to vote for they can only hope for what he is going to vote for. (source 2) Paragraph 13 "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters." I agree with this source it is what my opinion is, the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. i think that the electoral college should be abolished. Who knows maybe some of the presidents woukd have been different because the electoral college could have changed some peoples votes. Say some wanted Obama not to be president but the state elector picked him that could be a game changer. It is suppose to be a democracy the people make the choices this is not a dictatorship.

What if the state all voted for one president then the electoral college voted for the other that would throw off everything. There would probably be riots to be honest. This is making our country sound like a dictatorship. We the people of the United States of America deserve to pick our leaders. But say if you were part of the electoral college you would like this situation. So put yourself in their shoes would you like it or not. Of course you would you hold the power of picking the president. Its honestly probably the most stressful job in the world.

See if we had a vote to see if we should have to electoral college i think alot of people would vote no. I dont see why we cant have this vote as a country then there wouldnt be a topic to argue about. The electoral college is a decision that was not in the constitution i believe so it can be removed very easily. My opinion is that we take the electoral college out because it is causing nothing but arguing. We deserve to pick if we want to have a president we want or not. We deserve this power atleast, we dont have any power as regular people we deserve this. They shouldnt have the right to take this away from us.    