Did you know that asking multiple people for advice will help you make a decision faster? Asking multiple people for their opinions will also make you sure that you choice will be the right one. You might be persuaded to change your opinion which could cause you to make the right decision. You can assure yourself that you are making the right decision because most of the people you asked had the same opinion or similar advice.

Asking multiple people for their advice will assure yourself that your choice is the right one. Only asking one person for their opinion might cause you to make the wrong choice, and asking multiple people will give you a higher chance to make the right decision. A couple weeks ago, my civics teacher gave our class a project that was due the next day, but I had a basketball game the same day which would end at 8:30pm. Since I didn't know what to do I asked my friend who told me to go to my basket ball game and try to finish the project at home. After she told me this I asked my civics teacher and a couple of other friends who advised me to skip my basket ball game so that I could finish the project without any stress. Since most of the people I asked advise from told me to skip my basket ball game which then made me feel like it was the right decision I did which caused me to finish my project without any stress. Other than assuring yourself that you are making the right decision, you could also change your opinion.

People's opinions could change your decision. Asking more than one person who has the opposite opinion than you might persuade you to change your own opinion. Yesterday I asked multiple friends of mine for advice on what sport I should do. I could either do soccer which is every day from 4-8pm, or golf which is on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Sundays for 5-6:30pm.

I really wanted to play soccer, but most of my friends told me that I would be stressed since it's right after school and every day. They told me that golf would be less stressful and will give me time to finish schoolwork or have time to spend with friends and family. Because of this, I chose to play golf which caused me to feel less stressed and gave me free time to spend with family and friends. Seeking advice from more than one person will allow you to not feel confused.

You won't be confused on what decision you should make. Asking multiple people for advice will assure you that you are either making the wrong or right decision. A couple days ago I wasn't sure if I should go to the library to study for my science test during lunch, or study in civics class which is right before my science class. After asking multiple people for their advice, they all said that studying during lunch time in the library would be less stressful and not cause me to miss anything important in civics class. Since most of the people I asked told me to study during lunch time in the library, I went to study in the library and as a result I ended up getting an A on my science test. Therefore, asking multiple people for advice will help you feel less confused.

In conclusion, asking multiply people for their opinions will cause you to make a decision faster. Asking more than one person for advice will also cause you to feel assured that you are making the correct decision. Other people's opinions could also cause you to change your own opinion. You also won't be confused as to which decision to make after asking more than one person for advice. Therefore, asking more than one person for advice will cause you to make a quicker decision. 