A Helpful Change in Your Lifestyle

Can you tell the air feels different? Over the past years some countries have put restirctions on car usage. Although this may sound extremely crazy to some, most individuals accept the new law's for car's. Motorized vehicles have put a tole on our environment, our well being, and our wallets. By certain countries banning the use of motorized vehicles it has allowed individuals stress level to decrease, lowered air pollution, and increase money that citizens have. Gas cars that create pollution are a thing of the past, we are moving to electric cars, bicycles, and more; the future is changing and its for our own benefits.

Cars are one of the main sources for people's stress, whether it be because of car failures, others who annoy you while you drive, or the fact you can never find a parking spot.  Heidrun Walter claims " When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much mappier this way ( In German suburb, Life goes on without Cars 3)." One main reason people are less tense and stress is because people do not have to constantly worry about if another car is about to hit them, if traffic is going to be to slow to get to work, or if your car is going to breakdown on you. Car's create unwanted stress that can be easily avoided. Indeed life would be very different without cars people in Bogota, Paris, and Germany have all been able to function properly without motorized vehicles.  In fact "70 percdent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold cars to move her (In German Suburbs, Life goes on without Cars 3)." These individuals have proven that it is okay to make a switch. In order for you to reduce stress in your life, you have to take away the source of stress, and that is what citizens have done, and without cars majority of people are happier and healthier.

Due to citizen's of Bogota, Paris, and Germany not using cars and having to switch to bikes, walking, and electric bikes; has greatly reduced toxic gases in the environment. Due to individulas in Paris not excessively using cars the amount of smog has reduced. According to Robert Duffer " after days of near-record pollutions, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city( Paris bans driving due to smog 10)." Paris has enforced strict rules that rejects people from driving, also a switch to diesel fuels. In return these ideas have lowered the level of smog in Paris creating a cleaner environment for the citizen. Not only has Paris help reduce toxic gases from entering our environment, but so has Bogota. In the article Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota, Andrew Selsky stated that this has been Bogota's "thrid year straight that cars have been banned for one day" and the only motorized vehicles they have used are "buses". This switched has dramatically cut traffic, rush hour, and the amount of smog left in the air. Although there is still traces of pollution after this day it has lowered. The reasons are simple, using less cars makes less gases, also those who go the day without using cars may like the change better and permantely switch to a lifestyle without cars.

Another thing that has been changed due to the limitation of car usages is that with individuals not having to buy a car, pay for insurance, and pay for gas, it  has increased the amount of money citizens have in their wallets. Citizens of the United States of America have not exactly chosen to not use cars, but some have, the main reason Citizen of America have limited themself is due to a lack of money. During our "recession" Americans were "unemployed" and "unable to pay (The end of car culture 32)." Because citizens were not able to pay for cars, they did not use them, thus as you get adapted to a new situation you tend to stay with it. After the switch citizens who chose to continue a life without a car, were able to have more money because they didnt have to pay for the cost that come with a car. Now some citizens have made the switch to not using motorized vehicles, which has helped increase the amount of money citizens have, which is always an advantage because you are able to pay for other things that are neccasary to your life.

Although cars seem like a material object that is so precious to life, it's not. In all reality people can live a life without cars, citizens in Bogota, Paris, and Germany have, and they enjoy it. Its time to make a switch and make a helpful change in your lifestyle. A life without cars is very benefitial, it is less stressful, lowers pollution, and has an increases of money. Although not using cars is a bit extreme, you can always make a better switch to using electric products, which can also help lower the amount of toxic gases in the air. Gas car's that produce extreme levels of gases are a thing of the past, I believe its time to move to the future.            