My principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. In my opinion this is a great idea. This requirement will hopefully increase the amount of learning opportunities, through educational extracurricular activities. Exercise, through physical or sport related extracurricular activities. Or even this one extracurricular activity will improve a students social skills, through team building or just working with other people on something in hopes that they make new friends. I believe that the student requirement to have at least one extracurricular activity is a good implement because it can provide extra learning opportunities, increase physical fitness, and improve student social skills.

I believe that being required to do an extracurricular activity will provide more learning opportunities. One way that doing an extracurricular activity will provide more learning opportunities is where you have school sponsored, after school activities made to help you in school or in specific subjects. One example of an extracurricular activity is the "Homework club". The "Homework club" is an after school extracurricular activity created to help you with subjects you are struggling in, assignments you dont quite understand, or school work that you are unable to do at home. This educational club comes with free tutors and teachers that will hopefully be able to answer any question you have and help you with any assignments you need assistance on.

I believe that being required to do an extracurricular activity will increase physical fitness.

One example of a extracurricular activity based around physical activity is "Weight room". "Weight room" is an after school extracurricular activity based around physical movement and fitness. This club meets up after school to use the Robinson weight room. The weight room is a smaller gym based around work out equipment. Some of this equipment includes ,stationary bikes, stair climbers, rowing machines, basic weights, bars, and dumbbells ranging in weight. The people in this extracurricular club prosper to increase their physical fitness and become healthier.

I believe that being required to do an extracurricular activity will improve a students social skills. There are numourus extracurricular clubs that dont base around education and fitness and these clubs, I would say improve a students social skills. One example of this is the after school tech theater club. This club comes together for about a month to help with the technical side of a Rambunctious theater show. In this club you get to meet new people and are able to help out your department. There are many departments in this club ranging from sound technician to costume and makeup technician. To join this club you have to submit an application and select what department you would like to be in for the production. This department requires team work with your other technicians and I think that this club is a good way to make new friends and teach better social skills.

In conclusion If the principal were to implement this requirement at my school it would be beneficial. These extracurricular activities would greatly improve it's student's, individually but it would also improve the entire school as a whole. Through these activities you will find a way to become more healthy and fit. You will have access to more learning opportunities and I believe that you will even find yourself making new friends through these clubs or sports you find yourself doing. If the requirement to do one extracurricular activity was implemented I would not oppose because I know that it can provide extra learning opportunities, increase physical fitness, and improve student social skills.                                  