Dear Principle,

I say yes that kids should have to do some community service. I think this because most kids these days are lazy and don't ever go out side to work, it will give them an advantage at what work will look like when there older, and they will also be able to see what kind of job fits them.

Most kid these days are usually inside playing xbox, play station or sitting on there couch eating crap like chips. I have a neighbor who never goes outside he's always inside playing video games or watching tv. When kids do this they aren't getting anywhere in there life. When they go to get there first job the people will ask them if they have any experience and they will say no and then they will never get a job. See and their life is just going to rot away. This is the first reason why kids should do community service.

Next they will have a look on what jobs are going to be like. Like if there are hard, to easy, to much, not enough. I work a lot with my dad he has a landscaping business and i have two horse that I have to take care of and work. I think landscaping would be to hard for me but i like to help out so i go and learn new things all most every time. And with my horses they are a lot of work they have me running around getting stuff that i need for them all the time like hay grain treats. So getting kids out on a job will show them what the real world is like and how scary and hard it can be.

Finally kids will be able to see what job fits them the most. Like a physically working job or sitting in a chair all day answering phone calls. I like being outside the most so i would like not to be in a chair all day just like school. I know some kids who have know clue what they want to be because they don't get showen enough what jobs are like in real life. If you are a video game freak when you do community service why don't you help little kids out playing them or something.

Ask you can see that doing community service as a kid, will give you a lot of benefits and more choices as what you would want to do when you are older.

Again it will help the lazy kids that do nothing all day, give kids advantages, and finally see what kind of job they will be good at. Get off your couch and help out the community now!