When you go shopping or are picking something out you often ask for multiple peoples advice. Why do you do this? Well it's mostly because you want the reassurance from others. It is a natural thing that we all do. For instance last September my sister went homecoming dress shopping. She brought a bunch of people so we could all give our opinions. But at the end of the day does it really help? Well here is how it went and why I think multiple opinions help someone make a better choice.

The first person my sister asked for there opinion was our Grandma. After a while of my sister coming out in dresses the first thing I noticed was my Grandma always asking "Well what do you think of it?" before giving her opinion. I think this is a very good way to give your opinion without hurting any ones feelings. You are asking how the feel about the dress before you put your thought in. But there are some disadvantages to that. Let's say she walks out of the dressing room in a dress my Grandma really doesn't like and she asked my sister how she feels about it and my sister says she loves it. Then you have a hard decision to make. Do you say you like it so you don't hurt her feelings or are you going to be honest and say you don't like it with the possibility of making her upset. Ultimately I know that even if I don't like to hear that they don't like it I would rather someone be honest with me then just lie and say they like it. And luckily that is what my Grandma did. And as a result even if that is not what my sister wanted to hear I could tell she was thankful for the honesty and took into consideration what my Grandma thought about the dresses.

The next opinion my sister asked for was my mom. I knew even before this trip started that my mom was going to have a very strong opinion on each dress. And I was not mistaken. Each dress came with a "thats too short" or "that shape does not flatter you and the color is to bright." I could easily tell this was overwhelming my sister and stressing her out a lot. And that is one reason why getting multiple opinions can be bad but again sometimes after my mom said that my sister would look in the mirror and realize well maybe it is too short. I think this is one thing that happens a lot. You will put on something you like and when you show it to someone they point out something you maybe didn't think about or realize. One example is when I was at Target one time and I picked out a shirt that I really liked and when I showed my mom she remembered that I already had that shirt. If she had not been there I would have never known that and I would have gotten the exact same shirt I already had. So even though my mom can be brutally honest at least she can point out a lot of things you didn't notice and help you pick the right dress at the end of the day.

The last opinion my sister got and the most important one was Beyonce. She has been a family friend for a while and my sister has always really loved her fashion sense. So when Beyonce heard that my sister needed to go dress shopping she was more then happy to come along. Her job was to help my sister pick out the dresses to try on and then give her opinion. Her way of giving her opinion was just to first point out all the things she liked about the dress and then something that my sister maybe want to consider. I think Beyonce was the best at giving her advice because she has to do it all the time with her music and what she wears for all of her performances. I think it can be very hard to get lots of opinions and not be overly influenced and not listen to your own opinion. So you have to makes sure even though you listen to everyone's advice you also listen to yourself and not just go along with what everyone says. But At the of all of this after Beyonce had given her final opinion and everyone had all agreed on a red dress that flared out at the bottom and had little white flowers. My mom agreed it wasn't too short and it was a nice color and my Grandma said it was absolutely beautiful and finally Beyonce said she was Grammy winning ready.

After this very long and tiring journey I came to the conclusion that ever opinion is important ans really can help you make the best decision. I would highly recommend getting an opinion from everyone you can but make sure that you listen to your own opinion too. It can be especially hard with really big decisions and so for those I would still get a lot of advice from others but also take time to consider each option and like about the pros and cons.                