In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" The author stated both positive and negative stances on the topic of driverless cars. This topic is very controversial when bringing in the aspect of safety and the well-being of others around the driverless car. And, because of that I believe driverless cars are not a good idea to bring into society.

First, driverless cars would not be a good idea to implement into society because drivers could get reckless at the wheel. In the text it stated that "None of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents" meaning that at some point the driver would have to help the car navigate at times when the car couldn't(7). Which imposes that the drivers would have to be aware of his/her surroundings at all time when the time was needed for them to take the wheel again. But, doesn't that defeat the purpose of the car being driverless. No one would want a driverless car that still needs to be driven? "Wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive"(8). And the most important question is, what would drivers do to pass the time when they're not driving. They could distract theirselves with their phones, music or any passengers which could cause them to miss out on any important message from the car telling them to drive or take over in the needed situation. This is where the reckless aspect of the driverless car comes in. Missing the important message could cause accidents and harm to other drivers or pedestrians. And, this cause of harm to others around leads to my next argument against driverless cars and that is lawsuits.

Second, driverless cars would not be a good idea to implement into society because of who would be to blame if accidents did happen. In the text it explained how new laws would have to be created to go along with the cars when they are proved to be "more reliably safe"(9). But what would happen "If the technology fails and someone is injured"(9). This issue could cause many lawsuits filed against innocent "drivers" and many lawsuits filed against companies who were not aware of the issue with the cars technology. Sometimes things happen and because technology can not be trusted 100% of the time these cars should not be able to exist. Lives could be on the line and many people who were not to blame will take the blame for this mishap. The car could just cause a million more problems instead of solving the laziness of humans will not to want to drive.

Lastly, driverless cars would not be a good idea to implement into society because of its proness to being hacked. Anything in the world could be hacked. Anyones phone can be hacked, computers can be hacked and even intelligence units can be hacked. So, if these things can be hacked then what makes one think that this driverless car can't be hacked. And, if hacked there would be no telling what the hacker could do to the car. For example, cause it to crash or lead the car into an area the driver in unfamiliar with because they're not paying attention. These examples could all cause harm to more than just the driver and that shows why this car should not be implemented into society, because it has various accounts on how it can misfunction.

These examples of recklessness, misblaming and hacking all show why the idea of having driverless cars are not a good idea. They can mess up society and cause harm in more ways than it could help society. Although the car is a very unique way of showing advancement in the technological world, one would have tot look at both sides before concluding whether or not this is a good idea, and in this case it seems that the bad outweighs the good.                                                 