The author describes "Making Mona Lisa Smile" and how a new technology called the Facial Action Cording System enables compures to identify human emotions. Because the author is trying to tell us how the technology can make us feel differents emotions. In this article we can find too many differents emotions that the Mona Lise had. And how the techonology can do it too.

For example my first evidence that i found in this article is when said that "Mona Lise is 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry". So, is trying to tell us that to making Mona Lise smile can be a difficult way, because she had too many differents emotions at the same time,but nothing is impossible. But also the people trying to describe a new technology to identify humans emotion. The new technology is called FACS ( Facial Action Coding System). This is the new technolody that the author wanted to used to find the humans emotions, , and see which one of the two option that they had can be more easy or more faster to find the human emotions.

My other example that also i found in this article is when said that "according to the new computers softward can recogniza emotion. The softward is the least innovation from Prof. Thomas Haung, of the Backman institute for advanced science at the University Illions." The author is trying to tell us to describes the new tecnology was little complicated because with he wanted to describe that technology to see if will be more easy to identify the emotions. Also in this article said that the process begings when the computer construct a 3D computer of the face, all 44 muscles in the model must move like human muscles. That why i think that describes that new techology wasn't eassy because the new technology need to identify all about human.

In my conclution is about the computers and how Mona Lise demostration was really intended to bring a smiles to your face, while it show you just how the computers can do. If you smile when a Web ad appears to your screen , a similar somputer could regnize too. Like said Dr. Haunght he predicted that the computer could recognize when a students or another person is becoming confused or sad. And acording to the Facia Feeback theory emotion, moving ourfacaisl muscles can make us feel not only expresss motion, but also can even help us to feel like some differents emotions. 