Have you ever asked your friends for advice on an issue or to help solve a problem? If so, did you take that advice, or throw it to the wind without ever looking back? I believe that seeking multiple opinions allows for better decisions to be made. Asking for multiple opinions on a subject is efficient because it allows us to view an issue from multiple angles, allows for a more unbiased response, and hearing several opinions can change our thinking on a certain subject for the better.

First, asking for multiple opinions on a topic allows us to view an issue from all sides, rather than just our own. Hearing several sides of a story or particular topic, can often have an affect on our decisions. Say you and a friend get involved in an argument and you aren't sure how to handle it. You ask some friends what to do. They explain that your friend is having a bad day and some family issues at home. Rather than be upset with your friend, you decide to do everything in your power to help your friend out. Hearing other angles or sides of a story changes the way we view an issue or person, therefore plays a key role in the making of that decision or series of decisions.

Secondly, seeking advice from several people allows for a more unbiased response. For example, say a woman and her boyfriend have a disagreement. Asking her boyfriends best friend may not be such a great idea, seeing as he could be biased on the subject. Asking a group of neutral friends would prove most effective, therefore less biased. In more cases than none, one particular person may favor one side more than another, where as multiple people could appeal to both sides.

Lastly, receiving advice from several people can change our thinking on a topic for the better. An example would be, a friend of yours pulls a ruthless prank on you. Instead of laughing along with your friend, you become upset and infuriated. You make a split second decision to retaliate. Several people encourage you to inform your friend that their actions bothered you, rather than getting even. Hearing the same thing from several people can often affect the way we view a topic. Rather than repeating those infuriating actions towards your friend, you explain to that individual that you were offended and deeply upset by their prank. When we decide in our minds that something negative is a good idea, or our only option, hearing differently from multiple people with our best interest at heart becomes a deciding factor in the choices we make daily.

To sum it all up, asking multiple people for advice is more efficient that asking only one. Hearing several opinions allows for neutral, unbiased advice. Receiving advice from several friends, teachers, peers, or family members can play a rather important role on our thought process on a given topic in a positive way. And viewing all sides of a story, instead of just our own, can allow for better, more beneficial choices to be made.