Community Service

Dear principle,

I think all students should be required to do some community service. I think this because its a good thing to do. Helping elementary school kids with lets say math can really help them in school. Maybe their parents didn't have a good education and they cant help them. That's where community service comes in, your helping a kid who needs help. Another example is helping out the elderly people, like carrying their grocery bags or helping them clean up their back yards. Helping the elderly can help them. Maybe their too weak to carry their own bags and they need help. A lot of elderly people now a days are dying because their trying to do chores they can't really do but they have to do because no one is their to help them do them. Cleaning up trash is also a good thing to do because your helping make our world a cleaner place. Think about all the sea life that's died because they got tangles up in a trash bag and suffocated because people are too lazy to put their trash bags into their trash bags. If you clean up trash your saving and animals life and that's a good thing to do.

Another reason why I think community service should be required is because it looks good on college applications. When you apply for a college their going to first consider a person who has had community service hour then someone who has no community service hours. They would consider a person with community service hour over someone who has no community service hour because that shows that they actually care about what's going on with the world.

Doing community service can also help you make some friends outside of your school. Also doing community service can help you as a person. It can help you learn about how its a good thing to do and also spend some of your day outside in the fresh air. If one day your stuck at home and need something to do you should go outside and do some community service it makes your day less boring and you get to get out of your house for a little while and do something good.