The Facial Action Coding System is an unnecesscary piece of equipment. The software that would be able to detect the emotions of an individual would have several negative affects on society. The reading of emotions is a useful tool when it is detected by someone's natural instinct, but it would not be helpful to only have an understanding on someone's emotions due to the results given on a screen. The Facial Action Coding System is not a valuable to students because it would decrease the rate at which students learn, identifying someone's emotions will not change how they are feeling, and it would decrease their motivation for work in the future.

The ability for this device to detect the emotions of a student while they are working would be detrimental to the health and responsibilty of the student. The author states that the machines will "recognize when the student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective intructor" (D'Alto 6). This would be harmful to the students determination to learn. It would also cause several students to fall behind in their education. Every student experiences boredom in class, but the teacher is unable to change the lesson everytime to best fit one individual student because the other children will fall behind. Students are still capable of learning material when they are bored even if it is not as effectively as when they are interested. Students need to also learn how to work through their emotions to better their ability to improve. When these students get into the work field, they can not call in sick or slack off every time they experience a negative emotion. This device would be teaching children that they should only be productive if they are intrigued by their task. This would not be a proper lesson to teach growing individiuals.

The technology is able to identfy a human's true emotions, but that will not alter the way that person feels. Humans can often acknowledge how they are feeling, but the acknowledgement itself does not allow them to feel better. As stated in the article, "They even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one" (D'Alto 7). This line states that the lab partner will be able to tell a difference netween a genuine and meaningful smile from a harshly forced smile. There is a difference between the two because smiling will not make you happy although it is a happy gesture. The machine informing someone that they need to smile will not actually change the emotions of that person. Politicians and celebrities are major culprits of this action. They often smile as they are told to do, but they are not always genuine. They are typically hiding something from their spectators such as when they are not being truthful (D'Alto 8). Just because famous people smile when talking or looking at their audience does not change whether or not they are happy individuals. If humans themselves are unable to change their emotions when they can detect that something is wrong, then machines will be unable to do that also. Although it can give people a precise measurement of their emotions, it will not change how they feel. Therefore, investing in this system would be extremely useless and wasteful.

The technology that recognizes emotions in order to change the student potential will decrease their motivation. The skill to be compable of working through tough situations is essential to posess. Modifying a students' workload would harm their motivation. These students will no longer be motivation to be their most effective because they will expect everything in life to be modified to their liking. Unfortunately, this is not a trait that can be successfully transferred to real world issues. Therefore, these students will be less prepared for potential problems they may encounter. This system would also decrease the dependence on human connection. The text states that computers need to understand emotional communications because "most human connection is nonverbal" (D'Alto 6). Although that statement is true, there is little use for computers undertsanding how humans feel if they can not help the individual with their emotons. This may cause people to reply more on the machines, which would lessen the amount of human connection that exists--much like previous technology advances have done. Human connection is essential to a striving population, therefore it will have negative affect on society.

The Facial Action Coding Sytem would be wasteful to the society, and would cause several negative effects. It is not something worth investing in because it would harm the developing youth. Not only do these machines prove useless to emotions of people, but it will also decrease the motivation of students and future employees.