Kobe Bryant is known for his signature jump shot, the Fade-away. It's unique, it's effective, and it's his style. In the classroom, every student dreads the word "project". Projects are meant to test comprehension on a given topic. The problem with teacher-designed projects is that they are boring and predictable. The teacher-designed projects also have specific guidelines, which doesn't allow students to expand their thinking and express their knowledge in a way they would like to. Summer school projects should be student-designed because it allows students to show their own creativity, the students would put in effort with something they are passionate about, and teacher-led projects are too basic.

Lamar Jackson and LeBron James strive in their respective sports for one reason, their style. If every athlete were to shoot the basketball the same way, or throw the football the same way, then there would be no point in watching the games! These sporting events are exciting because every athlete has their own style of play. The same could be said in the classroom. If every student in a class presented a slide show or an essay for their project, I bet the teacher would fall asleep in an instant! Student-designed projects gives the opportunity for the students to really show their creativity and understanding in a way that is special to them. For example, a student who has musical talent could write a song about their project, or an athlete could make a game for their project. The options are endless! The purpose of a project is to test the students' knowledge on a given subject, so why not let them do it their way?

Imagine sitting through a class where every single student presented with a slide show; It's so simple that a baby could make the same project. Teacher-designed projects don't give the opportunity for students to really show how well they understand the topic. Repetition in the classroom is very toxic. Having the same boring project guideline for every student doesn't engage the students in any way at all. The student-designed projects show diversity and creativity; on the other hand, teacher-designed projects are extremely dull and unoriginal. The teacher-designed projects have such a strict rubric that makes the students roll their eyes. The biggest flaw of it all is that the students are only trying to satisfy the teacher, rather than trying to fully comprehend the subject.

When someone is passionate about anything, they give it their all. When I'm on the lacrosse field, I give my 100% every time I step on the turf. Passion in life forces the best result in any moment. If students were able to lead their own project, then an astonishing grade would be guaranteed. Kobe Bryant is one of the basketball players because of his passion for the game and the amount of work he puts in to get better. In the classroom, students would put in a tremendous amount of effort if they were given the chance to do a project in their own way. Whenever I get a project assigned, I tell myself that I will start working on it the next day. If I were able to put my own twist on a project, I might be able to finish the whole assignment in one day!

The way Carlos Santana strums a guitar is iconic and infamous; no other living creature can imitate his style. In the classroom, an assignment is ruined when the students don't get to show their creativity and way of thinking. Teacher-designed projects make students think inside the box, and they are trapped with a specific set of rules that they cannot pass. Projects are meant to test the student on their knowledge on the subject, but most students only do the project for a passing grade and not for their own comprehension. Summer school projects should be student-designed because the students are able to form something in their own style, they would put in effort into something they are passionate about, and the teacher-designed projects are plain and disgusting. A teacher-designed project is a vanilla ice cream cone, while a student-designed project is an ice cream cone with nuts, chocolate syrup, and a cherry on top. 