Whenever there is a roadblock in life, many people feel limited to who they can ask for help. They do not know that there is a tremendous number of others surrounding them ready to put forth advice. There are always people somewhere who would be willing to help with a problem. Getting help is the smartest choice to make when in need of help. Talking to multiple people will never be the wrong choice, as it will almost always provide benefits for both parties. By asking multiple friends, family members, and trusted others, for advice, new perspectives are provided, decisions are rethought, and new ideas are formed.

There is no arguing that no two alike people walk on this planet. With different people, comes an uncountable number of differing opinions on topics worldwide. When multiple opinions are acquired, a great sea of new perspectives begins to flow. For example, if there is a glass filled halfway with water, one person may say its half full, and the other may say its half empty. That shows how different perspectives can influence how people view a situation. The analogy can be applied to any type of conflict or topic that advice is needed on due to the fact that people can have different perspectives on anything. The advice that is given is influenced based on how that person views the subject. Some perspectives can be more positive based or negative based. It can also depend on someone's personality. If only one person was to be consulted for advice rather than multiple, only one side of the story is taken into account.

In many situations, judgment can easily be corrupted. This can be caused by stress, deficient energy, or maybe just a busy schedule. With a corrupted field of judgment, decisions cannot be made with complete logic. In less then two minutes, someone's life can be changed. That is all it takes for a good or bad decision to be made. A great example is speeding up to a yellow traffic light rather than slowing down. There is a risk of crashing or getting pulled over, but also getting to the destination faster. The right decision may lead to a beneficial addition to the day. However, the wrong decision may lead to something grave. When making a decision, advice is a great way to try and stay on the right path. By asking multiple people, the pieces of advice may start to persuade someone to not make a certain decision or to make a different choice. The process of rethinking something is always good because if the idea is thought about again, then there is a better chance it will end up being the most intelligent option.

In some of situations, the original plan is not always the best solution. Even if advice is given from multiple people, their advice might not be what is wanted. As advice is given, sometimes combinations of many different opinions is the best suited for a specific person and topic. To be more specific, if none of the advice given is liked, then new ideas begin to spark. For instance, someone is deciding whether to buy a big box of cookies or not and they ask two people for advice. One person says to buy it, and the other says not to. If neither idea sounds right, the idea to buy a smaller box surfaces which is both pieces of advice combined. If only one piece of advice was taken then, the decision could have been completely different and had a different consequence.

In conclusion, making the right decision is crucial for many aspects in life. Some of these aspects include happiness and success. In order to do that, advice from multiple people is needed. Advice is always beneficial from everyone when it comes to making the right choice. In some situations, advice can be more crucial than others but it is needed in all types of problems. It can be from friends, family, or anyone who could help give reputable advice. When multiple people put forth opinions, new perspectives are provided, decisions are rethought, and new ideas are formed.