One summer, I had to work on a long packet of math problems my teacher assigned the class over summer. I was not the biggest fan of summer projects but it helped me understand the material for the fall season. If the class had made the packet instead of the teacher, I don't think I would have understood the material. Since some schools require a summer project people wonder whether it should be teacher-designed or student-designed. I think the summer assignments should be teacher-designed because teachers know what the students need to learn over the summer, have experience with assignment composition, and make the assignments challenging rather than easy.

Teachers are the people who give their students the knowledge to be successful. They go to college to gain the knowledge about their interests. Often, they are passionate enough to share their interest by teaching. Therefore, the most skilled person in the classroom is the teacher, because of their knowledge about the subject. I don't know enough about my school subjects to teach them, because I'm still in the process of learning them. They know about those subjects and what needs to be taught over the summer in order to prepare their students for the fall season. The teacher-designed packets incorporate the same knowledge the teachers have. Consequently, students will gain that knowledge over the summer.

Teachers know how to make effective learning assignments because they have experience. Teachers understand the format that works best with their students, something the students don't know enough about. Teachers can create a worksheet or document that is created to help students learn. Even younger teachers can create well composed projects because they had college classes to develop teaching skills. Older teachers have so much experience that they can craft an assignment with ease. I could not make an assignment for other students, because I lack the necessary experience to create expertly composed documents that teachers design to be efficient learning materials for the summer.

In order to develop a student's brain, teachers will challenge them with harder material to complete. More often than not, students aren't academically active over summer break leading to poor performance. Teachers don't want their students to forget everything they've learned in the previous year. If teachers made easier summer projects, then all the students would not be prepared for school. If teachers designed the summer assignments to be engaging and stimulating for the students, then the assignment will kick them back into the challenging nature of school work. If I were a student making a summer assignment, I would make it easy for the class because I would not want to do work during break. The challenge of the project gets students working year round keeping their brains engaged.

Since teachers know the material they need to give students, have knowledge in project composition, and make challenges for the students, they should be constructing the summer assignments. They are the best fit for the role of educating and summer assignments are how students learn without the teacher. Teachers, creating the assignment, put their knowledge and experience into the assignment. Students do not have knowledge and experience teaching. With that said, students should be an input for education, while teachers continue to be an output for it. This would fulfill the roles of student and teachers leaving each to what they're best at.