In this essay I will be giving an argument on why this so called "face" is not made by aliens.

The prompt tells you that one of your colleagues says that it is created by aliens.

My job in this essay is to tell why it isn't and give an explanation.

The figure that NASA saw was a so called "face on mars".

They claimed that it was in the shape of a human head and it was thought to be made by aliens.

In my oppinion this is not made by aliens.

Here is a reason why.

All these years NASA has gone to a two or three planets looking for aliens.

Throughout the years how many have we found, none!

Yes, we may have found some traces of aliens, but we can not prove that these are actually alien tracks, or alien lifeforms.

There is no way to prove that this structure was made by aliens, unless we have images of them, and so far we have none.

Look down on earth.

How many mesas or Buttes do we have in America, or even around the world?

Now think about this, were these man made?

No, none of these land formations were man made!

They are formed naturally by nature.

Now over the years we have found a lot of reasons how Mars is sort of like the earth.

It carries water, and it is one of the easiest planets to get to, so if you think about it, Mars could have the same land formations as we do!

Nature is a beautiful thing, and it more than likely made this so called "face".

Yes, you may be right in some way.

Yes, we have found traces of aliens over the years.

This COULD have been made by aliens.

Maybe they are trying to connect to other life outside of their planet.

That is the only argument that you have against me.

The argument that isn't even factual.

You are going off of a guess in your mind.

So overall in this essay I have covered three thing.

I have covered my first argument, which is that we have not found aliens even though we have been searching all of these years.

I have covered my second argument, which is that nature has formed many structures like this on earth, it could have been formed out of the land.

And I also covered the rebuttle, which is that there is a possibility that this was built by aliens because we have found traces.

So in conclusion, this structure was not built by humans, this was land made. 