Do you want to be forced to do an activity that you'd not want to do, or have an extra activity to deal with after school? I think not, well apparently some schools are thinking about having students do at least one extracurricular activity after school. They also they might force kids do activities that there not interested in to get used to the real world.

After school activities might take away some free time that you may have at home, about almost the whole world does something after school as to sports, getting a job, and much more. Sometimes people are busy all the time, like, people that do sports after school, some of them don't get out of there sports practice or games after sometime, mostly around 9:00pm. Personally, people are great for doing after school activities, but I'm not one of those people, and I will never be, unless its something with basketball, or an activity that I'd want to do on my free time, but it usually waists a lot of free time, and I'm one of those people that like to do homework, especially since I get a lot of it. So what I'm trying to say is, we have a life too, were not always just on our technology 24/7, were actually trying to do things that are good for us.

After school activities might give you some hard time, and might put pressure on you to do a certain something for them. Photographers job is to take pictures, and put it into a book, or a frame for people. Yearbook photographers take pictures, but what you don't know is, that they have to help the year book makers, and helpers to put those pictures into the yearbook, and the worst thing is, that they might not have enough people, some might be sick, or some might just not have enough time, and that can be bad sometimes. Lets say your a year book photographer, and your taking pictures, and your friend is sick, then you realize that you have to go through all the pictures you took, and pick which one is best, or which one seems yearbook appropriate. After you go through the pictures you then realize that all your friends in the yearbook photographer club are all either on vacation, or sick, so your alone, and you need the pictures to be in the year book by tomorrow, but you have no access to internet, because your friends are the ones that have the internet, and can turn in the pictures, then once everyone thought that they would get there yearbooks, they didn't, because all of one day and the day you needed your friends to be there. Let me tell you that, that is stressful, because some people could blame you, but it was never your fault. If this were me I would be so mad, because I would know I would get blamed on. So, being in an after school activity can be stressful especially in one you know your gonna have a hard time in.

After school activities don't give you money, or necessities you need for that club, most schools won't give you money because they always need it for their own school necessities, and I think thats great and all, but think about the students that do sports, photography, and serve as student council, and do all of this work. People joined because they thought it was going to be fun, and they thought, oh I'm not gonna have stress this could be relaxing for me, but no, the school will give them so much to do. Lets go back to the year book photographers, they take so many photos after, or for clubs almost every week, and they get nothing for it, they dont even get a copy of a yearbook. The sport kids don't need money, but at least give them better gear for there own sport that they play. I think that the schools should put more money into sports, and people that need better necessities like the clubs and the people that are in school, after school for reasons that would be good. I think that people should stop worrying about there kids with after school activities and start to worry about the jobs they get, parents should have there kids working young for small amounts of money and work there way up the money that they get paid, kids should have a job around high school time maybe in 9th grade even because whats gonna happen when your child doesnt get a job, the parents are still gonna have to buy them food, cook for them, and have them waist more electricity and also some water bills so i think kids should stop worrying no what to do and start worrying where their gonna work at.

Some might say its better for kids to do after school activities and I agree, students usually at middle school should try and sign up for something that will benefit for them like, sports and maybe some extra lessons to keep up their grade up, or try out and be ahead of everyone else, now while that may seem bad its really not, because it's there choice if they want to take geometry one year and take algebra 2 in the summer, or after school everyday. They'll be on their way to getting a good job or even be being the next Albert Einstein, who knows? Now while that may be true some parents sometimes push there kids into taking those after school activities, and thats always a bad thing because, I think that the parents should respect there kids opinion about doing an after school activity. I also know, I know, I don't want my mom screaming at me telling me what I can, or can't do.

In conclusion, doing an after school activity is all up to the parent and and student. In my opinion I wouldnt because of the time it takes, and hard times that it might bring you in like those photographers and sports people.