The Face on Mars is just a landmark. I can tell you this because you can't believe anybody that has no evidence, NASA won't even leak anything, and if NASA will not tell anybody anything then everyone is just assuming.

You can't believe anybody that has no real evidence. In paragraph five it says that "evidence that NASA would rather have." That shows that NASA doesn't want to say to anybody that is assuming that this is created by aliens because they really want this to be confidential. People thing the face is evidence of life on Mars and the Face is bona fide so they are saying there has to be life on Mars. In reality they don't know what they are saying so they are assuming that this was created by aliens just to start talk and give people something to talk about. This is evidence of why you can't believe anything without true evidence.

NASA won't even leak anything. Some people think that Face is bona fide and that shows there are aliens on Mars. Nobody knows is that is true because if you read the paragraph it says some people think and everyone is believing what people think. THe story has been around for about the Face on Mars and it's bween everywhere for about 25 years and after a while of the story people started to say things that are not real mixed in with real things and people have just been going around like that. This is evidence of why NASA won't leak anything so people do not know the truth.

If NASA won't leak anything then everyone is just assumimg. "The Face on Mars has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years." It has been in movies okay and they change it up a little bit to make it interesting and people think that is the true story. NASA wishes there was ancient civilization background on Mars so they know the full details. NASA doesn't even know the full story of the The Face, so how can people be for sure about anything. These are examples of why people are just assuming.

People think it is a face that aliens put on there. So you are saying if I go out to the middle of the desert and see a face it camre from aliens. It is a natural landmark that came with the planet of Mars. NASA is not even telling people so no one even knows for sure anyways.

You can't believe anybody that has no evidence, NASA won't even leak anything, and if NASA will not tell anybody anything then everyone is just assuming. This is why this is just a landmark. There is a lot of landmarks on earth and this is one of them on Mars. There is no evidence of any of this so don't believe what everybody says.              