For centuries, we have followed a certian system estabolished by our founding fathers. This system is called the electoral college. This system is based off voting for the president through electoral votes rather than based off more popular. The state has an overall say through its electors. I believe that this system is unfair and should be abolished.

The electoral college should be abolished because you are not voiting directly for the president. You are voting for an elector who would in turn elect the president. While you may end up pleased, others may feel the complete opposite. I believe that it is unfair to not directly vote for the president bacuse it should be completly up to this nation to elect a president. The system they have set up right now is injustice.

The second reason the electoral college should be taken away is that the system has much room for failure. Electors could easily betray the will of the people. They have much more power than the standard voter. The electors would completly oppose the most "popular" vote and put in their vote for whoever they feel deserves it. This is wrong and totally goes against the idea of giving the people power. This would qualify as just giving a few people power. There could also be room for a tie. This could result in the elcetion ending in the hands of the House of Representatives where the state delegates could chose the president. Not only is this destorying the power of the general public but this could also result in people not getting what they wanted. The delegates cuold go completly against what the people say because they technially have the right to since they have the power of the situation.

The final reason the electoral college system should be left behind is the fact that not every state gets to see the canidates. Some of the smaller states that don't count for much of the vote or tend to lean towards a different party don't even get a visit from the canidates. Not only is that unfair but it's also completly demaning towards the state. It makes the citizens of the state feel unworthy or not important enough for not even making an effort for their vote. This is also a stupid move on the canidates part because they might have been able to persuade the state's vote.

In conclusion, the electoral college is not a functional system for its characteristic of being completly indirect, for taking away the power of the people, and for its room for error. Although it may seem like a trustworthy system at first, don't be fooled. So whats more important, the power and opinions of the people or the power and opinion of the delegates?            