Dear State Senator,

When our great leaders died they're visions didn't die. They wanted the people to be in charge of who runs there country and what happens in them. Why is this not happening the way our founders wanted it. Having the Electoral College is not a bad idea but, its not a great one. Demolishing the Electoral College is the only fair way.

In the article " In Defense of the Electoral college: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" Although it mention how good the Electoral College is it also mentions how "the Electoral College method of selectin the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carry their state....Knowing their vote will have no effect". Popular vote don't seem to matter, The Peoples vote don't seem to matter.

Others may argue that the Electoral college helps break a tie but, that only happened one time. If we ever had a issue like that again we could just enforce the Electoral College but, the people the say of who leads us after all we are one nation under god. In the article" The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" Bradford plumer states" Voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." Furthermore he goes on to say "  state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." Can't we just enforce the Electoral College when we need a tie breaker. The Electoral College consist of five-hundred thirty-eight electors which happens to be an even number. Even if its a slight chance couldn't an Electoral College voting happen to be a tie. The population doesn't have even or odds in this case because every year new people are getting to the age that  they can vote.

In the article "what is the Electoral college?" The Office of the Federal Register states that" the founding fathers establish it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the presidentby a vote in congress and the election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens." As you see it says a comprimise not total dictatorship. Everybody has rights voters rights are being tampered with. freedom to vote doesn't seem neccessary because we may have freedom to vote but our votes isn't making a difference. As Plumer said if there is a chance of a tie " the election would be thrown to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote on the president....Because each state cast only one vote ,the single reprsentative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representative from California, who represent 35 million voters."

From a future voter waiting for a change                    