Dear, state senator

The Electoral College should be removed from our way of voting; we should change it to election by popular vote for the president of the United States because state senators are voting for our president and not us . As stated by Mr. Bradford Plumer in his article "

The Indefensive Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

".

" Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of elcetors, who in turn elect the president. If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to cote for [John] Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. On the off-chance that those electors won the statewide elcetion, they would go to Congress and Kerry would get 34 electoral votes."

This claim tells how the president is choosen and its not by our votes its by the slate of electors votes.

Also,the Electoral College should be removed from our way of voting; we should change it to election by popular vote for the president of the United States because the electoral college is a disaster waiting to happen. Mr. Bradford Plumer states in his "

The Indefensive Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong."

"

The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse."

The importance of this quote is because it tells us that there could be more disasters to come from the Electoral College.

The Electoral College should stay our way of voting because with it we avoid run-off elections. Mr. Richard A. Posner states in his article "

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President"

that we avoid run-off elections. "

The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. For example, Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent of plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electotal College (301 and 370 electoral votes, respectively).There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner...."

The importance in the counterclaim is that it shows that the Electoral College process had a clear winner.

Also, the Electoral College should stay our way of voting because of majority vote. The Office of the Federal Register states in their article "

What is the Electoral College?"

in the third paragraph. "

The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. Your state's entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation: one for each member in the House od Representatives plus two for your Senators...."

This quote shows how each state has so many electors.

In conclusion, the Electoral College is both good and bad for our voting system. Some systems are wrong and some are right but its a hard decision to make with the Electoral College because its both wrong and right. We dont need no disasters in the voting system we already have enough disaters in the world that we live in.                                          