Electoral college is a unfar way to vote for a president becasue it make the government officals bias to the more popular states such as Flordia or Texas. I think that we should get rid of the electoral college because it make the smaller states feel left out compared to larger states. If the president was elected by the population not by the "Government" how would it change the way the U.S. worked today.

The text informs me that under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for the slate of electors who in turn elect the president. In my opinion I think that there should be more than 3 votes or 4 votes for a state to elect a president. If the United States went to a population voting system the elections would be more fair to people that live in the smaller states. The text also informs me that in 2000 the U.S. presidential race, Al Gore received more individual votes than George W. Bush nationwide, but Bush wont the election, receiving 271 electoral votes the Gore's 266. If the case of Gore losing the election a year later Bush went to war on Iraq.

If the United States went to a population voting system the percentage of votes would increase dramaticly to cause a honest election. If the election where to happen next election cycle I think that it would change the way the United States votes. People are fooled by the president when they say "I will lower taxes, Protect the environment, or Stop the wars we are in" I thnk that it's a trick for them to win the votes they need to win. If the population voted for the president i think that the United States would not be in debt.

The reason I think that the voting regulations is broken is that smaller states like Rhoad Island is a state that gets 3-10 votes and Claifonia gets 55 votes. If the only thing that make people happy is to be heard by the bigger people in life. If you where a 18 year old kid in a small state trying to make a  new product that could help millions but your in that state that wont let you be heard by the rest of the country.    