Studying Venus seems almost impossible with all the risks, but the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" suggests that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite all the dangers it presents. The author certainly proves their idea on why they think studying the planet Venus is worth it. The author supports their idea by making sure to back it up with evidence. In "The challenge of Exploring Venus," the author supports their idea well by explaining Venus's relationship with Earth, how landing on Venus is possible, and the power human curiosity can have. The author's use of evidence shows readers how seriously they took what they were writing. All the points they made were backed up by evidence on why they felt that way. The author made sure to clearly support each and every point made in their writing.

First, the author uses Venus's relationship to our own planet, Earth, to support their ideas. For instance, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth" (4). The excerpt above illistrates some of the similar features Venus has to Earth. The author uses the similarities of the planets to support their idea of venus being a worthy pursuit. The text also states, "Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel" (4). The author uses this sentence to support their idea by explaining how Venus is one of the nearest options to Earth for space travel. Saving travel time is one way Venus shows it is a worthy pursuit. Overall, the author uses the relationship the planets Earth and Venus have with eachother to support their thoughts.

Secondly, the author uses the point of human curiosity to support the idea that Venus is a worthy pursuit. To illistrate, "...human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors" (8). The author explains how humans are naturally curious, and how this curiosity often times leads them to dangerous situations. Studying Venus has its dangers, but it is no different. Also stated, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation" (8). The author is promoting curiosity because it leads us to new things. Curiosity can overcome the fear of danger when exploring Venus to help us learn new things about the planet. To summarize, the power of curiosity in people is something the author uses to support their opinion of Venus being worth it to explore.

Additionally, the author uses evidence about how landing on Venus is possible to support their idea that it is a worthy pursuit. For example, "At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Farenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth" (5). The author uses this piece of evidence to demonstrate that Venus's conditions are possible for humans to survive, making Venus a serious contendor for space exploration. The author also states, "Some simplified electronics... have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions" (7). The author backs up her idea by using these electronics, that can survive three weeks on venus, to once again show that we can get through to venus. Science and technology being able to help us properly function on Venus shows that the planet is a worthy pursuit. Ultimately, the author backs up her idea by giving evidence on the different ways landing on Venus is possible.

In conclusion, the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" demonstrates how despite the dangers Venus presents, it is worthy of pursuing. Exploring venus seems like it is almost impossible with all the risks it offers, but the author makes it clear in this article that they disagree. Their use of evidence in their writing to support their belief that Venus is a worthy pursuit shows how well researched their case is. The author used evidence on Venus's relationship to Earth, how landing on Venus is possible, and the natural curiosity humans have to support their idea. After taking a look at this article, readers know that the points made in "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" were very nicely supported. The author's support made their idea a thought provoking case.