Would you be willing to figure out what is going on in Vebus? In the articule The Challenges of Exploring Venus there are scientist that want to find more about Venus. Venus is referred to as Earth's "twin". Would you be willing to explore or send Items to explore Venus, so we can know more about it?

Its would be amazing if NASA could get samples of the rock, gas, and other things on Venus. The reason it would be amazing is so that we can know how Venus is just like our earth they call Venus Eath's "twin" so it would be amzaing if they had a lot more in common. NASA is willing to send people there but the only problem is that it is to hot there for people to go there and land there and take samples. The only way NASA said they could send people was if thyey could hover over Venus at about thirty miles or so, that is about how high a jet airplane fly. NASA would like to make things so that humans do not have to risk there lives to get samples so NASA is making some things in the articule it says this

"NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. For example, some simplidied electronis made os silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulatiing to chaos of Venus's surface and hahve lasted for three weeks in such conditions"(7). Nasa finally thinks they have found somethng they could use that was made a lon time ago. it is called the mechanical computer the device was first envisioned in the 1800s and played a important role in the 1940s during WWII. the reason scientist believe they can use this is because the device makes calculations by using gears and leavers and do not need electronics at all, so they are saying systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.

After all would you decide to help out and figure out more about Venus? Scientist are doing a great job so far with everything they are figuring out about what could be more helpful to them. They also know that is can be safe for them to hover over Venus instead of landing on it and having a horrible tragidy. They have a lot of leads of what they can use and lets hope he can find more out about Venus in a couple of years.