electrol college is not just a college it is a process,  The electoral college is a process that consist of the selection of the electors,  it started in the founding fathers established in the constitution as a comprise between election of the president . this means that the electorol college should stay this college is more than just any old college its history ,its in the constitution this college should not be gone this college should be honored. these electorals mainly select the votes for the people in the white house like the president and vice predident. our state is entitled allotment of electors equals the nuimber of memebers in the congressional delegation  . i want electoral college to stay because they are good at things for the state . and they also have a big role in alot of things.

the electors college plays a big role in our state . under the 23 amendment of the constitution , the district of columbia is allocated 3 electors and a treated like a state for purpose of the electoral college . this means that because of the electoral college the district of columbia is treated like a state . so electoral college  is the reason why some districts are called a state why take this type of college away if this has such a big role in alot of things to do with the congress . with out the electoral college they wouldnt have presidents or any thing . in every election the electors are always there in every president election every president have their own group of electors behind them . they are joined by a canidates political party .

u may wonder how the electors work because all u do is see them behind the prsident well the process is hard and they want students who wants to be an elector to get ready on what they are about to get in to . it first start off by the u choosing the president when u choose the president u choose the group of electors this means when you choose the president the electors goes with him or her , most states have winner takes all system that awards all electors to the winng pesidental canidate's electors . after the election the govoner pepares a 'certificae of ascertainment'. this means that that it is listing all of the canidates who ran for president in your state along with names of their respective electors . the electors go through a long process . and the college wants the studentsa to know all the things they need to before they become electors.

the electors deserve to have a college someone might want to be an elector and they might think its hard for them it wouldnt be anything with out electors they do more than just stand behind the president they do more they help the president the president we have today wouldnt be able to run for president without a group of electors . and they need a college for someone who wants to be an elector. this college should be honored to be in a program like that these electors are needed in our country with out electors we would have nothing if we didnt have electors the electoral college is widely know as an non democratic method of selecting a president that outa be by declaring the canidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner .

these are all the reasons why we need the electors program . because they play in a big role of our country and dthey also good for our state and .l so we need these progems to show young student that being an elector is not easy itbis very hard and a long process and we need to show students how the experience is and they also need to be knowleged trained to do stuff that will make our country better . because if they mess up  on one little thing its an automatic fire for them . we need these colleges because it plays a big role and it reuires the votes. of the president meaining it helps the president win .                                                   