Dear State Senator,

It has come to my attention the many problems that the Electoral College has. I would like to ask that we change to election by popular vote for the President of the United States. You see, not only is the Electoral College unfair, but it also creates a lie that tricks everyone into believeing that our President was the one that the majority of America voted for, when that is not always the case.

First off, the fact that the number of electors for each state relies on the number of members in it's Congressional delegation is just illogical...lets say Florida has twenty because of its size, and California has fifty. if both states want to vote for someone different, then California is going to win only because of the size and population difference. So really, you aren't voting for the president...you're voting for the electors who will choose the president. An argument can be made against this...that the electors that you give your vote to will be trustworthy and vote for the person that your party wants. How does that give us a say though? For example, as it says in the article, Al Gore was the president that the majority of America voted for in 2000...he was the one that everyone wanted. Yet he lost the presidency because of this form of voting. This is a free country, or so we're told, so we need to be given the right of popular vote.

Furthermore, the Electoral College system is flawed...there are millions of people in America and yet only 538 votes are counted. There is no way to be assured that the person you voted for, or anyone else, was selected. We need to ask ourselves what the best thing is for our country... letting everybody be dissapointed in who was voted for, or seeing that they got what they spent time on going and voting on. This isn't just a captain for a football team, or a manager at work. This is the president of the United States, and he or she will be running our country for 4 years or even longer, so we need to question this method of voting. We are a unified country, and our unity shows what we want as a country..we shouldn't have one thing chosen and get something completely different in return. The election by popular voting would be a better overall choice for our country.

All in all, arguments can be made both ways...for the Electoral College process or against it. The citizens of America deserve the very best person to lead them, and that's exactly who we should get...the one that America votes for. I know that there are more efficient and fair ways to do this, all we need to do is use them. At the end of the day though, using the election by popular vote would ensure that everyone would be 100% sure that their vote went for who they wanted, and that's what counts.    