Dear Principal,

The students should be required perform community. This is because, the students will need to know about their community and what goes on. This is also because, helping the community is important, it helps them deal with real-world problems, and help develop skills for them. It they are the future, they need to have experiences outside of the school. They should help, so they can be the leaders of the future.

For example, doing community service by baby sitting, they will have experiences on taking care of their own child or children when they have them. With experiences at a young age, they will have known what it is like to take care of they child.

Another example is if the student(s) do community service at a recycling factory, they learn about what is going on in the world and what is the amount of waste humans produce in their country or other counties. Which in turn will lead them to recycle more, which helps the environment and the animals who live there. The student could also have relatives at another country which the can tell them about the amount of waste produced there and what could happen to the world if they don't. Which leads to more recycling, and that helps the world.

And for those who believe that community service is a waste of their time, they don't think about others, they think only for themselves. And that can lead to a life of crime, with selfish desires for what others have.

For example, that person could want a necklace that another wants and they ask and the person says no, that person can feel negative desires for that person. That could lead to stealing the item itself, murdering the person and/or their family members, and/or robbing the store where the person got it from because they cannot afford the item.

The reason people should have to perform community service are listed above. And also, this could lead to a terrible community in the future. And nobody would want that. They would want a tight community. And what a tight community needs is community service done.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME