Dear State Senator,

It has recently come to my attetnion as I study our states voting system, that we as Americans do not have enough word in who we have as our leader. In a plethora amount of documents from the United States, and our Consitution it states all men are creted equal, when in all relaity we are allowing the Electoral College have more say in who our president rather than we do. Not only does the Electoral College have more say in our President, but it alllows the President to only go to states that they feel is nessisary to go to get the vote. It also gives less say to the smaller states making the people there feel there vote doesnt count, allowing them to vote for any party. If we change our voting system we can vote for our leader rather than us voting for the slate of electors, and have the most popular leader of our country be our president.

The first reason i feel we should overthrow the Electoral College is becasue it is discriminating states votes based on there sizes.  In the article,"Does the Electoral College Work", it states that becasue of the diffrent sizes of our states some people feel they do not get a fair say in who makes decisions for our country. They feel that because they dont live in a big state like Texas they do not have equal say in the decisions our country makes. In the article Plumer wrote, " In the same vein, faithless electors have pccasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast a deciding vote for whoever they please...". The Electoral College is changing peoples mind set on how to vote because they feel why should we care if the government does not, can you blame them? If we just took out the simple problem of the Electoral College more voters will vote honestly rather then go with everyone elses vote.

Another reason i feel we should favor the popular vothing system is because this would show that the soon to be presidents should vist all of there voters rather then the ones they know they will probably win. "Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state, canidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight race in the "swing" states." What the author is saying here is the canidates dont give equal chances to the states to here what they,the canidates, have to say. For example if a democrate is going to states he would most likley avoid the ones full of republicans because he feels he has no chance and does not spend the money. But, if we get majority votes this will allow every indvividual to vote rather a group of republicans. Not only does this allow a better chance of winning for that democrate it allows the voters to feel like they can change there minds because they have a say. This will contribute to the conidates because they can now get there point across to more, rather then to select little groups.

The final reason we should get rid of this system is because at this point in time we are not even vothing for our presidents we are voting for people who vote for us. What i mean is "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but the slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." Americans have always wanted to be in power and have a say in what we do but in the case of voting we do not. By doing this we are allowing the government to make all of the decisions for us, as if we were children. When you turn to the legal age for vothing your vote should count. With this majority does not rule, for instance say our votes of 46 percent and 54 percent were to come in. The man of the 46 percent still has a chance of winning when the people had already voted. The problem with that is at that point the peoples word goes out the window, and the government once again jumps in demanding that they choose.

As we learn more about this topic we realize how rediculious this situation is. Obviously, going with popular vote is the best solution because we will finally be what everyone has been trying to do for decades, be equal. Sir, i hope you understand my årgument and really take into concideration what i have said. Our presidents make decisions for us everyday, dont you think its time me get to make one for ourselves?

Sincerly,

Haley Torrone                                                