The electoral congress, made by the founding fathers for the people to vote for the President and Vice President. Also there is a process that consist in the counting of the electoral votes by congress. "the office of the federal Register". There are also issues with the idea of having the electoral congres becuase the voters get confuse and vote for the wrong candidate, but today those erros do not happen. The candidate is the person who is going to be the next President and Vice President.

To begin with, Having the electoral congress is a great idea, it is an easy method of choosing the candidate that the people want to have for four years guiding taking care of the Precidency, and there are reasons of having the electoral congress, if you are part of the united states you can give your opinion and vote for the person that you think is going to the right one.

Secondly, The electoral congress keeps the organization of counting the votes and declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes (The winner). when you are voting for the cadidate you are voting for a slate of electors that were choosen by the congress, and the people will decide who they wanted to be their president and this is all about the people, and their opinion because they are the ones who vote for the candidate and they want him or her to be the president. the congress has some erros but as time is pasing, it keeps getting better and having less issues because they have a modern techonology, thats now is taking care of the votes and keeping it orgainze.

In conclusion, many people today prefer and thank to the founding fathers of creating the electoral congress becuase is way more better. every one who is part of the united states can vote for the candidate that they want. the electoral congress was a great idea and everyone enjoys it becuase they are the ones who give their opinion to the congress and choose the candidate that they want to have for four years, giving benefits to the united states and there is a perfect example of our current precident who is doing a great job taking care of the united states.    