Since the invention of automobiles, cars have become a neccessity in the world. They have shaped our society today and are used by virtually anyone you see nowadays. However, car usage has had its toll on many aspects of our life today. Some places in the world have even gone as far to ban cars to promote a better lifestyle. Limiting car usage is a great idea because it helps the environment and the intrigue of having a car is slowly degenerating.

Cars are part of the reason that our environment needs constant monitoring. Transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, only behind power plants. Our polluted air is mostly made by all of the smog that cars create. Even every-day citizens have taken a step in helping our environment. According to Source 3: Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota, A businessman, Carlos Arturo Plaza, stated that "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." This shows that the problem our environment is facing has even caught the attention of ordinary people. Smog has also become a big issue due to the excessive driving of cars. According to Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog, "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear ther air of the global city." This evidence suggests that excessive smog has become such an issue that now driving has to be banned in order to help our environment, even if just temporarily. The increasing concern for the well-being of our environment has been directly blamed to the use of cars.

Cars are not as ground-breaking as they used to be. In fact, the driving of cars has been steadily decreasing throughout the years. According to Source 4: The End of Car Culture, "recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." This evidence shows that peolpe seem to be losing more and more interest to cars as the days go by. People just seem to be driving less which has given a sharp decline to the number of miles driven in the United States; the ownership of cars per household has also seen a drop and may continue to drop, according to many scientists. Also, driving somewhere seems to be a waste of time and energy. In todays society, new technology has helped people communicate in the same ways that driving would, but without the hastle. According to Source 4: The End of Car Culture, " the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends." This suggests that ebcause of technology, cars are not relied on as much to get messages from people or to go see someone; everything and everyone is just a click away now. In addition to that, riding bikes doesn't sound so bad either and other new forms of transportation has helped question why cars are still heavily used.

The limiting of cars could lead to a variety of new possibilities. It could help better our environment and help make the world a better place for future generations. Also, cars just do not seem as appealing as they used to. New technology and forms of transportation has reduced the need for cars and one day, cars may not be needed at all for our society to thrive. Limiting car use could have a very beneficial effect to not only people today, but also to the people of tomorrow.    