In a school, there are clasrooms upon classrooms that are all teaching different, new, and exciting classes. When walking down a hallway, it is more than possible that the sounds of logorithmic functions could be taught to your left as Shakespeare might be being recited to your right. If you take a turn, one kid may be leaving his photography class to go take pictures for the yearbook while another may be returning from the restroom to go back to her chemistry class where she is studying saturated and unstaurated solutions. Despite the intense differences and varities of classes that there are at a high school, not every one of them is "new", "different", and "exciting," as used previously to describe the classrooms scenes to all kids. Therefore, if it were at all possible that these kids could feel and want to be more engaged in their classes that take up a large portion of their week and youth, the way to do so should be evident in the classrooms. With this in mind, the idea that using Facial Action Coding Systems in classrooms would be valuable is not only true, but something that should be acted upon. (D'Alto).

In the life of someone that is attending school, there is one idea that is always looming over their shoulder. Whether it be like a cloud on a rainy day or a shadow following them on a sunny one, grades are always an important factor in a school-goer's life. Therefore, if this porgram would be able to help kids to be more interested in a topic and be more involved, they may just have improved grades from this system. In the text, the excerpt, "'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming cofused or bored,' Dr. Huang predicts," shows that student's attention could be analyazed. (D'Alto, 6). With this being done, if the computer would be able to recgonize confusion, the student could then be introduced to a better way to learn the material or a way that they beter understand it, then leading to better grades. (D'Alto, 6). Also, the grades of the students could improve based on what the computer decides to do with as much human touch as it can. The passage, "'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor,'" shows that there is a solution to any problems a kid may have with what they are learning. (D'Alto 6). The fact that the computer attempts to try and help the students with a human touch shows that it would have the capibilties to do it's best and help the students to learn better, overall improving the student's grades. (D'Alto 6). With both of these examples in mind, it can be seen that the inclusion of this sytem into classrooms would have the capability to improve both a student's grades and understanding.

When a kid is sitting in a classroom for an hour, atleast, every day to every other day, there is seemable reason as to why and how a kid could get easily side tracked and/or bored. Despite this being true, the inclusion of this program into student's lives may have the ability to greatly improve student's engagement and interest in the classroom. In this article, the author includes, "'Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional connection,' notes Dr. Huang. 'So computers need to understand that, too,'" shows just how the students may become more engaged and interested in their classes that take up so much of their week days. (D'Alto 6). If the computers would be able to connect with the students, there is no reason that these kids would not feel more obligatred to pay attention and more interested to learn what is being taught. (D'Alto 6). Another reason that these kids would gain more by having this system in their schools is the idea that would engage them in a fun manner. When the author included, "The Mona Lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can really do," the reason is stated so in the text. (D'Alto 6). By including this piece, the author is showing that there, overall, is a fun factor to this could intrigue the students and keep them interested in their assignments and school overall. With these two ideas in mind, it can be seen that, as the attention of students is a primary need for schools, if this could improve just that, there is no reason not to include it in student's lives.

As science is an ever-budding field by it's own nature, there is no reason that a new technology wouldn't thrive among those interested in both science and technology. Therefore, as this is something that is new and up and coming, the addition of this to clasrooms may spark a pasion for this subject and inspire a career to form. In the excerpt, "The software is the latest innovation from Prof. Thomas Huang, of the Beckham Institute for Advanvced Science at the University of Illinois, working in collaboration with Prof. Nicu Sebe of the University of Amsterdam," shows just how recent this technology is. (D'Alto 1). With this in mind, if students were able to be introduced and subject to this technology, there could be future scientist that want to further improve this technology and, until then, would be more involved in it's place at school. (D'Alto 1). Also, due to the fact that this technology is not only limited to the classroom, it is then evident that other jobs could be produced out of this technology being in the classroom, sparking interest in young and vulnerable students. As the author includes, "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive--for video games or video surgery," it is showsn just exactly how various the fields are that this technology could be used in. (D'Alto 6). Whether a kid is devoted to learning about medicne or engrossed in playing games, it has been shown that this technology in the classrooms would expose these kids to it's capabilities and potentially create a passion. (D'Alto 6). Therefore, by including this technolgy in the classroom with it's own purpose, the students would be subject to technolgy that is blooming in several fields and could easily inspire a child to become something that utilizes this technology in their future.

As kids are ever-subject to new and upcoming ideas, it is evident that the addition of recent techology could aid their progression in school and would be deemed as important and valuable to include. If a kid were someone that easily lost interest in a course or was not very interested in a certain class, they may then be more provoked to learn and pay attention if this new technology was included at their school and interested them. By doing so, there is potential that the student would then be able to improve their grade and get much out of this porgram. Also, if a student were to be even intrigued in this technology, there could be potential for this studen to go into a job field that dealt with this type of technology as there are many that vary greatly in doing so. Overall, the inclusion of present innovations and technology should be including the next generations, as success for them now will lead to future success for all.