Here is my three reason why student should not go online do the classes work at home.

My first reasons:student should not do there classes from home.

Because it can be hard doing you work at home it batter do the work at work because you can get help by the teacher at home no one can help you. It can be hard to do the work from online because you don't know what the teacher can gave to you i will rather do it at school because it will be easy to do the teacher can help you with it will be hard try to do you classes work online at home.

My seconds reasons:student who are smart should do there classes online at home.

Student who pass the SOL and the class they should get out early from school because people who have a job they should get out early from school. Student should have a high GPA so they can find a collage they want to be they have to think what they want to be when they finish high and collage so they can have there own business person and make money. People who is smart should not go to school because they already pass every they did.

my third reasons:They should make classes work online only for the kids.

Because it will be easy for them to do they classes work online. They should make classes online only for kid it will easy fro them do it it at home batter then school but some parents they want there kid to go to school and do the work at school. If they school do classes online for kid it will be easy for teacher and for the kid.

My finial reason:For school offer classes online at home.

I think all high school student should have classes online at home because it will be easy for student and for the teacher. If student have classes work online at home they can copy from his friends that why is not good to have classes online. Middle school should have a classes work online at home.

summer:

Collage should have online classes becuase it will easy for them do complete the classes online at home they will have time to do it and get a batter garde so you can complete the classes and take a new classes when you get A or B.