People ask for advise all the time, but have you ever thought about getting a second opinion?

Not everyone does, and thats something that needs to change.

When I was about ten I fell off my bike and broke my wrist (or so we thought) we went to the doctor and my dad decided to get a 2nd opinion.

The second doctor stated that I had two minor fractures and that I would need a full arm cast not a hand splint. Seeking multiple opinions is a great way to help you make better choices that could affect you emotionally and physically.

A person can have an opinion, but what really is an opinion.

An opinion is a non factual statement that people use in arguments to every day life.

Everyone has their own opinion but when it comes to medical and physical issues the result could be very bad if three people have different opinions.

Thats why most people get 2nd or even 3rd opinions if none of them match up.

You can not only get second opinions in the medical field you can also get them in the emotional field.

When I was in 7th grade a student asked me if he should commit suicide I said no and referred him to the school counselor.

He later thanked me and went to therapy and currently has an A honor roll.

Seeking multiple opinions can be beneficial to your health and others.

The police force has a negotiator who attempts to persuade a suicidal person or a person robbing a bank not to do what they are doing.

This person goes out onto the front line just to give someone their opinion that could save others lives.

The best way to prove someone wrong is to use factual information but when religion or politics come up most facts go down the drain more so in religion.

But you can prove someone wrong just using opinions.

I was recently engaged in an argument about religion with a fellow lunch mate.

He asked me if I believe in an afterlife I promptly said no and then we then went back and forth.

I was contradicting almost every opinion he had with a fact that I either new or had looked up on my phone.

I ended that lunch feeling quite pleased with myself for fact had beat opinion.

Facts can beat opinions but you can not change what someone believes in if they really do believe in it.

That same student approached one of my colleges they have the same opinion that I do and the student is now contradicting what he so desperately needs to believe.

Although seeking multiple opinions is a good thing to do your opinion almost always comes out on top no matter the consequences.

When seeking multiple opinions be sure your checking with someone with experience in the field you want help with.

Getting multiple opinions can be beneficial to you in a physical and emotional way.

If your emotions get in the way of your safety and others seek a first or 2nd opinion.                     