Some students stay home and take their classes online so they learn better and no socail life helps with you getting your work done but that not always the case of this situition .

Benfit of kids taking they class online or video conferncing dont mean they gone always wanna wake up to do it or they gone wait last min to go the classes on online and now they are late behide wiht their work and lesson and dont know where to start. Some kids probably wouldnt benfit the issues with them having to take school from home. When kids wake up they go for there phone their would miss out a whole 2-3 lesson for forgetting about about they got school work to do and that not good at all .

So some of the kids who not doing the school work at home probably would better doing it at school cause you other people and have a social life with other people and asking for help from people who got different ways of looking at stuff just like how you do . All this goes into how attend classes from home is a little bit of a bad idea cause it can also mess up someone inner thoughts by not having friend or not seeing every friends everday at like how they see each other and you might feel left out . Plus that make your friend like they cant do nun with you if you late behide work and you gotta make it up but they asking you can you go somewhere but you cant case you have stuff to do so thry might look at you like yea they happy for you and all but they probably want you to relax sometimes but you cant the wat you want to.

Also what if you wanted to try out for a sport but you taking classes from home for the school probably not gone be easy like being around people who really go to the school and see what goes on at school but you probably just watch videos or hear about it . So it would be the same as your friend and you pushing them off to do work cause you aint finish all you work so how you gone do sport if you having trouble doing your work .

So overall i feel like student/ kids shouldnt take classes or video conferencing from home cause it going to take away time from them to be them and take away their socail life with theie friend and not help them get a good thing coming from them as in with sport or if they wanted to join a club to that they like with the schoo cause wouldnt know how to get in it if they not phycically in school .