Now you may have heard of something on Mars that looked like a huge rock formation. You may have thought it was created by aliens, but here at NASA I am here to tell you that it's just a mesa.

Well in 1976 we discovered something on Mars that looked like a face! At first we thought it was something like what you think now, we thought it was aliens. The excitement was short lived for us because we ended up saying that "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa" so that made it disappointing for us. You may say that the landform is created by aliens and we're just hiding it from you, but you're sorely mistaken because this discovery would help NASA as a whole if we did reveal it. That's just one of many reasons that we aren't lying about it being a landform.

Another reason that we are completely sure it's a landform is because we can't spot any sign of life on the face. As we said "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size," "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" So even if you thought we were lying saying "Oh this image is a lie they have secret ones that actually show that there's life on Mars in their building," you would have no clue that there's no reason for us to hide life being on Mars. We wouldn't have anything bad happen to us because we discovered life on Mars we would get rewarded for discovering life on Mars so why would we hide it?

And the last reason is that we have factual evidence and credibility to back up that there's no life on Mars. Like we said during this speech we said that "And so on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing... a natural landform." Later on we did it again in the speech "Nevertheless, on April 8, 2001- a cloudless summer day in Cydonia- Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look. "We had to roll the spacecraft 25 degrees to center the Face in the field of view," Said Garving. "Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution." "Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." Now you may say that we never did that, but we have photographic evidence of that clear photo that lets you see everything on the face. So we have the evidence we need to prove that this photo is real.

All together we have the proof that this special land formation on Mars that may look like aliens have built it, but it's just a simple mesa here on Earth something so common.