Dear Senator, I think as a citizen that we should keep the Electoral College going. The Electoral College is keeping us in the right track. There are many reasons is to why we should keep the Electoral College up and running. My personal opinion is that if we don't keep the way it is going, things will become wrong. I have many concerns that i'm going to be sharing with you. Hopefully you will understand.

First, Electoral College has 538 people in the congress working to count the votes that people make. The most votes a President can get up too for winning is 270 Electoral votes. Us citixen's help choose the state's elector when we vote for the President because. When we vote for the candidate were are voting for the candidate's elector. I feel this is fair because if we just had people by popular vote it would be a crazy mess. We wouldn't really look at the qualities each President has or whom ever we may be voting for. Voting is a very serious thing and letting it be done by popular would be making the wrong choice. The Electoral College is voting for President of the United States and, the candidate of who will be Vice President with him.

Second, December is when we find out which electoral will be running our state. Goes for each and individual state. The "Certificate of Ascertainmet" list all of our candidates running. Then they will announce it on the year of election in December. This makes things go on a simple flow. Like i said if we just have a popular voting going around it doesn't make it fair for the Candidates running. We vote for the Slate of electors who then go an vote for President. I think this is right because some people don't understand political things and make the wrong choice of President. If we have people who are in the government and know how to be a good congress we should trust them to make the United States a well place to be. No one is ever going to have which ever Elector they want. Some people may just vote for one of the candidates because their bestfriend voted for him or her.

Third reason is, If we have people that have more knowlodge then us then, we can have a good President. If we just based it off what we might know and not know. We could be putting are self as American Citizen's in a bad place. If there was to be a tie then we still have someone with more knowlodge then us to back us up. The House of Representatives where they will vote for President. This is usually on rare occasions, but if it were to happen we would have no worries. Some people vote to just vote and don't really know what there voting for or what that person might do for us. Some people may vote because of what race, what they look like, anything really. I think if we keep the Electoral College it will keep us good.

What i'm really trying to explain is that. The President should be choosen correctly and wisely. Some people aren't very educated in politics and, we don't want just votes beacause we can vote. We want the votes to mean i know this person, i know he or she can do the job. I know this person is capable of being our President. In the end i honestly feel the Electoral College will work for now any to many years that will past.

Sinceraly  Taylor                                    