For me I'm not okay by techonology called the Facial Action System because that can't tell that you can describe people's emotion, For me i think we're the only one and are family who can tell what's are emotion we can't also tell what's other's people emotions and also if you really don't know that person you can't really say or red what's their emotions. Like example even we smile in front of people that doesn't express that we're really happy etc because sometimes people smile because they don't want to see other people's worrying for them so they're just choosing to smile in front of them. Like me sometime's if im with other people even l'm sad or angry, l don't what to show what's my real emotion because l'm just choosing to smile in front of them because i don't want them to worry about my emotion or something. The only people who can read or tell what's are emotion is no other than are parents because they know us better than other people. We been on their tummy for nine months so they are the only one who can really read or tell what are emotion.

"While looking in the mirror " By looking in the mirror can't really explain or say what's are emotion are becuase mirror don't speak and it doens't tell your emotions. People use mirro just becuase they want to see what's on their face or if it's dirty or what, how they look before they go somewhere. Mirror just copying what were doing in front of the mirror like if you start talking ofcorse your twin face in the mirror also gonna start talking too,becuase mirror is just a piece of a glass that can't describe what's people's emotion. Mirror can copy what were doing but can't say what are emotion or feeling.

"Dr. Huang predict that it could be modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. The same technology can amke computer-animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery because of of human is nonverbal, including emotional communication. Dr. Huang said computer should understand that too becuase its really hard and different.