Being assingned president of the united states is a very big deal, especially to the millions of people that live in this god blessed country.

herThe united states of america has had different presidents ever since the beginning of this country. These presidents are not in it for the money, but they are holding the title

"

president"

because these people want what is right for this country. But, how do we pick who gets to be president? It all comes down to the electoral college. Citizens of the united states are allowed to vote at the age of 18, these votes are said to mean so much, but that isnt always the case. It really all comes down to the number of electoral votes. Why make all these citizens vote, when the outcome might not even follow along with these votes.

There are two types of votes. The electoral college votes, and the popular votes which is the number of citizens who voted for one certain canidate. How ever there has been times where the popular vote did not win the election. In 2000, canidate Gore had more of the popular votes then Bush did, but Bush had the most electoral votes. Shouldn't the citizens of this country be the ones who get to determine who the President is? I mean the President has a big duty and the citizens rely on His/Hers duty as president to keep things going right. The President can make huge decisions that affect these citizens which can make things horribly wrong or amazingly right.

Yes, I know the people in the electoral college are super smart geniuses that know what they are doing, but? This is the country i live in, this is the country i was raised in, this is the country i love and am so blessed to be. I deserve to be able to pick the president i want, or at least have my vote be the reason the president i was rooting for wins. Us fellow citizens of the united states only want whats best for us. We may not be as smart as the people in the electoral college, but that sure wont stop us from knowing who we like and who we think is better for our country. We deserve as much right to have our own president as much as anyone in the elecotral college does.

This God blessed country is home to millions, it might not be perfect, but it is the greatest country in the world. The people who get the amazing benefit of living here deserve to be able to elect the President they want. These people want what they believe is best.                     