Have you ever heard about big faces on Mars, NASA has gone on many space trips but this time they found sothing creepy. They had found big faces made in the dust, NASA said they have never heard about anything like this before So that makes me a little scared on how they got there.

I think that it is scary having planets have faces on them. these Faces were found in 1976 and it was hard to see and in 1998 and in 2001 the face got covered by sand and dust and you couldnt see it anymore. in 1976 there was a group called the Viking 1 sent by NASA. They had found a 2nd face made and it had shadows in its eyes, and mouth.

There was a big time when everyone kept talking about these faces in magazines, in social media, and in abandoned stores. "The Face on Mars has since become a pop icon. It has starred in holltwood films, appered in books, magazines, radio talk shows, even haunted grocery stores."(5)

Some people say that these faces are awesome and that NASA should go on the planet Mars and explore the faces on Mars. This finding was very important to tax payers. NASA had taken many pictures of these faces they even sent another space ship to go with a better camera to take better pictures." we felt this was important to taxpayers", explained Jim Garvin, chief scientist for NAS's Mars exploration program." we photographed the Face as soon as we could get a good shot at it." (6)

NASA had sent a 3rd space mission in April 5, 1998 when the space ship had passed over Cydonia the took a picture of the face. It is very hard to find this face because it was under a cloud on Mars. When the space ship took a picture there wasnt anything at all because they were in the wrong are of the planet. When the space ship got to the right place it was hidden but it was in the same place. People think that aliens had put a Haze over the face so the peoploe couldnt see it anymore. "The camera on board MGs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face. perhaps, said skeptics, Alien markings were hidden by haze.(8)

No one has ever seen these Faces again so maybe they were hidden by some or somthing. Hopefully soon NASA will send another space trip to try to find these Faces again. It proves that a lot of people were scared at first but then they werent because the space mission couldnt find them then they did and everyone was excited. Personally i would be scared knowing that somthing had made those then hid them with Haze and clouds.