Do you want to stay at home? There's a lot of countries around the world where schools offer distance learning. Distance learning is where students can stay at home and be home schooled. It can either be online courses or video conferencing. Some people may say that students won't benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they won't be able to meet new people and experience the real world. However, they are incorrect because some students get frustrated around others or even gets bullied which can cause them to not focus and do well. Clearly, students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because some of them prefer working independently, some of them live far away and some of them doesn't want to have problems.

It will be very beneficial for some students to attend classes from home because some of them prefer working independently. There's a lot of students that like working together and being in groups and discussing things, but some of them are very shy. They're scared to talk around others, so they prefer working by themselves. In school, sometimes you're forced to work in groups or participate in a discussion which will frustrate that student and they won't be able to do it. Consequently, it will effect their grade. This proves my claim by saying that students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they won't have to worry about working with others or talk except for the teacher if it's online conferencing.

It's also very beneficial for some students to attend classes from home because some of them have problems at school or gets bullied. Millions of students get bullied in and outside of schools. A lot of the time the problem never gets solved because students are scared to tell someone. If they don't tell anyone about because they're scared from that other person, they're going to continue to get bullied. They won't be able to focus anymore, so their grades will drop. The only thing that will be in their mind is the fear from that other person bothering them again and bullying them which includes; abusing them, insulting them or taking something from them like their food. This proves my claim by saying students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they won't have to worry about being bullied or having any problems and they will be able to focus very well.

Lastly, it can be very beneficial for some students to attend classes from home because some of them live far away. There's a lot of students that want to take a certain course like a language or anything but they can't because they live far away. So, by online classes they will be able to take that class without having to go all the way to that certain school. They can either learn it by a website or by a video conference where they will still be taught by a teacher and won't have to go all the away to school. This proves my claim by saying that students will benefit from being able to attend class from home because they won't have to worry about going all the way to that school for those specific classes. Some people may say that students won't benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they won't get to meet new people and make friends and they won't really experience the real world. However, they are incorrect because some students live far away and some of them don't want to feel frustrated or have problems at schools with others. In conclusion, it's very beneficial to be home schooled or take classes online because it solves a lot of problems and the student will be able to focus and do well.

However, students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they will be able to take a certain course if they live far away, they will be able to work independently if that's what they prefer and they won't have to worry about having problems at school with others like bullying. Being homeshooled and taking online classes is very beneficial and a good idea for others. They won't have to worry about living far away, they won't have to worry about working in groups and being forced to talk and they won't have to worry about having any problems with others. They'll work indecently and will be able to focus and do well. 