Not everyone likes to be in extracurricular activities or have or have to stay after school. Sometimes it can be tiring and it can put a lot of stress on you. That can really be hard on you as a kid. But I am here to tell you why we shouldn't have to be in extracurricular activities.

There are many reasons why we shouldn't have to be in extracurricular activities. One would be that other kids might have things they have to do after school like dance practice or softball practice etc. so that would make it hard for them to be at both or have a miss one of their practices. Two maybe some students just don't want to do extra stuff for school maybe after a long day at school they just wanna go home and relax or watch TV. Another one could be that they just don't find it appealing and they can start lacking in it and not helping out in anyway. That is just coming off of personal experience.

Some other ones would be that some students will do it just to act up in that class. I have seen people that has caused so much harm to a class or a sport because someone made them do it and they really don't want to be there. If I was the teacher personally I wouldn't want a student on my team or in my class that it there just to act up. Next, some kids will do it because their friends are doing it. You all want kids that are going to do it because they want to not because they see their friends doing it.

Others might be that they could be doing just to waste your time. Personally if I want to do something I'm gonna do it but I'm not gonna waste your time but other kids don't ever think about that. Another one would be that they might not be doing it for the right reason. Most people that I have seen have got into something just to say that they are in not because they want to help they, just want to make their self look good and thats not OK. We can't always force someone to do something they dont want to do.

I honestly disagree with this decision because there could be a kid or a select group of kids that like to start fights or want to harm other students. I wouldn't want to work in that type of environment where I'm scared to even ask a question. You all should let the students decide for themselves what they want to do. If you don't all the stuff that I told you might happen it might actually happen. You have to give us the chance to decide what we want to do in life.