To:Mr. State senator.

From: PROPER_NAME

DEAR:Mr. state senator.

There has been many contraversies over the electoral colledge. The contraversies have been wether America should keep the this form of electing presidents or abolish it from our humanity. The electoral colledge,for many years,has been a effective and conveinient way of an election. As was stated in source three,"the electoral colledge is widely regarded as an anarchronism". this means that this way of electing a president has been around for many years and was meant for this country. There are three reasons why it is  important to keep the method of an electoral colledge. For one,professional slate of electors can be trusted to vote for the party's nominee. Two,this method is more convienient,and lastly posses more acuracy.

The first reason why keeping the electoral colledge is important is because of professional slate of electors. these people or voted on by inndividuals to vote for there nominee president. these people can be trusted on a high level because of there preactices over the years.

The second reason why keeping he electoral colledge is important is because it is far more convieneint for most people. Reular individual voting may take up someones day by haveing them wait hour at a time in lineat a polling station. this is very unconvient to the person,especially if there day is buisy. what the electoral colledge does is take that persons vote into the hands of someone else. this save time and money for the averadge person.

The last reason why keeping the electoral colledge is important is because it pposses more accuracy than a regular vote. As stated in source three,"because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner takes all basis". this means that a person with more electoral votes than popular votes may win an election. this is because electoral votes way more in a way.

this concludes my reasoning why the electoral colledge should be kept in the American way of electing presidents. the reasons for this is,for one,proffecional slate of electors can be trusted. Two,it is more convienient,and three,it is more effective.    