Soccer, student council, and debate are all examples of extra curricular activities that will benefit students greatly in their future. You learn many life lessons while playing a sport, communicating with others, and debating. Being exposed to this type of activity from a young age will ensure your success in later years.

Playing a sport teaches you resilience, and how to work with a team. Loosing a sports game does not feel good but its something every one has experienced. Although not everyone knows how to handle losing. When you are taught from a young age how to be resilient and bounce back from a lose, it will be much easier to handle those losses as an adult. Playing a sport also requires team work, you have to work with your team to score a goal. Learning how to communicate with your team mates is very similar to communication in the work place.

Being on the student council is all about communicating with your peers. If this communicating is not done properly or clearly it will be very hard to get work done. When you get a job as an adult clear communication will be mandatory. If you do not communicate properly, someone could end up doing something differently then you intended. In student council, students will learn how to communicate with their peers. By doing this, communication as adults will be much easier. Even in disagreements your communication will be essential.

Debate teaches students how to argue respectfully while still getting your point across. You will encounter many arguments in your life so knowing a way to argue with out hurting anyone is a curtail life lesson. Arguments between friends, and families are very common, but these are people you love and always want by your side. Knowing how to argue kindly and not escalating to a fight is very important.

School offering a variety of mandatory extracurricular actives is a great idea. This way students can learn important life lessons while doing something they enjoy. These actives teach children important lessons from knowing how to handle losing, communication with others, and even how to respectfully settle an argument. Being exposed to this type of activity from a young age will ensure great success in later years of life.