Do you think that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home?

I don't think the students would get benefits from being able to attend clasess from home. First, the students not have somebody like a teacher to tell what to do and no body give pressuare. For example: if the student don't want to do what the student have to do no body tells nothing. Second, the student who takes oline classes will not have any friends or somebody to talk. For example: Everybody want any friend or somebody who can we talk if you do stay at home you never meet someone and never know somebody. Third, the student maybe can get frustate to be lonely at home. For example: if the student take oline classes and watch videos conferencing maybe will be boring and the studend get stress in another part if the student take the classes at school he be with friends or somebody to talk. Next, if the student stay at home the student can do whatever the student want to do. For example: if the student want to play video games the student can do that and if the student want to sleep he can do that too because the student will not feel with any responsability also, if the student wants to go outside he can do that because the student will be at home and maybe their parents work all day. Finally, if you take the classes at home and never came to school you cannot live the experinces that we live at school. For example: if you take a classes at home you cannot participate in any activity that the school have like a any sport or party or any activity that one is so funny and you can enjoy the activities with you friend or teachers who always are there for us to lisen if you have any problem and the techer are like a secret box because you can tell whatever you want and they never tell to someone. That's why I think is nice to get classes at school and I think is not so good to take classes at home because you can get more fun at school and is a experince that you will never forget.

In another part if you did not want to get school because someboby bother you like if another student tell you a nickname that you di not like maybe can be a reason that you did not want came to school but you can took with you adviser or your's parents because every body have a opportunity to be at school and anybody can't tell you anything.      