Driverless cars could be the way of the future or end up being the worst invention humans have ever fabricated. Driverless cars is a very good idea that could change the world for good. Even though there are some dangers, with research and time, these dangers could be eliminated for good. The idea of driverless cars is a great idea because the environment will benefit from it greatly and human error on the roads will become a thing of the past.

The environment will benefit greatly from driverless cars. For example, "The cars forsees will use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus."

Also Modern cars have much better fuel economy and lower emissions than older, driver reliant vehicles. Crash rates will go down so there will be less debris on the road. Human error is also something that will become a thing of the past.

With time and research, cars can easily become smarter than a human. Humans lose attention on the roads, develope road rage, and brake the law frequently. These are all things that could lead to a fatal crash. For example, "Further improvments in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own." Drunk driving will also become a thing of the past and save more lives than anyone could even imagine. A driver less car can also utilize some of the cars capabilities that a human can not access. "The information from the sensors can cause the car ti apply brakes on individual and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone.

The idea of driverless cars is a great idea because the envirnment will benefit from it greatly and human error on the roads will become a thing of the past. Technology is advanced enough where we can develope safe and effective ways of getting rid of human error. Driverless cars are a great example of human innovation becomeing a reality. I look forward to see how driverless cars will excel in todays world and how they can improve our lives in the coming decades.