Recently the principle made a big change to our school. He decided that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. After I heard about this, I started thinking of how this can impact our school. Some students might disagree with this new change, but I actually agree with the principle's decision. There might be some minor ways on how this can effect students, however, I think this could be a great way to improve students mental health. Students should at least participate in one extracurricular activity because this could make students more productive, help students find something they might be passionate in, and have a great way to make new friends.

The first reason why I agree with the principle is because it can make students more productive after school. There are many students who can get lazy when they come home from school. Most of the time, I can be one of those students. Usually when I come home after school, I always get the urge to jump on my bed and just watch videos on my phone. When I get on my phone, I can get so invested in it, that I don't even realize I have a lot of homework assignments to do.

Being lazy is just unhealthy for your body and mental health. Most students probably have been in the same situation as me. Although, if those students were to be in a extracurricular activity, they would be more productive. For example, an activity like playing soccer can help someone's brain/and body to be more active. Another example would be participating in any art-related activity, which can help students think more creatively. Doing any extracurricular activity would be way better than to sit down and watch on a device. To sum up, extracurricular activities are a good way to help someone have a productive task to do.

The second reason why I agree with the principle is because extracurricular activities can help some students find something to be passionate in. There are some students who might not have any activity or hobby they're passionate in. If those students had to take an extracurricular activity, they would have a more chance of finding something they like. Some students might even end up liking an activity they never thought they would. Every school gives many options in extracurricular activities. If a student tries out an activity and they don't like it, they can always try a different one. Also, another benefit in finding a activity you like, is getting a lead to a career you might want to have in the future. It's always good to know what you're passionate in, so you can have more options for future careers.

The final reason why I agree with the principle is because joining in extracurricular activities can be a great way to make new friends. Socializing and making friends is important for anyone's mental health. Friends can be supporting and a helping hand at any time. The friends you make can also build a strong character in you. If you join an extracurricular activity that you really like, it can be easier to make friends because they will have the same interest as you. Because of the similar interests, the friends you make through an activity can be more closer than the friends you make in class. Making friends gets you to know other people in your school, and it's better to know more people so you can feel more comfortable at school. All in all, extracurricular activities can be the best opportunity in making great friends.

There may be other ways that extracurricular activities can benefit students, but the reasons I thought of were the most important to me. With extracurricular activities students can be more productive, find an activity they might be passionate in, and make new friends. Also, extracurricular activities can play a important role in life by leading you to a career. For the students who don't agree in partaking in any activity, just keep in mind that It's always better to try new activities because you might end up liking it! 