Dear Senator,

The reason for writing this letter is because in a recent topic brought up to the nation the Electoral College was being revised to see new changes in the way we choose our president. The Electoral college is a fundamental way on how we control the voting process for our president. In an article "What is the Electoral College" by the Office of the Federal Register it had an interesting statement that stood out. In the text it said " The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election by a vote in Congress and election of the President by popular vote...". This is telling us that the Electoral College that was established many years ago is the same thing that people are voting for now, because people today are fighting for voting by popular vote but the current Electoral College is the same thing. The current Electoral College is working fine, this is one of the reasons it shouldn't change but there are more reasons as to why it shouldn't change.

The current Electoral College has worked greatly to our nation even though people don't see it that way but it has. Another reason that the Electoral College should stay the same is because many people want to abolish the Electoral College even though its helped them choose a president that is either fighting for the nation itself or fighting for the people. The reason that people want o abolish the Electoral college is in an article "The Indefensible Electoral College: why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer. In the article it states " It's official: The electoral college is unfair... Abolsih the electoral college!". This is telling us that some of the people in the nation want to abolish the Electoral College because they want their own system of electing a president.

The Electoral College has been named man things and has been tried to change but it can't because that is the only way people as a nation know how to choose a president. In the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer it says " ...The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. and the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best..". This shows us that even the people that are fighting agaist the Electoral College are making random statements that either go for it or against it because they don't know what they are fighting to achieve.

The Electoral College is the same thing people are trying to change because in the article "What is the Electoral College" by the Office of the Federal Register it states " The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect a president...". This textual evidence shows that the Constitution was actually compromising what the people are fighting for and what is already used. This also tells us that the current Electoral College is what is needed and shouldn't be changed.

In Conclusion, the Electoral College shouldn't be abolished or changed to popular vote elects the president because the current system is working fine and the reason people are fighting agaisnt it is because they might not know what they are fighting to change or maybe they think that the Electoral College is changing the vote so that they government has their chosen president rather than the peoples president. All those ideas are things that people think when their favored senator, mayor, or President loses their chance. The people just need to realize that the current Electoral college was made by the fathers of this country in order to compromise what they are fighting for and what is already used. These are the reason why the Electoral College should not be changed.            