In 1976 Viking 1 snapped a photo of Mars. Viking 1 spotted a shadowy likeness of a human face. Many people think it was created by the life on Mars. Many people think that it is just a natural landform. There was no alien creation after all. I am going to tell you why this is just a natural landform created on Mars.

First, Michael Malin and his MOC took a picture of the "face" and claimed it to be just a natural landform. The picture was more clear than the orginal 1976 photograph. When NASA got a good shot at the "face" they rused out there to the Red planet to get a good shot. Jim Garvin said, "We photographed the Face as soon as we could get a god shot at it." And it was revealed that it is a natural landmark.

On April 8th, 2001 Cydonia became cloudless. And it was easy for NASA to see the mysterious face. NASA took a picture "3 times bigger than the pixel size." So if there was an object like a airplane on the surface of Mars, you would be able to see what the object was. Turns out that the picture showed a butte or mesa.

"It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River of Idaho," says Garvin. The mysterious face turned out to be a butte. Not a Alien artifact. Each pixel in the 2001 photo spans 1.56 meters. compared to 43 meters per pixel in the Viking 1 photo. "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars," said Garvin.

NASA is apart of the Government. The Government lies all the time. So that kinda makes people think that NASA is lying about the "Face" being a natural landmark. The Government and NASA are keeping secrets in Area 51. So they must be keeping this whole "Face" thing secret too. That it's not a butte or a mesa. But that it was created by life on Mars.

In conclusion, NASA still hasn't prooved that there is life in Space. But does this "Face" landmark proove that there is? We just have to wait and find out. This is a story that has been going around for decades. And it is still unsolved. NASA recently found ice caps on other planets. And claimed that there was water on Mars but it evaporated, casusing the huge valleys and canyons on Mars. 