Getting to school everyday may not be possible to many students based on their circumstances. To others, their mental health might put them in a position where they are not able to reach their full potential at school, causing their grades to suffer. Whatever the reason may be, taking classes online is a convenient way of being present in school while also meeting the needs of those who need it. Schools offering online classes to students would be a grand benefit to all students, and could make a profound impact on their learning and their grades.

Mental health is a big issue in many teens and often gets in the way of learning; however, distance learning could be a solution to this problem. For example, some students have social anxiety, so going to a crowded school is hard for them. This mental disorder could and often will impact their learning, not allowing students to reach their full potential. If being in a school with a large number of students is upsetting to them, they could take their classes from home. This would allow them to still be able to pursue an education while not being in a triggering environment, which could make a large impact on their grades. In the comfort of their homes, students would be able to move at their own pace to make sure they know the material, stimulating academic success.

Some students may have different circumstances in which they are not able to go to school everyday, but distance learning could help them get the education they need despite these circumstances. For instance, what if a student has to stay home to take care of their sick mother. Because the student needs to stay at home, online classes would be a grand benefit to them. Online classes would allow the student to be able to check up on his mother while still getting an education. With these classes, the student wouldn't have to sacrifice school for his mother, or vice versa: he would be able to do school and care for his mother at the same time.

Sickness often leads students with two options: go to school and run the risk of infecting others, or staying at home while everyone else is learning, ultimately causing them to be left behind in school. Many students wake up sick but still choose to go to school because they are afraid of being left behind and have their grades suffer, especially in more advanced classes. Going to school puts the other students that they come into contact with at a risk of getting sick, and is the main reason how sickness spreads in schools. With the availability of distance learning, however, students who are sick would be more likely to stay at home instead of going to school and contaminating others. They could rest at home and wait out the sickness while not being stressed out about missing school and having to make up work for all of their classes. Online classes are a huge benefit that provides students who are sick with an opportunity to keep up with their school work while not putting others at risk.

In total, distance learning and online classes provides a chance for students to be able to attend school despite their different circumstances. Students would not have to stress out about missing school because they would be able to attend class from home, which would make a positive impact on their grades. Other students wouldn't have to make a choice to pursue an education or care for their sick relative. Some students wouldn't have to choose between their mental health and the opportunity to go to school. They wouldn't have to run the risk of getting other students sick and missing valuable school time. Instead, they would be able to do classwork from home which would make it significantly easier for these individuals to go to school without sacrificing anything. Online classes would allow all students to have an equal opportunity to have an education, regardless of circumstances that would hold them back should distance learning not be available to them. 