Some schools require students to complete projects to assure they continue learning during break. Should these projects be teacher-designed or student-designed?. I think these projects should be teacher-designed because in my opinion it would be better and it would actually help them more. By the teacher designing it, it means she/he is giving them the information on what they should be working on. By them giving the information students can or will find it easy to do and finish them fast so they can have the rest of the summer for them.

Summer projects designed by teachers in my opinion it would help students to learn more and not forget what they have learned about. Teachers who designed these projects should give each student to work on a target they have struggle with or did not understand. Teachers should designed summer projects that could be work with other people, they should make it fun. Summer projects should be fun but yet the students can still be learning. Projects do not have to be boring all the time. They should make it about getting up,doing some movements. When students are doing these projects they should be walking, running, laughing, talking, and working with one another. If teachers make these summer projects boring students may want to do them. Is also their summer where they have fun, where they go to vacations with their families, where they go to the pool, the beach. Summer is basically their free time, their free month, no school.

By assigning these projects to students is going to help them to not forget the information they learned about and also to learn new information. For example, when I go to summer break or any other break and come back to school after that break or whatever break it would be I would and still not remember a thing, all the information I learned about would be gone yeah there used to be some stuff that I still will remember but most of it will be gone. In math class we would start a target; when the teacher would be teaching us a target she will be like "You guys should know this information already from last year". In my head I would be like "uhhhh.. no,no,no ma'am I do not remember this; how was I going to remember this!". I would honestly not like having work over the summer because for me summer should be school free and homework free, eventhough; I think is really helpful but I do not think is for me. If I ever get to do something like that I think I would do it but if it brings something fun for example, the ones that do most projects could win something, they should make it exciting.

Summer projects, yes absolutely they can be really helpful. These projects can help students a lot. These projects can help students by remembering things they have learned about, also by learning and gathering new information in their heads. By making these projects fun of course students would love to do them. Teachers do not give students something boring to learn about because they are not going to do it. By making it boring students would get bored fast. So teachers make these summer projects fun. I really think these projects would be more helpful being teacher-designed.                           