dear mister senator, of course because this is america (and because were idiots) we have a problem. no not taxes,no not jobs or health care. its the president,how we elect the president that is. the electoral college that is. it changes the way we elect our president,and a lot of people don't like that,me being one,and i think we need to just have a straight forward election.

of course you know the electoral college is a bunch of representitives from every state tha have a president in mind when they go to vote in the meeting of the electors. it basically mean your not voting for the president directly,your voting for the electoral to (hopefully) vote for your canidate that you supposedlly "voted" for. this system is wrong because it is unfair to those who vote for the other president,but still suceceed in helping the electoral college vote for whatever president they feel like voting for at the time.

this is why i think we should ban it becuase it isn't the fairest (or smartest) way to handle the goverment. yeah,it is a idea created by the "great" founding fathers. and yeah,it is a conveinent way sort and group people like a "who's with who" method.

but there are a few things that can be problematic like i don't know say bribery from the president to the electoral college,i mean come on it's not like that hasn't happened before,like the whole nixon thing,and Kennedy pretty much cheated on his wife with Marlyn Monroe. but,this can be stopped just with a simple petition to get rid of or change the electoral college. then,this could stop some presidents before agreed with me like Jimmy Carter,Bob Dole, and groups like the U.S Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO according to source 2. Al Gore didn't win because of the electoral college,even though he won the popular vote! yeah it was created by the founding fathers,and we should respect there great legacy,but that was then and this is now. this is coming from the guy who faught for independence and peace...but had over 200 slaves himself,yeah not much of a hero. 60% of voters prefer a direct election over a electoral college according to source 2.

please mister senator,please make the right choice and choose to abolish the electoral college because it is unfair and calls for curuption. the information will tell that more voters will be happier with a direct election than a electoral college,isn't that what you want? whats's best for the people? it can be changed if you choose to ban it. they may have been the founding fathers in the past...but who are the fathers of today? be the new founding father mister senator.    