Although schools said students should not attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because students are not learning enough, actually students should attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because students have more time to sleep and the opportunity of more healthy food.

Some schools said students should not attend to classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because students are not learning enough. For example, a teacher said students are more lazy and Generic_Name said students don't take classes seriously. In my opinion I think that taking classes at home will be a big problem because students don't do what they supposed to do and also some time students just look at Google to answer what the teacher told to them. Students are not working hard to get want they want, some just said i want to be this or that but they don't put effort in on.

Schools believe that students who take classes at home by way of online or video conferencing are not learning enough. For example, people think students become more interested in other things because they are at home and they can do whatever they want. Generic_Name said that students don't do homework when they attend to an school ,they will not do it at home either. In my opinion all that this people are saying is true because students don't see that what they are doing now can affect they life in the future, because if they to have a diploma they will never have a good job. I think that those schools that want students to take classes at home are making students to be more lazy than they are.

Although some schools said students should attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because students need more time to sleep. A reason is that students need to rest they mind so students can be prepare for the next day of class. Another reason is that students need to sleep at least 9 hours because they always went to bed late. In my opinion students need to sleep well because it is good for our self to sleep the correct hours not too little and not too much.

At this time some schools offer a distance learning program that will let students attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because students can eat more deathly food. A example is that the president said that all the students have the right to have a good nutrition. A doctor also said students need a good nutrition because having a good nutrition students can absorb all the learning process. In my opinion this is a good idea because student can have a better nutrition at they on home. Having a good nutrition will make students more strong and they will be able to do many things.

In my position i think students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students will never put interest in what the need to do. This idea will just cause problems because is a lie that students will be connected to computer to take the classes. It is not the same to take classes at home that at school because at school students can ask the teacher if they have a question and teacher do what ever she/he need to do to make sure students understand it. To give students the opportunity have classes at home is like give students the option to take classes or not. I believe that finishing schools is a great goal in life is like the firth step to more big stuffs.

Some schools said students should not attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because students are not learning enough. I think that is the best because is not good for the students to take classes at home. Those schools who believe students should not take classes at home is because they want the beast for all the students.     