In this day and age, everything is always changing. New technologies and innovations bring about more efficient ways of completing tasks that were once tedious. One thing that hasn't changed in a long time, however, is the education system. Students commute to school, sit in class for eight hours, and then go home and do homework. Schools should offer fully online learning to students because learning at home would save time, and would allow students to learn at their own pace.

Most students take a bus to school, and for some, this trip is very time consuming. I, for example, live thirty minutes away from my school. This means that I spend five hours or more each week just traveling to and from school. Online learning would eliminate this issue, and would eliminate most of a school's transportation costs. Online learning would save students time because it can be done in the comfort of one's home.

Online classes are typically completed whenever the student wants to, so online learning would work for learners of all speeds. For some students, sitting in class for eight hours straight with little time between classes is grueling, and yet others have no trouble focusing for the whole day. Online learning could let learn at their own pace, wether it be taking breaks throughout the day, or completing all of their work in one sitting. Online learning would also prevent the spread of certain diseases, because students are no longer crouded in the same building together.

While some may argue that online learning takes away the one-on-one time between students and teachers that is necessary for learning, there is an easy solution to this. If online learning is proposed in schools, students should be able to request video conferences with their teachers if they require additional instruction. If classes are held live online with all of the students instead of done at the students pace, the students could "raise their hand" by clicking something on their screen that makes something pop up on the teacher's screen, and the teacher would then call on them.

Overall, online learning would be very beneficial for students and teachers because it gets rid of commuting time and, in some cases, lets students learn at their own pace. New technologies are made to improve efficiency, and we need to use them to their fullest. The ability to communicate with people from long distanced through calls has existed for decades, and it is about time we use this technology in our school system.