Have you ever wondered what it is like in Venus and how we might be able to study more about it. Studying Venus closely is worth the risk for more information on Venus. With the information it could lead scientists into making better technology to explore mars or other planets. The exploration could also be our backup Earth if the current Earth in inhabitable. With all the risk it may not be possible to explore Venus but if you are determined to find the answers then it could be possible.

There would be all sorts of information if we studied Venus closely. There are a lot of problems but it is still possible. There are a lot of people that wants to know more about Venus. For example on paragraph 4 it states that, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." This is stating that Astronomers know that one day Venus will change and humans will be soon able to land on it without much difficulties.

The information just from Venus could even help us explore other planets and solar systems far from our solar system. With the information we could possibly find another earth-like planet faster or easier. On paragraph 8 it states, "...but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." This quote is stating that our curiousty will soon take us over and eventually humans will do anything to findout more about Venus or anything in general. I believe that someday we will be able to find the truth about Venus and more information or data that can help us with exploring other planets.

All of us have thought of what will happen if the current Earth we live on is destroy or inhabitable. Well our 2 options are either Mars or Venus, if we knew more of the planet Venus and how it behaves. On paragraph 4 it says that, " Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This is stating that Venus could return or we can make it return to how it was originally and possibly live on it. This is a good reason I think Venus will be able to accept humans and find more facts and informations.

In conclusion we have wondered how things are in Venus. We even wanted to know what would happen to humans if they went to Venus. There would be lots of information if we visited and came back perfectly. With all those information we got from visiting Venus it could help us with other difficulties from different planets. The Venus we know as of right now could be different as we learn more about it and find a way to change it closley to Earth.