no one is evan going to read these things so there is no point in doing this test it is wasting everyones time. sumester exames are coming next week and we loose almost a whole week of reveiw on a test we are not even being graded on. the government is so messed up. why do spoiled rich people have the only say so when it comes to my egucation, they dont care what happen to us cuz there sopulled rotan kids go to privat schools were mommy or daddy can let them do what ever they want. while the rest of us have have to put up with there polisys and standerds cuz oure parents have no control.

no matter how hard we try we will never change, this world is dieing and we are the once doing it. no the animals not the earth not the cars, us the human rase is killing the plant, we are the biggest pradusers of polution, we drive the cars we burn fosal fuals we are the ones killing our world. when th time comes the human rase is going to have to find a new place to livve beacase the world is going to be so toxsic that no living thing will be abal to survive on earth. the ones that will be blamd will be us and if we kill this planet it is oonly right that the human rase dies with it.

right now the world is changing there are people that think its no big deal and others that think its the end of the world. i realy dont know what to thinnk. its in human nature to be selfish and only worry about ourselfs so yaeh we dont evan care oubout ourself as a group or futer generations evan wild animals know the importants of pasing on futer genes. wild animals clearly under stand what we humans seem to always forget, we are all going to one day die. we wont be here forever and as a seseas we need to worry about our futere generations and were will thay live and how will they sevive.

we all love the time when we are teens and the big highlight of that time in our lives is that we start to drive. we are evan more exited if we get a new car, a teen going to the car dealership is like a kid at the candy store. differant colers differant sizes differant styales. they make it so everyone who is anyone has a new shiny car. so what do we do if everyone has a new car if every one one the planet has a new car and is always driving, we have better get to bying gas masks. the air will be so poluted so toxic that it will be imposibul to breath. we are kiling ourselfs and we are ignoring that fact if we dont change then we are all done for.

at the end of the day if we as a speesies dont change we are never going too help this world survive. we need to open ou eyes to what we are doing and not to sound like the preacher, see the arre of our ways. if we dont do that futer generations will never make it, us as a speaseas will not survive. we need to stop fooling around and get serious we arnt kids anymore. me us we you need to change but hey no one ever read this anyway.                    