Every human being has been in the situation of needing or receiving help from someone.

Whether it's asking advice from your grandpa, mom or brother, as a human, none of us are perfect and we need to receive advice from someone.

Seeking advice from one person is great, but have you ever thought about why people ask more than one person for advice?

Asking for more than one persons advice is not only helpful, but it will give you a more depth and clear mindset.

People's advice matters and I can say it makes an impact on my personal life, everyone is different and it can help you form an opinion.

Asking for multiple inputs for the topic of advice, hits very close to home for me.

After I moved from the United Kingdom to United States of America.

I was sad and had the feeling of anxiety of talking to and meeting new people as I had made so many friends in the UK and no one in America wanted to talk to be or be my friend.

I felt like I wasn't meant to be in this world, but then my dad took me into our formal dining room and sat me down.

I talked to him about the whole situation and told him about my worries and asked him for advice.

He gave me advice on how to cope and to deal with situation.

I had suddenly felt a lot better.

I then started to be more open about my feelings and talked to multiple people like my school consular, mom, brother and even a classmate.

Now I have a lot of friends that I can rely and depend on because of the advice I took from multiple people.

Therefore, asking for advice from more than one person can change or have a huge impact on someones life.

Getting advice from multiple people is helpful in the decision making process for a better decision.

The more people that give advice, the better your decision will be.

When asking multiple people for advice or anything, the person is forming a better decision or result whereas asking advice from one person, the person is only listening to one opinion and it is not as good or reliable.

Listening to more than one person for advice will help the person form a plan that they could use for not only for one specific situation but multiple events.

If multiple inputs are given to you on a specific topic, you can use the skills and tactics that the person learned from the people who gave them advice to apply while making a decision of when and how to satisfy the problem.

Multiple people giving advice can help the person form an opinion on a topic.

For example, if the person is asking for advice on politics from an elder or several other people, by listening to them, the person can form a valid or personal opinion that he or she likes.

Therefore, getting advice from multiple people can help you make a decision a proper and valid decision.

Everyone is different and different advice can help you become a better human being.

When asking multiple people for advice, you have to keep in mind everyone is different.

For example, when asking your mom, dad, brother or grandpa for their advice on politics, they are all going to have different opinions and answers, and it's the job of the person to make and pick a decision that they personally agree with.

Multiple peoples opinion on something will help the person form a different perspective of a topic.

For example, several people giving the person advice on a topic of something like depression will help them find a different perspective of the topic like the bright side of it or that some people aren't as fortunate.

Everyone is different and people have multiple opinions on a topic or situation which can help them find more than one solution in the decision making process when asking for advice.

For example, if a person has an opinion on a topic, asking multiple people for advice can help them form new and different ideas that they can use to help formulate multiple opinions to help them use in finding a solution for a problem.

Therefore, everyone is different, and when asking for advice, multiple or different views will strengthen your thought and help you think diversely.

In conclusion, when facing a problem that you want to solve and get rid of, ask more than one person for advice on how to get rid of it.

It is important to ask for multiple peoples advice because everyone is different, it can help you form a final decision or opinion and I can relate and confirm through a personal experience on why asking for multiple peoples advice is important.

Advice is something we all need, whether we are down or happy, it helps us relate and find a solution for everything.

Therefore, multiple peoples opinions will help us make a better choice.                        