Popular vote is the way that the presidential voting should be because, of the fact that peoples votes arent actually making a difference in who is to become president of the untited staes of america. Electoral College is the way that  the gov't wants it to happend. Voters dont vote for the president no  ore that for for the people that vote for the president. The american voise is not being heard.

"The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens."(1)

"The Electoral College process consists of selectioms of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress."(2) The pluthora of just votes of the people dont really endure in the face that its not counted in for the vote of the President.

"At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusingonly on the tightraces in the 'swing' states."(13) when the candidate know they arent going to win they just step back and try other states if not they know they are going to lose the elections.

"It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favo of itare mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments against direct elections ae spurious at best. It's hard to say this, but Bob Dle was right: Abolish the electoral college!"(14) The depate between the electoral college and the popular vote is a hard war because, while also the people voice is what matters but while also the electoral college helps out america in the fact that some of the people aren't aware of the votes and who the vote for what so also they might pick a wrng person. While also the people of the unted states of america can be segregationist and some one completely wrong just because of the the candidates race.

In conclusion, the Electoral College isn't the best way to have prsidents elected into office. But it's in the heart of the American people that stand strong hat should vote for the Commander in Chief.        