I believe that yes we should keep the electoral college. To take it away would be wrong to me i have many reasons why and pay attention to find out why i believe we should keep the electoral college. I think it would probably be best if the ones who don't know what an electoral college is should really pay attention because i'm going to explain what it is to all of you reading this.

To start off why wouldn't you want to keep the electoral college to me that's a sign of are freedom. The ones who don't know what an electoral college is we will get there soon just stick around. I am arguing that yes we should keep it because its important. The electoral college is the right to selecting/voting for president and vice president and people like that. Now to began on with the reasons i think it is important is that's a sign of are freedom to me that gives us a right to vote for who we want running this economy. Not being able to vote for this kind of thing could be bad because when we vote for the people we want running this economy we are choosing wisely because we don't want this town or anything to come crashing to the ground because of some man or woman who really doesn't care about the people they just want their name to be heard.

Some may disagree with what I've had to say but they clearly didn't think about it to much. Also some people really don't care about who gets elected they just don't care nor do they wanna vote at all and most don't. When someone votes to me that's a good thing because we have went through all this freedom stuff and then were able to vote and no many people want to vote that's pretty ridiculous if u ask me that's a sign of freedom like I've said before and when we go through a lot just to get u this grant of freedom and people just throw it away that's a sign of disrespect. I know that me being young and not able to vote yet and probably not making any since at all is probably making who ever is reading this mad but i wasn't put here to be taken right back out at a young age i was put here to live a life that was chosen for me and when people who are to dumb to realize it don't vote or at least don't try makes me mad because their not seeing what there doing just going in there and putting what ever name down on a ballot is wrong but going in there knowing a little information and choosing the person you think would make a good leader is fine.

People wonder why are world is so messed up and they don't realize it but its messed up because we made it messed up we had the choice to make it better but we chose to make it worse see taking away the electoral college is taking away are rights to make are community a better place and no one sees it but the ones who actually care and who are with me on this. People could show me a million articles on why we should do away with it but i will still agree with keeping because we didn't come this far as a community to just throw it all away and let people who don't care take away are freedom and rights to helping the community out and choosing wisely about are world and trying to keep are community as clean as possible and as safe as possible.

Well you have just heard my argument on why i think we should keep the electoral college and not do away with it because some people just don't care. I know that who ever is reading this could think differently about what i had to say and they may be saying this fourteen year old has no idea what shes talking about and they may be right but i know that when my time comes to be able to vote i will be there and i will be choosing who i think will be the best and i will care.    