Students know their capabilities. During the summer some schools decide to make teacher give students summer projects, to help keep their mental capabilities up. While students may not like this whole process there has been discussion on whether or not they should be student or teacher designed.

Teacher may want to have them design them because they think students would make it extremely easy which is fair. Though I still believe that students should be the ones to design it. Some of the reasons being that they were already given tons by teachers, they need to be independent and also to make sure teachers don't worry they can make guidelines.

People have to know when to take a break. Students throughout the school year have been taught many things by teachers which we are very grateful for. Though with it we have been given hundreds of assignments and projects all made by different teachers. So instead of stressing during the long break they can finish the project at their own pace and even have fun with what they designed.

Making students do yet another teacher made project when it's supposed to be their break will not help the students out, it will mainly make them upset and think it's unfair. So to balance that out having them design their own project would make it more entertaining for them and less stressful so to speak.

Let them grow up. After each year of school is over they go onto the next, and during the summer they should be challenged with a self designed project to help them be more independent. With this they are able to get themselves mentally ready for the upcoming school year. Each year gets harder and being tasked with this will give them the experience of handling things alone and figuring out exactly how to manage it. Meaning that they will learn helpful skills about time management, responsibility, and independence. These also help them outside of school for certain situations like social events or job interviews when they need to be by themselves and they will know from this how to handle it accordingly.

Teachers are more experienced. With people that think that teachers are the best option for designing the project I do understand why. Students are young and may just want to take the easy route by not putting much effort into it. While teachers have experience making projects and understand just how hard each component will make it. So using a middle ground will help teachers let their kids be independent. By letting the teachers give students a guideline on what exactly the project should or should not have, will let them feel secure about them finishing it. The guideline would explain the things needed for it and how it should be graded, and letting students know how it will be graded will help immensely when design it.

It will also help the students to figure out ideas for their design instead of them just being completely out in the open. So making a guild line will make both the teacher and students feel more secure and confident in the project being designed and completed.

Schools have to understand students better. With summer based projects being designed by the students they are able to have some fun doing it while also learning skills that are needed for both in school and out. Doing so helps them learn how to be independent and makes it so teachers will let them as well. So I do think that summer projects should be made by the students, because it helps them to learn independence, know when to take a break, and then let teachers know that they can do it but a little help at the start doesn't hurt. 