In my opinion the attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing is a excellent idea for everybody. We have many benefit from to being able to attend classes from home for example, we have more time for sleep and have more energy for study, also the students has more dedication, the students has more concentration for study in home because, nobody distract to the student, the students have more time for make other things like work or others pastime

Many student don't like this idea because, they think the attend classes online is so difficult but I don't think so because we have help of all teachers. One reason very important is not mess around, because take the bus for me is lose time, maybe the classes online can start early and we have more information, more experience for the future, the thing more important is learned more, in my opinion the school is a little distraction for many students because they don't pay attention to classes, they go to other places when we need study more for the life.

Another reason is beacuse is about the video conferencing this idea is great because we learned to communicate or socialite with the people in the video conferencing, I think because, some students are silent and this option help you.

For many parents I thinks is a great idea because they have more control in home like they know when the student work in classes or not, maybe the parents wanna see the progress of the children. The idea is productive, is a new experience for the students and parents. Maybe

This option for the students classes from home by way of online is in my opinion a great news because for some people stay in home and practice and study is more comfortable. Classes online is not difficult for the students because in the computer we have modules and information and others things can help you, and is more easy in video conferencing because we have always somebody who can help, we can talk with a teacher or somebody, so is a good idea and new experience.

In my conclusion I support and for me is a good idea the option to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because is a new experience and i like it the idea and is more comfortable stay in home is more peace, more concentration, is more time for study and more important is learned more things, new thing for the future because the place is not important you can study in others places but the important is study more and more. Study is more important, the place is not important beacuse when the person want to be someone like a professional in the future they need study much.