Emotion is somthing that show life the feeling that we have . In this class Mr Huang is teach the student about "Making Mona Lisa smile " Mona Lisa is a person that have 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful and 2 percent angry. Some computer can recognize about the emotion. This lately sofeware is its Porof product. . Mr Huang is working for Prof so he bring the new sofeware for the student.

He let his student calculating like math about facial movements human used to express their feeling. This is the 3D computer's face 44 major mucles in this model . Mr Huang relies on the work of psychologists, such as Dr. Paul Eckman, creator of Facial Action Coding

System. He has six emotional like happiness, suprise, anger, disguist, fear,and sadness. "The facial expression for each emotion are universal " He said with the unsimiling face. "even though inviduals often show varing degees of expression". An start the new sofeware to show them how Mona Lisa smile . Dr. Huang used da Vinci sofeware to show the muscle on her smile. The Mona Lisa demonstration to bring smile in her face This computer can know is you happy or sad. If they play video game you fell happy so thee computer know that too. If they try their comuter at home maybe it can't because this is the special computer with new sofeware. In my opion show the emotion is very important bacuse it will show the tacher if you understand the lesson or not. If you show the teacher with the exicting face you show the teacher that you don't understandnd but you show he teacher a couple smile you can make sure that you understand the lesson. Use the technology to read student emotion that you can know the student if you don't understand the student or you are new teacher here. Some of student now they have a lot of trouble or sad story they try to hind . They try to be happy in froent of evryone. But at nigh or when they come back home hey will feel sad they cried all day all night. They will be a not social or can't focus on study so if we use that technology it will let the teacher know the feeling of each student. If they have any problem the teacher can help them figure out or help them overcome that feelunng and bring student the possituve feeling. Some of student is they feel very bored or very sad they will have some disease happen about the neron in their hed make them crazy and bring that sad whole life. But we are glad if the people always think everything in the possitive way and they feel happy and love this life but if they are happy a lot maybe the most of peple that they can not feel their heart or who they love. They will be the person don't have any feeloing that not good to. I mean here you should balance you emoji . And the teacher should have that technology to help student . The student look at the mirror and try to smile so they can see the changing of the smile. Because when to stand in front of the mirror an smile that show every part of that smile so you can see that. However,, simile is come from our emotion if we feel happy or comfortable your smile will come very natural. If you not happy it will show you the smile lip without happy eyebrow . The student feel very excited about this part. The feeling of each of person are very important . Nowaday, it's kind of hard to find that technology so i hope that the scientist can make one for the teacher. You should open and share your feeling to the other person so they can understand or they can undeersttand you well. If it's hard to share with friends or teacher you can shared with your parent . They have more year to face with a lot of problem more than you maybe thay will have some good solution that can help you fix the problem. Finally, the scientist should produce that machine for the teacher to undersand the student or they can share with the teacher or family beacause our feeling is very important , it will make people make good thing and focus more on work. The school should are more about their feeling or if they sad the teacher should open some acitivity or give them a word that make them feel better.