Most people think that the electoral college is not reasonable. I don't think they're wrong. The electoral college is very unfair. It is unfair because the people's votes might be overuled, the electoral college is biased, and they may not pay any attention to the people's opinions.

First of all, in some cases the popular vote might not be of any value. Besides, the popular vote doesn't matter in the decision for president it elects members for the electoral college. So if I wanted to vote for a republican president but the electoral college ends up voting for the democrat I would have wasted my time going to vote. Clearly, the electoral college's vote overrules the popular vote.

In addition to overruling the popular vote, the people on the electoral college are biased. If the people who are on the electoral college are biased then, they might not take people's votes into account to their electoral vote. I know no one would want their vote to be ignored so this is another reason why the electoral college should be abolished. If a democracy means the people decide who their leaders are, then why are there other people who might not represent the people chosing our president. Quite obviously, the electoral college is biased and might not care about the popular vote.

Furthermore, even if the people's votes go to the electoral college, the college might not even pay attention to the reasons people give to vote for someone. Most people don't really care that their votes go to deciding who is on the electoral college, but they are missing the point. The electoral college are made up of human beings and they will say no to ideas they don't like. I don't think that the fate of our country should be resting on the idea that if one person doesn't like someone they will reject the idea. Obviously, the electoral college might reject some ideas just because they don't like them.

To conclude, the electoral college cannot be trusted to decide the future of our great nation. This group of electors might be biased, their votes overrule the popular vote, and they might not be open to opinions. Consider these reasons for the electoral college not deciding the future of the United States. These people cannot be trusted to vote for our new president.    