Would students even care of doing online schooling? Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home by online schooling. Although, critics may say student go online to study what they learned, but they won't do online schooling. The reasons students would not benefit from online schooling or video conference is because students might do it for a miniumum of time, they could forget to do it, or students could also choose not to do the online schooling.

The first reason why students would not benefit from online schooling is because they might do it for only a miniumum of time. The students parents could tell them to do it and the student will only do it for little bit and cut it off. For example, a student parent could tell them do the online schooling and student could act like there doing it and then they can turn off there computer when their parents not there. Students could also fall asleep during the lesson that teacher is teaching. The teacher onine would not know if the student is asleep or not be there to learn to what the teacher has said.

Another reason why students won't benefit from online schooling is because students could forget to do the online schooling. Students might forget because the student could have alot of stuff to do and could forget about the online schooling. Students have been too busy on one thing and forget about it .The student could have played a game and not think about the video conference. For eample, a student might hang out with his friends and forget that he had to do the online schooling after he hanged out with his friends. Student could also forget iof they have drama in there house.

The last reason why students won't benefit from online schooling is students choosing not to do it. Students might not choose to do it because they probably don't feel like it or just don't have time for it. Student would rather go outside and play games than online schooling. Some students might be lazy and don't feel like doing anything or going anywhere. Student could have work they need to do and choose not to do the schooling. Some students may think that the online schooling is a waste of time and will not do it.

Graduates would not think about online schooling. Students would not benefit to be able to go to classes by online schooling. Critics do say some student go online to study, but they would not care about the online schooling. They would not benefit online schooling because students would do a little bit of time on it, they will forget about it, or they would choose not to do it. This why students won't benefit from it and schools should not try to do it.        