Summer assignments should be student-designed because students will understand the project better, they will actually want to do it, and it will be a more fun and creative way for the students to learn. These are the reasons why I believe summer assignments should be student-designed.

The first reason I believe summer assignments should be student-designed, is because students will understand it better. Since it was designed by the students, they will have a better understanding of what needs to be done for the assignment. If it was designed by a teacher, then the students may be confused about the assignment and will ask many questions. Students will also actually want to get it done. Since it was designed by the students, they will feel the need to get it done knowing its not just a burden put on them over the summer by the teacher, forcing them to work. Students will also not be able to use the excuse

"I did not know what to do." Students will know what to do because it was designed by the students in the first place. This is what leads me to believe that summer assignments should be student designed, because students will have a better understanding of the project since it was created by them.

Another reason summer assignments should be student-designed, is due to the fact that students will actually want to get it done. If the assignment is designed by the students, it will appeal to them and they would take interest in it. If it was designed by a teacher, students will feel as if they have no choice in the matter, and must do as the teacher asks, thus removing the students interest from the assignment. Students will not feel as if they are having their summer taken away from them by the teacher, forcing them to do assignments. Since it was designed by the students, they would understand each other and know how much work would be too much, and what topics would appeal to them. This is why summer assignments should be student designed, because the students will actually want to get it done knowing they aren't being forced to do a project by the teacher.

A third reason why I feel that summer assignments should be student designed, is because it will be a more fun and creative way for the students to learn. They will enjoy doing the project because it appeals to them. Since it was designed by the students, they will find joy in doing it because it was created by them in the first place and wont feel as if they are being forced to do it by the teacher. Students will also understand that its not just another project designed by the teacher. Instead, its a fun and creative way to let the students have some fun while learning. They will be enthusiastic about the project because they know its not just a huge workload put on them by the teacher to ruin their summer. Students will also be able to ask their friends for help if needed, instead of having to ask the teacher how to do everything. This is why I strongly believe that summer assignments should be student-designed, because it will be a more fun and creative way for the students to learn and it will be more appealing to them.

In conclusion, I strongly believe that summer assignments should be student-designed. This is true because students will understand the assignment better since it was created by them, students will also feel the need to get it done,and lastly, it will be a more fun and creative way for the students the learn. 