In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," by Nick D'Alto, describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions. There is a paragraph where it can detect students facial action, and the value of using this technology to read students' emotional experessions is something I can agree with.

In the passage, the article states that a classroom computer could recognize a stuudent becoming confused or bored (Dr. Huang). After that, it could modify the lesson similar to what an effective human instructor could do. My response is that a classroom computer that has FACS(Facial Action Coding System) can help the students lessons and making them understand easier. For example, if the FACS detects the student being confused while doing work on his laptop, the laptop can try to make the lesson more understanding in a level the student is in.

Advertisments can help students feel interested on what's on the ad. I'm a student and ads appear in my laptop. Most ads I'm not interested in and I intend to skip the ad. There are new ads appearing everyday on a students phone or on their laptop. The passage states that if you smile when a web ad appears, a similar ad might follow. If you frown, the next ad will be different. If a student is depressed and is watching a video, the FACS will detect his emotions. The FACS will insert an ad on his or her screen that can have a chance to make the students' depression lower down or be forgotten about it depending on the ad. If an ad pops up and the student is interested in it, he could focus on the ad and won't focus to much on depression.

There is an amount of students who play video games at home afterschool. Most are on their laptops or PC's instead of console. I believe that games can cause violence. Students can have fun with a game on their pc, but later on that emotion can change into something else. It could change into anger. The FACS can help that. If they read a student having a different attitude that's unecessary, it could make the laptop shutdown for the student to take time calming down. In the passage, the FACS could work for video games or video surgery. Another thing, the FACS can remind the student to do their work first before playing on their laptop, just like what the mother would to their child.

Finally, I believe the value of using this technology to read students' emotional expressions can help help them be more educated by helping on their lessons, emotions, and control. Computers need to understand that, too (Dr. Huang). 