Senator <blank>,

I would like to express my opininioun on keeping existance to the Electoral Collage.

The Electoral Collage Creates a dicided ground; as whell as, equal and justified representation.

Abolishment of the Electoral Collage would not give power to all states and, would highten potential for bias political leaders.

The presedental election enables citizen to vote for any idea and share a final one.  For instance: you and your 3 friends are deciding on a what they want for dinner you have more athority because you are driving. You have a conflicting mind; part of you wants mexican food, american, and the another an asian style quisine.  Your friends all have up their mind; 1 mexican, 2 asian, you still are un-decided.  If a  system similar to the Electoral Collage was established you could use majority to dicide on mexican food.  Without part of your mind (state delegations) all deciding on one thing you would either: try to comprimise by inconvieniocing your party to stopping at 2 restaurants or decide that you all would not eat. Many argue that without the Electoral Collage equal power would be given to the people and that "most people worry is the prosepct of a tie in the electoral vote"-source 2.  Even a equal representation or the "equal voting system" would create clear distinction having asian won. "Most states have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors"-source 1.

The Electoral Collage also prevents State from having more power than one another. In the example previous; you could dicide that since you were undicided or the party was undicided, you would not dine.  This could happen; however, the election should operate more on the the principals of the Electoral Collage to prevent this.  In example: "The popular vote was very close in Florida [in 2012]; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes. A victory by the same margin in Wyoming would net the winner only 3 electoral votes."-source 3.

In the event that only Texas, Florida and, California voted yes and the rest of the country voted no, The vote would be no.  Without Electoral Collage the country would been towards the choice of largely populated states not swing states that carry only 1 vote. "if an electoral tie seems unlikely,"- source 2.

The Electoral Collage keeps the contry functioning not on the popular majority of voters to prevent comprimise.  Having a decided union prevents seperation that tour our contry apart in the Civil War.  We should keep the Electoral Collage; because, the only real flaw in the system is uneducated voters.    