Different places from all over the world have different ways of choosing a leader . In the U.S we run a anachronism ,non-democratic method of selecting a president . When choosing a president  it is a competition between Democrats and republicans . I think it is best to keep the Electoral college because it wouldnt be fair to citizens , and its a thrill for the presidents to share there thoughts for upcoming events to change the world.

The U.S is supposably a free country , everyone has a right to vote , and freedom of speech ; if congress decides to not do electoral college , then it wouldnt be fair to citizens .Reason being is that , youd be hipocrytical , saying everyone has a right but you wouldnt let citizens pick who they would like to have run for president . People , would loose trust in the U.S if they didnt get a chance to atleast vote for president , everyone would be against U.S and most likely leave . Even if the people who voted for the future president theyd like didnt win they still will be satisfied enough , because they tried  .

When future presidents go up for election they become nervous , start to sweat , start to think twice about what they wanna say ,how are they gonna propose what to say , and to think are they really gonna keep their promise ?  They wanna share so much with us ; it becomes a thrill going up for competion . To know what to say , to bring people in , to share his/hers thoughts to change the world we live in . If congress were to change that , they wouldnt get a chance to share all there ideas with us , to get to know us as a family, to what we would like to help others . Without there annoying pep talks how do we know they dont wanna ruin the world ? Yeah its annoying but its worth standing there or watching it on telivision to hear , to feel the excitement of there ideas to help the low class , to help every class not evan the low class , its everyone to help everyone in the own ways .

The reasons for keeping the electoral college are that it really wouldnt be fair to citizens , and the thrill for upcoming presidents wouldnt be able to share there wonderful thoughts to change billions of lifes .Think of all the people that will be devistated of how the U.S changed the ways we vote . Having someone to run our country is very important , if we change our ways of electing , who knows what disaster will live in next ?                                      