Does the Electoral College work?

The Electoral college is a process in which it happens. The Electoral collge is not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the president. The Electors are people who vote for President and Vice President, and how many votes each one has gotten. The priotity in the Electoral College is that it consist of having 538 electors. 270 electoral votes is required to elect for the new President. It has to have the same amount of entitled alloment of electors to the same amount in its Congressional.

''Each candidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors''. But are state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilties are. We as Americans all get a new President every four years and its always held on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. When you are voting for your presidenrt you're voting for your candidate's electors. But most staes just have a ''winner-take-all'' system that awards all electors to the new winning president candidate.

Most people may not like who are next president is gonna be but all just have to deal with it because we all cant go back and pick who we wont to be president. It all depends on how many votes a person gets. Some may get only one vote and others will get millions of vote it all depends on if they think your good enough to rule your your county. It is very hard for you to make a decsion that big.

After the presidentail election, your governor prepares a ''Certificate of Ascertainment'' listing all of the candidates who ran for President in your state along with the names of their respective electors. Your state's Certificates of Ascertainments are sent to the Congress and the National Archives as part of the official records of the presidentail election.

the Indefensible Electoral college:Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

What have Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on? That would be Abolishing the electoral college! AL Gore-thanks to the quiks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but lost the presidency. More than 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election. The electorak college still has its defenders.

If you are under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. Sometimes stae conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidental canadidates themsleves. The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor.

What if state send two slates of electors to congress? It has happened before in Hawaii in 1960. Luckily vice president Richard Nixon, was there but he made sure to do so ''without establishing a precedent.'' The house's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of people.

In 1968, a shift of just 41,971 votes would have deadlocked the election; In 1976, a tie would have occurred if a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted the other way. The election is only just wright there. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen staes didnt see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad. It's finally done The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. Its har dto say but mr. Dole was right all along.    