Problaby it will be one advance more than big for the world, "driveless car" it is another invent by google and other people more, it will help more people for stay more fast were they want. It is one of the best ideas the I ear before but id everybdy thing what they wiil do wuith the other car the we have right now? It is a lot trash and in this world we don't have more space for that.

I don't think it is necesary for any one. the people nw just think it do more stof but the don't think what we will do with all the things what we don't need and maybe in this world we dont have pace jus for put all that.

Why this people no think about the people who need help? why they need all time new cars but what about the people who don't have house or food? it is a better ide than just a new cars, for what? more cars if we have a lot.

Now we have all forms for go contry by country but why the don't think in someting more special, more important like help other countrys. Not with just one little part I mean if we don't need something new why we use why we don't buy some clothes or seme shoes for wo need it?

It is more easy and better for allthe people in the world.

And what about the animals? why we have to eat all time animals? why everything is create by the animals now? The people know they hav fellings like us? Now the "human" is a animal, we kill everything what we see "everything.

We don't have a lot time in this world, God is coming for us and we need something for make this world better, wecan try to help persons, animals, trees, ans a lot more, we don't need more cars just because the people who wave money think is better foe they.

every body know if they will do those cars jus are for people with a lot mone and not for who really need cars. I know I don't talk about your "cars" like what you want but i don't think like you. I think if we have something and we can give that for someone who really need it we Have to do, it is better than use that for nothing immportant or special like people like you want.