PROPER_NAME 3433

SCHOOL_NAME

Dear state senator

Many people argue on weather or not of keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. U.S Citizens arguemented how the electoral college is unfair,outdated and irrational. On the other side of the arguement despite its lack of democratic,the electoral college has many reasons why we should keep it. the electoral college has all practical reasons,first thing first is it Certainty Of Outcome,second that Everyone's President,third the Swing States,fourth the Big States and Last Avoid Run-Off Elections. All of these reasons contribute into the Electoral College on why it should stay.

The certainty of outcome is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote,because almost all states award Electoral votes compared to popular votes. The swing states uses a method called winner-takes-all by awarding Electoral votes which induces the candidates. Voters in toss-up now that they will now recieve the most info and attention from the candidates so the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election.

The electoral college stores the weight in the big states in the political balance. The large states gets more of the attention from presidential candidates in a campaign then a small state does because of population.

In the electoral college they avoid the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. there is pressure for run-off elections when no canadidate wins a majority of the votes cast. the pressure will be reduced by the electoral college which in variably produces a clear winner.

Many people argue that electoral college method of selectingthe president may lose potential voters knowing there vote will have no effect. voters in presidential rather than people who want express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. Now that I told you my reasoning I hope you will understand why we should keep Electoral College from going away.

from PROPER_NAME