Dear Principal,

The teenage girl works on her homework while listening to music, she's singing along to the lyrics. She's an average girl with friends and an average grade. She like sports, she plays for the school lacrosse team and also the soccer team. She's happy with friends. Right now her grade is an A. Sometimes when she starts sports her grade will go down to a B or a

C but that's alright because there's always that guarantee that she's on the team, the team's best player. Where would the team be without her? They would definitely lose the majority of their games. Students should not have to have at least a grade B average to participate in sports because some of the teams would lose, they would be unhappy, and she would feel less included.

The team that is un-defeated always looks best for the school. The school who is invincible in this sport. If we have a policy that says that students with a grade B average would be blocked form playing a school sport, then many of our teams would lose. Some of our best players concentrate mainly on their sport so their grade might drop to a B or C average, but you can't blame them, they just want their team to win. Usually though, I think that many of our athletes have a fairly good grade for their average. It is only when we get to their special sport season that grades start to go down. The team should not have to suffer because of one team member accidentally having a bad score for their grade. They should be able to support each other and help each other get good grades, teamwork always works.

In a happy school, many people are more likely to get good grades. Studies show that when a student is in a happier or more welcoming environment tend to do better on tests, quizzes, and homework than children who are in an unhappy environment studying. If we take the student who is good at their sport and make them quit the team just because they have a bad grade, then we would be making a bad environment for the people who want the team to win and succeed, and that would affect how they learned and studied. This would not be good for the schools' public image because every school wants to look good. If we start to make our school look very bad just because a sports team lost which they thought would win but didn't, that might make many of our students feel bad and a bit disappointed. Students should be able to work in a healthy environment where they don't have bad sports teams to be ashamed of, but good ones to be proud of.

That one student who was kicked out of the team because she didn't have the grade B average to play on the sports team is now not accepted by any of her usual friends. She is sad and may become depressed. She used to have so many friends and now she has barely any. They all want to be friends with that new girl, who can maintain the right grade average and can play on the school sports team. Now the old girl feels lonely, no one should ever have to feel lonely because of a grade that kicked them off of the team. That is not the right kind. In a school teachers and principals should aim to have all of their students happy and fulfilled, mostly. You can never have all of the all the way happy, but you want all of your students at least not feeling left out and not feeling excluded form some things that they would rather do. That is not the kind of feeling you want anyone in school to feel.

Remember that girl in the beginning of the letter, right now because of the new policy she is feeling extremely lonely, but only because of the new policy. She wants friends but doesn't know how to have them accept her because they used to be just fine fitting in. But since she got kicked out, people have been looking at her in disdain and not at all happy with her. They wanted her to win for them but, she couldn't maintain the right average so now people are blaming her. But it really isn't her fault. She was just trying to do her best so her team would win and she also tried really hard at grades, but she just couldn't make it. You could make it better for her, you could make her happier with more friends. Don't have the policy there to block her. Don't put a bar on so many students who would put all out to do well on their team, they just want to participate and be help their schools' reputation and public image.