The Electorial Collage is the establishment of letting congress vote on whom the president should be with the addition of who the individuals of America elected. Though the Electorial College is not fair for individuals because, who they have elected are not really being accounted because congress takes vote determining who the next president would be. The change from the Electorial College would be more favorable by the citzens in Florida even in the country because it gives more of a comfort knowing that the election is a 50/50.

In the state of Florida there are many retiries and elders who have moved from all over the country to join our warm weather, many of them have a lot of political views on the leader of our country so it would be best if they had the chioce and knowledge of knowing that their votes would be accounted for, they would not having to worry if it would be fair or not. Though there are also some retiries that do not care at all about any of this mumbo jumbo and would rather just relax in the sun. Though if there wasn't election based on popularity then the elders would not have the benefits they would like such as more retirement funds, or better health care benefits.

Election by popularity should especially be approved in all states because each states should have the abitlity to vote for who they want instead of living in hope for who they they want to win. Also the small states may be outruled by the votes from larger states such as California, Florida and Texas. The "winner take all" system isn't really a reliable way to determine the leader of our nation.

Back in 2000 there was a disaster factor which involved the Electorial College and it is known to be one of the biggest election crisis of the century which shot hate to the democratic electors because John F. Kennedy was opposed by the electors but he still won by popular vote. The Electoril;a Collge is very confusing because the time being wasted to elect a president is rather lost waiting in line to just check down a name on a piece of paper.

Many states have yet to make it on the list of votes so it is very unfair and outdated to be using in the time that we live in. It can be arugued on if the Electorial College should stay or go. It's more favorable if it was abolished.                    