The Lively Impacts from a Dead Engine

Personal automobiles and cars have played a major role throughout the world since the invention of the car in World War 2. Cars have been a very successful invention and many people drive their own every day on their way to work, school or other places their feet cannot carry them. Though the car has fulfilled its duties in making the lives of humans easier, it has also contributed to many negative events. For example, car emissions get trapped in the atmosphere and cause living things to breathe in dirty air around them. Therefore, a revolutionary idea has been spreading around the world: using personal automobiles less. The new aspect of using cars less has promoted a happier society, a cleaner environment, and an open attitude towards alternative transportation.

First of all, by establishing an agreement to decrease car use, people have been said to be happier and stress-free. The continuing congestion and traffic jams that are among most areas of the world, create an enormous amount of stress for the people driving. Many develop road rage or irritability and are unhappy after suffering from a long ride home because of traffic. Some believe that cities should become more like Vauban, a community in Germany in which the citizens have given up their cars, because those who live there are not focused on driving and are pleased living in such a manner. Heidrun Walter, a mother who lives in Vauban, portrays her love for this car-free community when she states, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" (Rosenthal). By living in an area with little or no use of cars, the society becomes more cheerful and has less stress to cope with. In addition, with no cars people are forced to spend more of their time outside to get from one place to another. In Bogota, Colombia there is an annual car-free day, in which anyone who does use their car has to pay a fine. Many spend their day outside walking or riding their bikes to get around and believe that the car-free day is "a good opportunity to take away stress..." (Selsky). As they exercise more without cars and enjoy the great outdoors, they wear bright smiles on their faces and look at things with a positive attitude.

With a smaller amount of people using their personal vehicles, less gas emissions are becoming a part of the Earth's atmosphere. Humans breathe in the gases that are polluting the air and can become sick from it. The environment suffers from the dirty air and may not be able to sustain life if there is not a stop to the large amounts of pollutants being emitted into the air. In the United States, passenger cars are the cause of "up to 50 percent" of greenhouse gas emissions while in Europe they are "responsible for 12 percent" (Rosenthal). This means that the car use in the United States is ruining the air around us and assists greatly in creating a disgusting environment. In popular and global cities, pollution is even more noticeable and overwhelming. For example, in Paris smog has become an everlasting issue. The climate in the area contributes to the smog filling the air along with the use of cars: "Cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions" (Chicago Tribune). To reduce the smog in the area, an elaborate plan was taken into action. Cars with even license plates could not drive on certain days and cars with odd license plates could not drive on the other days. By doing this, the air in Paris cleared up dramtically. Therefore by promoting a system where car usage is not as common, the environment can become healthier and cleaner, which benefits the citizens of the Earth.

Last, declining the use of cars creates an open attitude towards alternative transportation methods. Those who live in car-free communities discover new ways to reach the destinations they have reach throughout the day. Some will utilize their body and take advantage of nature by biking or walking from one place or another. Others might us public transportation or will car-pool with those who do own a car. As previously mentioned before, Colombia participates in a car free day, which means "Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses" to get where they needed to be (Selsky). Their use of other means of transportation on the day without cars, exemplifies that it is possible to live using other ways to get around. Some people are against the idea of using other transportation, but if they were to see the impact the alternatives have, they would be more accepting. These days many young people tend to get their license later by waiting until they reach their twenties, suggesting that they can live a happy life without relying on a personal automobile. Instead of using their own cars, they find other ways to get to work or school. These people become acclimated to organizing their lives "around where they can walk or take public transportation or car-pool with friends" (Rosenthal). Younger people who commit their lives to walking or public transportation, become aware of the fact that driving a machine that can negatively affect the world is not a necessity. Their awareness then can continue passing on to each generation and can ultimately prevent the excessive use of cars throughout the world.

In conclusion, a life without cars might be a life worth living since it contributes to a stress-free society, a healthy environment, and an acceptance of other means of transportation. By relying less on cars, people can eliminate the variety of negative impacts on the world. The Earth can become a happier, cleaner, and more accepting place with a dead engine.    