Cell phone use should not be legal while driving, it causes many accidents even fatalities. Drivers become careless while driving when using cell phones. Cell phones cause distractions while on the road. Drivers do not pay attention to the road, which causes accidents to happen. The most prevalent distractions are texting and talking on a cell phone while driving. Cell Phone use should not be legal while driving because it will help prevent more accidents and also prevent more deaths. People become distracted while driving when they use cell phones.

Drivers are too busy talking on cell phones to pay attention to the road. Even the act of just dialing a cell phone can be dangerous. This increases the crash risk by 3 times. This is one of the worst distractions drivers can have, Due to the fact that you are not paying attention to the road. The driver's hands are not on the steering wheel which causes you to lose control of your car. This increases the accident risk highly. This is only one reason why cell phone use while driving should be illegal.

The next reason cell phone use should be illegal while driving is due to texting. This causes the same problems as just dialing a cell phone. Drivers are too busy focused on their screen to pay attention to the road. They are also too busy thinking about their responses and what to say to pay attention to other drivers on the road. Since it usually takes two hands to text, the drivers have no hands on the steering wheel. This distraction causes the most fatalities. This is according to a sign over I-355, which states, "857 traffic accidents caused last year due to texting. This is just another reason cell phone use while driving should be illegal. Drivers however, underestimate their risks of getting into an accident while using their cell phone on the road. Companies also have this break with reality. They promote things like hand free devices, even though those have been shown not to eliminate the risk of getting into an accident. "Device makers and auto companies acknowledge the risks of multitasking behind the wheel, but they aggressively develop and market gadgets that cause distractions.

They acknowledge these things happen but they still market things that will cause distractions and increase accident risk. Cell Phone use should be illegal while driving. The worst are texting and talking on the cellphone while driving. Both inhibit driver awareness and increase the risk of getting into an accident. Hands free devices do not eliminate the risk of getting into an accident; it's a horribly common misconception. Cell phone distractions on the road cause accidents. If Illinois outlawed cell phone use, more people's lives would be saved.   