I think that people should participate in the 'Seagoing Cowboys', because you will learn things, know things, and see things that are new to you. You would also be very amuzed by half of the things you see, such as long ago history buildings, and even musumes. This event that you will take, will open the world up to you. It will show you how other people do things, and how they get treated.

If I had the chance to be a 'Seagoing Cowboy' I would take the chance, because there is so many opportunities that you will take such as lifetime events. You would see things and stuff that you probally have never seen before, I would love to see Europe an Africa. Like Luke went to a castle that was most likely beautiful and amazing. It would also be a good family trip or good friends trip, if you went with one of them.

Many people are instrested in history so it would be a good trip full of amuzed things. You also could probally visit the history building, were special events took place. People would even ask you to try or do something and that would also be a lifetime event that you always wanted to do. Most people don't like doing this stuff because it 'takes to long to get there' or something, but like i keep saying, it's a lifetime event that you would want to take because maybe you will never be able to do it again, but you can atleast tell people you have been there. While you are there enjoying them places, take pictures so you will always remember that moment, they say if you take a picture it will last longer.

In this story that i just wrote, it tells you good reasons to take the chance of becoming a 'Seagoing Cowboy' .The fact that it would be so amazing and cool, and it once a again, a lifetime event. I would like you to think about what you would see and adventure while you are going adventuring to these amazing places, or maybe you don't want too, I would still like for you to think about that. So, for now on I want you to think about what i told you, and think about becoming one.                     