The author suortts both ideas it the text he thinks that its smart that people whant to go visit Venus but at the same time he thinks that its very dangers to go too venus. Venus is like earths twin venus haves that same shape, and they even think that venus youse to look like earth. Venus just have diferint was of being its salf like the acid rain, hot temperatures, and even its crazy weathers. I still think that trying to learn about differient plants is not right becuses us as people doint even know adout are oun plant. I still think that we have a lots of time till earth becomes like Veunus.

In the text the author is trying to tail us that " Venus is the closest planet to Earth is terms of density and size,and occasionally the closest in destance too. Earth, Venus, and Mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds." Are people in NASA havent even found a way to land in Venu. From the text

"Each preious mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship had touched down on Veunus in more than three decades." Even for a perion to be there is too dangrues the planet's surface temperatures average over 800 degrees Fehrenheit. I even think that that we could not live there in Venus cuse of the climates. From the text shown that "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly surface acid in Venus's atmosphere."

Venus's is plant is formed just like earth But just with too much on it. strate from the" Beyon high pressure and heat, Venusian geologgy and weather present additional impedimments like eruoting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to prodes seking to land on its surface." Some scientist think that venus has youse to look eart and that it youse to support various forms of life,just like earth. From the text" The planie has a surface of rocky sediment familiar such as valleys, mountains, and craters." Thats how the scientist think that venus is just like earth.

If im still living when there finaly find a way to arive safly to venus I would love to go. NACA is working on a way to to git to venus and to land on that plant safly.      