Many students dislike completing summer projects during their vacation time. After working hard in school, they look forward to relaxing and giving their brain a rest. It is vital that we do not mentally burnout, however, it is also important that we keep our brain somewhat active during summer break. This is why students are often given summer work. There are many different types of summer projects. Some projects are more traditional, being solely focused on reading and writing. On the contrary, some assignments are hands on, designed to test students' creativity. Although some people may think that students would create less overwhelming assignments, teachers should ultimately design summer work to ensure that students are truly challenging themselves, not wasting their vacation time, and well prepared for class when school starts.

Some people believe that summer projects should be student-designed so that students are not overly stressed during their vacation time. While this opinion is relevant, it is not a valid point because students will end up making their work too easy. Summer projects should be teacher-designed so that students are being properly challenged. If tasks are too easy, then students will be damaging their success in the long run. Their work should be difficult and involve a deep level of thinking. Challenging work is more beneficial to students because throughout life they will face many complex problems. They need to develop problem-solving skills early so that they know how to persevere during tough times. A good example of ambitious perseverance can be seen in scientific experiments. One leading historical scientist was Albert Einstein. In order to discovery electricity, he needed to perform a great number of trials. At times he felt stressed, as if he would never reach his goal. However, eventually the lightning produced electricity, and he had introduced a concept that would impact everyday life forever. This portrays the significance of challenging yourself, being that challenges stimulate a stronger drive to succeed. It is often frustrating when students encounter difficult work from their teachers, but developing these problem-solving skills will immensely improve their future well-being.

Not only is it vital that students are being challenged, but they also should not be wasting their precious time on meaningless work. One of the most valuable resources that people obtain is time. This is why students should not be aimlessly spending time on student-designed summer projects. Psychologist Erik Erickson developed the eight significant psycho social stages that outline the common conflicts experienced throughout a lifetime. In his seventh stage, known as "integrity vs. despair," he describes the adulthood stage when people look back on their life. Many adults in this stage scroll through their overall progress and accomplishments. They decide if they spent their time wisely and lived a fulfilling life. If they look back at life and conclude that it was spent efficiently, they experience a sense of integrity. On the other hand, if they feel as if they did not make the most of their time on earth, they develop a terrible feeling of despair. It is important that students, being at such a young age, recognize the value of time. Although everyone remembers the saying "life is short," many people forget to practice what they preach. If students are given teacher-designed projects, this will ensure that they efficiently spend their time during summer break.

As well as not taking advantage of their time, students need to be fully prepared for their classes. If teachers design summer projects for their future students, then these kids will be ready for the work that is given when school starts. In other words, the work assigned will be less surprising because students have already completed projects from their teachers. In the novel, "I Am Malala," Malala's father prepares her to be a successful public speaker. At first Malala was not very good at speaking in front of a big audience, but he worked with her everyday to build her knowledge and improve her skills. Eventually, she became one of the most influential activists ever to exist. She is able to address important topics, such as women's rights, in ways that she never could before. Through proper preparation, her weak public speaking turned into her greatest strength. This proves that goals are met when students can connect with their mentors. Students must be given the chance to build a relationship with their teachers. If summer projects are teacher-designed, this will allow students to email their teachers with questions about the assignments. This will not only generate a strong relationship, but it will also prepare students for the style of teaching they will soon face at school.

Summer projects should be teacher-designed in order to set up students for success in the long run. Everyone deserves a chance to succeed, and student-designed projects can harm this potential success. Even though some people think that students would create less stressful work, teachers should design summer projects to ensure that they are difficult enough, genuinely worth spending time on, and quality preparation for kids to thrive in class. It is important to be independent and take initiative, but it is more important to live a fulfilling life.