The Face on Mars was found 25 years ago by the spacecraft Viking 1 while it was snapping photos of possible landing site for ship Viking 2. While snapping its photos it spotted a shadowy likeness of a human face,some people believe its a natural landform others believe it was made by aliens. Accoding to the text its a natural landfrom because the rule of thumb, the Martian is equvialent of a butte or mesa, and some skeptics say markings were hidden by a haze or it could have been because of the weather.

According to Garvin, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size." also, "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on thr ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were."! In the picture of The Face on Mars if there was anything that could be making this landfrom you would be able to see it.

In paragraph 12 it explains that the Martian is equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms wich are common around the American West. If aliens were to make The Face on Mars they wouldn't know the sizes of natural landforms. Also,even though The Face on Mars, is on Mars it deosnt mean that natural Earth things can't happen there either. Garvin also states, "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River PLain of Idaho,".

According to paragraph 8 and 7 not everyone was satisifed with the pictures that the MOC team snapped that were 10 times sharper than the original Vikings photo. When all of the web sufers were waiting for the first image of The Face on Mars it was revealed to be a natural landform with no alien monument after all. Some skeptics also say that the alien markigs were hidden by haze. On April of 1998 when the skeptics say their ideas it was cloudy at that time and on Mars it was winter.

Finally The Face on Mars is a natural landscape. Even though most people may argue over what it really is or who made it, there is enough information to prove that it is a natural landform. According to Garvin, people need to use the rule of thumb, and he believes that its the size of a natural landfrom, and some people say it was covered by an alien haze or it just could have been because of the cloudy weather.        