Driving a new car right out of the dealer ship, can be quite facinating, but global warming and pollution doesn't sound as quite facinating. People tend to listen and follow instructions as to not using cars, but they'll get over it in a couple of days and continue driving cars after a while. The reason I say this is because this is how I am, I tend to listen now, and five minutes later, its as if no one has ever told me anything. So Im guessing that lots of people around here are the same way. But this is no time to be doing what you want, its about saving earth and everyone in it, and trying to avoid cars.

Driving without a car can be a quite tireing, but a paying a 22-euro fine, which is 31 dollars in america, doesn't sound quite convinient. This what the city of Paris did to all owners of a cars who were told to leave there cars at home and refused to do so. Apperently, around 4,000 drivers were fined, and around twenty-seven cars were impounded to the people that had attitudes or strong reaction to there fine. Now in my opinion, do you seriously want to get risked and get your car taken away or pay a fine? Most likely no right? If you were told to leave your car at home for everyones own good, just leave it, save 31 dollars in yoiur pocket, maybe even buy a chicken or something right? The cause of all this comotion in Paris was because of an intensifying smog bieng built that also ran across Beijing, China, which is also known as a well polluted city in the world. Smog can be a quite dangerous to us all, and some countries are trying to help the enviorment, a place like Bogota, Culombia. What they have done was ban cars for a day to try and to lower air pollution. They as well gave out 25 dollar fines to all the violaters that did not participate with program built. Now, are you seeing my point? Can you see were my point is going? Trying to litmit car usage is what im trying to say. If only we could all be like Mr. Sivaks son, who takes Bay Area Transit when he can, im pretty sure that this whole pullution and global warming, wont be as quite frustrating to think about, or worring as to what will happen next to all the pollution.

My conclusion to all this for all of us to take a stand and try to limit car usage in all over the world atleast for a day, or be something like the city of Vauban, Germany, in which they have banned cars in a big part of the city, known as "smart planning". As I said in the begining, cars can be a fun thing to be riding around in, but they are on of the main reasons why pollution and smog is being created and becomeing a threat to all of our sociebty of today of all over the world. So yes, this my opinion, which should aslo be yours, we all should have a serious limiting in cars before everything get out of hands and its to late. If you can ride a bike, then ride a bike. if you can go walking to your job, school, home, or anywhere, go walking. Try to avoid car usage when its really not needed, and quit being lazy and start walking.                                    