A question has plagued many parents and students alike: "Is it better to take classes from home, or to take classes directly at school?" Many schools offer a program in which students can take classes via online courses, or video conference at the comfort of their own home. While the idea is good, the execution of it can show a negative outcome. Students will show better academic growth in a physical class, because school gives them proper socialization, guarantees that every subject is learned in the right way, and is almost always more affordable.

A big reason that a student should not take at-home courses is because they won't be properly socialized. People, in general, need other people in their lives. Friends can help people find who they truly are on the inside. The easiest way to make friends as a kid is going to a public school. Not only does school help kids get friends, but it also teaches them how to interact with people in the real world. When a student is put through an online course at home, the easiness to make friends and interact with people goes away. In fact, home schooled kids have shown a lack of social skills, and are generally more shy than those who go to public school. Many have even developed psychological disorders such as depression, anxiety, and even a slightly warped perception of reality. Students would be much better off going to a public school and learning from there.

Another reason as to why students shouldn't take at-home courses is because it doesn't guarantee that subjects are learned properly. If a student is taking a course at home, they aren't being taught by a teacher. Most of the time they are being taught by a computer, video, or their parents. This does not guarantee that a student will do well in the learning process. It's been shown that a majority of students who take online courses or are home schooled tend to score lower on cognition tests than those who go to public school. A licensed professional who has studied for years to teach a certain subject is a lot more trustworthy than a parent who is uneducated in the core classes.

The biggest reason why students shouldn't take at-home courses is because it's more affordable to go to public school. If a student wishes to be home schooled, participate in at-home courses, or attend an online school, they will need to pay for the following: textbooks, the tuition to the online course, a computer, a calculator, certain teaching software, and possibly more. If a student wishes to go to public school, they will need to pay for: supplies. It's definitely more affordable to attend a public school rather than participate in at-home schooling. Many low income families can't afford it, and even some high income families aren't interested in wasting so much money when they can just put their kid through free public education. Putting a student through public school makes it easy and affordable for everyone.

A big counterargument against public schooling is that the mix of different learning styles could create a confusing learning environment. While this could be true, it can be easily fixed by talking with the teachers and creating a learning strategy that benefits everyone.

At-home schooling is not beneficial for students, because they wont receive proper socialization, proper education, and it's generally less affordable. As controversial as this issue is, it's important to note that public schooling is the best option for everyone. Many leaders in the public school system work hard to make sure that a good learning environment is put in place for the youth of the county. A majority of a students best memories take place in public school. Parents need to make sure that their kids are receiving proper education in the right place: public school.