*BAM* A loud sound cracks across the intersection as if a bomb just went off but in reality, it was the sound of a SUV running into the back of a man on a scooter because the driver of the SUV was on their cellphone.

Before you decide to pick up a cellphone while you're operating a motor vehicle know the risks you're taking. Everyone in the car and in other vehicles are prone of getting hurt when a mind-altering device steers you away from the concentration you should have while driving. So many lives are taken or altered because of the simple decision to send or reply to one text message. If precautions are heavily enforced before adults and teens especially enter the car, then maybe this epidemic can become obsolete. Fines are enforced but how well is the question? Phones are the biggest distraction when you enter a car by far so this doesn't completely forget about alcohol or trying to change the radio station but technology has become so advanced that we have voice text and on a star. If the message is that important phones should become voice-activated and only respond to your voice so we can still pay attention to the road and send out a text without removing our hands from the wheel. Technology has also clutched us with Bluetooth if you need to stay in communication just use Bluetooth and make a phone call instead which is completely easier than sending a text anyway because its faster and you can get responses much quicker than you could with a text message. Reality is one text or call could wreck it all.

Ever since the emergence of cell phones, this generation has become heavily dependent on it for every minute of every day. Cell phones and texting were created ultimately to provide communication but it has now become so much more than that. The U.S. Government should ban texting while driving in all fifty states NO QUESTIONS ASKED! Visual distractions are a nuisance A visual distraction is anything that takes your eyes off the road. While driving we are constantly being side tracked by signs and advertisements we see all over the place from the newest restaurants opening, to the $100 billion Powerball billboards on the highway, the last thing you need to be doing is trying to reply to a text while paying attention to all of these catchy signs. And lastly, manual distractions which are any distractors causing you to take your hands off the wheel such as reaching for your phone to send that quick text.

PROPER_NAME 