What if your principal said that everyone would have to stay after school for and extra hour only to participate in a useless activity? How would you feel if someone where to interfere with your schedule? The school says that we must participate in an extracurricular activity. You might be wondering why the school would want us to participate in a club. The whole reason is because they think that it would shape our future, give us a learning experience, and make us want to learn something new. Although this is true, there are more downsides to this rule than you think. It is completely unfair to force students to partake in an activity.

One of the disadvantages in a required school activity is that people might not have enough time to do things they normally do. If we take an extra course, there might not be enough time to finish all our homework. When I get home, I have a substantial amount of homework to do, and I have to practice the sports I play. My schedule is already full. homework takes me the longest to do. I work on my homework thoroughly. I try to make sure there isn't any mistakes. When I do this, I'm more likely to pass the test because of how much thought and time I have put into my work. I describe this as my work ethic. My homework takes me about two to four hours at most and it takes up most of my schedule. The sports that I play take two hours. With a total of seven hours at most, I can never seem to fit anything else in my schedule. This might be surprising for other people but this is the daily schedule for average students and most students might have more to do. If we even tried to do an extra activity than we wouldn't be able to finish all of our work efficiently and properly. Adding another thing to do every day would throw off our work ethic and our grades would most likely go down. Time has such a drastic effect on us students because it can be hard to manage. Our parents, for example, suffer from time management along with us. If we all do an extra activity, then that means that school is extended another few minutes. This is hard for our parents who pick us up after school. They have to find another time to pick us up which can be stressful since their schedule is as cramp as ours. We are not able to participate in an extra curriculum because of the amount of time that we don't have, and even if we were able to, there might not be any other options.

Although time is no problem for some people, we students have to choose which activity we would like to do. Maybe you don't like any of the clubs or classes that are provided. Then they would have to choose a club that they do not enjoy, and would most likely not gain anything from their experience. Students will not gain any experience from the activities because it seems boring to them and they do not pay attention. I don't take any clubs because of the lack of time. There are some days however that I feel that I have no homework and I can do whatever I want to do. I try to join a club and there is nothing that interest me. I don't play any of the insanely popular sports, neither am I good at chess or other things. There is one club that I am interested in doing but they are only open on the days that I'm busy. I can join other clubs that my friends are in, but I will feel awkward because I don't know anything about certain topics. If the school makes it required to do an extra school activity, then some of us will not feel like going to our certain club. Because the clubs might be uninteresting for some students, they will not want to attend, and students will lose interest, and teachers will eventually get tired from teaching unfocused students.

Feeling tired after a long day of working is very common. We get tired because of all the stress and thinking we had to do all day. After a normal school day is over, kids are really tired and are exited to go home. We go to sleep late at night, and wake up relatively early, making it hard for us to get up, which makes us more tired than the average person. Making clubs required means that school will be extended. It is not reasonable to force the students to stay an additional few minutes to do more work. Even if the we are not tired from a school day, we still have loads of work to do after school. The same goes for the teachers. They don't want to teach kids for any longer. If the teachers have a bad day than it's even worse because they want to be alone. After their final teaching session is over, they have to do more work like grading test, projects, or homework. When school is over, I'm extremely exited to go home. I'm am sure that everyone else feels the same. If I had to stay in school for any longer, I wouldn't feel good when I come home. When I get home from the extra activity that I'm doing, I'll feel so drained and I won't be able to practice tennis, or focus on studying for a test. My English teacher, Generic_Name, says she is very tired from teaching all day. She thinks that there is no point in making kids more tired because they probably can't do their work correctly at home. With the tired students and teachers, there is no point in required extracurricular activities.

There is more to just being tired, time management, and interest. We are not going to gain anything from the classes and we will certainly not approve of it. Making after school clubs required creates more problems, Not just for the students and teachers, but for the whole school. Think about what you would gain from the extra school classes, and how easy it is to get that experience by a different, easier method. Our schedule is so cramped we can't add anything else. Some of us might not have like any classes that are provided. Almost all of us would be tired from all the new things we have to do. Think about how tired you would be, and how much time you really have, because extracurricular activities should not be required.