I think that you should seek other peoples opinion on something because, it gives more viewpoints, critisim constructive or not and it could stop from making a rash mistake that could cost your life. Its also not a weakness to ask for help even presidents and powerful world leaders have to get and gie opinoins on how good someone would be at a job or too even run a country. Generals need opinions on what attack method they are going to use.

One of the reason you need to seek opinions on advice is because it gives you more viewpoints on the matter. If its about what you want to wear today and you ask someone they have given you their viewpoint and their constructive critisim about it. If you are asking people to give you advice about what type of people you should be around with then your getting more viewpoints on the matter. It could even be a viewpoint that saves you from a deathly mistake like if you were thinking about joining the army and you friend says, "I dont think your ready for the army maybe somethig that could help but less physical like the airforce". Then you sign up for the air force and in two weeks you hear on a sad gloomy day that the whole troop you were about to join was sent to the dark jungles of vietnam and now was all killed in action. That tiny viewpoint and good advice just saved your life.

The next advice on asking for opinions on your advice is critisism. The reason critisism is good is becuase it tells you (in a kind or not so kind) way of what you need to do better at. Like if you were going to try out for a safety for football and you havent played safety and you've been a wide reciever your whole life your going to get people that will tell you to stick to what you are good at. That is helpful in some senarios but the true help critisism is constructive critisism. The reason construcetive critisism is so helpful is the person wont say stick to what you are good at they will say, "Here lets go to the field and do some drills and then hit the gym to build muscle and then a 1 mile run to finish it off". That is not only advice about thinking your ready or not thats also showing that they care about you and some of the best opinions and the best advice comes from constructive critisism .

Here is the final advantage of asking for opinions on you advice is it could save your life. This point is going back to the military part of this essay. Say I want to jump out of airplane and skydive down. Then say you've been my friend for almost 5 years ever since junior year and your like, "Hey man I don't think we should do that I've never known you to be a risk taker like that". Then we could find out that those parachuets were jammed and we would have plummed to our deaths. That is why this advice isn't just for clothes this is about a possible life or death situation. That is why I think you should ask for peoples advice or opinions on something because it could just be for popularity and fashion or it could even be so helpful to save you from a life or death situation.