Dear Senator,

The Electoral College is filled with electors that people from different states voted for. They are the people who vote and elect the president and vice president. Their votes are more imprtant than everyone elses because they are higher people than everyone else. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. They need 270 electoral votes on a president before the elect one. Every candidate the is running for president had their own group of electors, so of course they gonna vote for them and thats not fair.

I think that each candidate shouldnt have their own electors because it wouldnt be fair if one candidate had 20 electors and another candidate has like 10. Bascially the candidate with the most electors has a better chance of winning the election. Each state has a group of electors that vote for their state and thats not right. It shouldnt be up to the electors to vote for their state, everyone should just be able to vote for who they want to be president and see what happens from there. Not everything is up to the electors.

We shouldnt keep the Electoral College because its not fair that their votes matter more than the communitys. Everyone in the world is able to vote for who they want for president. Then finally when a president is elected most people are angry because the Electoral College picked who they wanted and didnt pay much attention to the communitys vote. Instead of the Electoral College voteing and choosing the president it should be up to the community. After everyone has voted, we should just add up who got the most votes and whoever did should be elected as president. It shouldnt be up to the Electoral College. Just because they are higher then everyone else, they shouldnt just be able to choose who they want for president.

Also not everyone is able to vote, and thats not fair. The Electoral College adds there votes to everyone elses and then elects the president they want. But what about the people who didnt vote? Everyone should have a chance to vote. It wouldnt be fair that the Electoral College elected a president when theres people out there who didnt even have the chance to vote. In source 2 paragraph 14 , it says,

"its offical: the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational"

. That is true, they arent fair because they make it so that their votes are more important than everyone elses. Most people dont even vote for president, they vote for electors in the Electoral College so they can vote for president. I bet that everytime the Electoral College voted for a president people from different states yelled and screamed at them.

So the best thing is to pay attention to who everyone in the United States is voting for instead of the Electoral College. If we keep voting like this sooner or later everyone is going to get fed up with it and do something about it themselves.

Sincerely

PROPER_NAME    