A world without an ozone. People walking place to place. No electricity. There is no fossil fuel. These are some potential, yet dramatic, long run effects of the growing car usage since the early 1950's. Limiting this could cause a better environment, more nonrenuable energy, and safer environments.

This new idea of limited car usage could improve our environment. The ozone layer is being depleted and many believe it is due to the fossil fuels being burned by cars, trains, planes, and many other types of things. If everyone did not use their car for just a few days a month, then imagine how great the atmosphere would turn out. Some people such as Heidrun Walter, a new member of a "carless" community says that, he is much happier this way.

As many of you may know, the nonrenuable energy source, also known as fossil fuels, is slowly but surely running out. Like stated before, if we were to just not use vehicles a few days out of every month, then these recouces may slowly start to build back up. We definetly would not be using as much. There is a town in Germany that does not allow car parking on the street and the usage of a vehicle is very limited. It is said that there is only the occasional distant motor sound. Imagine how much money they spend on gas. That was sarcasm.

Finally, we all know how worried everyone is about getting in a car accident, or being hit by a car, or getting 'T-boned." Imagine being able to walk knowing in peace that there would be no accidents. Children would be able to roam the streets. The town wouldn't be as spaced out because things have to be within walking distance. IT would all be apart of something called "smart planning."

It would be wonderful not having to worry about danger or ozone being depleted. Knowing that a energy souce would always be around would be nice too. Everyone could agree that this is a glorious idea and the turn of a new leaf, the start of a new world. A more safe and stable world. So keep them in the garage and grab that bike you bought three years ago. Start peddling.     