Seeking opinions can help you make better decisions. "Two brains are better than one." See now everyone has heard this quote at least one time in their life. And that's because it's true! Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices because, more minds the better, different people from different cultures can have other ideas. And also it's good to have conversations about something that you're not sure on.

More minds the better. You know all those tall buildings built in the city? Yeah, those took many minds to make, over 1,000 engineers worked on the worlds tallest building. What if only one engineer made the design plans? I bet you it wouldn't even get past the drawing board. Everyone has heard the "We're stronger together" or "Team work makes the dream work." Now, do you know everything about airplanes? I bet not, so that's why you would talk to someone that does know something about planes. 99% of engineers need someone else to work for them because they don't know something. See, that's a perfect example of a way that we need other people to help us by using their knowledge that they have and that we don't. But overall everyone is better together and not better divided.

Different people from different cultures can other backgrounds and ideas. You may think that one word is good, but then your friend from a different country might think that that word is horrible! See now no one person is the same so that's why sometimes if you have and opinion on something then maybe you should ask someone else that has a different cultural background from you. One thing that famous politicians do is check with other people with different backgrounds to make sure that they don't offend people when they don't want to. Before you go out and start blabbing on about some other country maybe you should try and talk to the people from that country so then you don't offend them? You as a person will never be the same than anyone else. I personally have friends from other countries that eat dogs but look here, in the USA if someone eats a dog, that is very illegal. That's a perfect example of how people with other backgrounds will differ in opinions. So as you've read, most people that are different from you will widely differ in opinions from you.

It's good to have conversations about something you're not sure on. Everyone that is successful right now has asked at least one person for help, I can guarantee you that. So if you need help just ask! It's one of the best ways you can get help anyways. There are over 1,000 different information data bases that can help you find information on anything. One that I like is Wikipedia it may not be 100% reliable but that's only if you're ignorant while reading it. Wikipedia has over a million topics of information that you can browse. See this may not seem like your asking for help but it is one way you can. I only listed one good source of information but overall there is hundreds of sources for information and you can get help from any of them.

But the best you can do is always seek for more information and keep on learning. That's why more than one person's advice is better only one person's advice. So I challenge you to go out into the world and to keep asking questions and to stay educated!