Educating the youth and next generation may take a drastic change. Distance learning, learning from home, should be a new way of education for students. In online learning, students would learn from home by taking courses online and using videos to educated themselves. Students would no longer be going to classrooms to learn which would actually be a good thing. Using online learning for a teaching method would be very useful as it would stop social issues at school, allow students to go at their own pace, and allow students to learn more information and use other sources.

Online learning would out right stop most social issues at school. Bullying would be reduced for students since they're not forced to sit next to or even see a rude kid every day. Kids could only hang out and surround themselves with who they want to be around and don't have random seats or random partners and table mates. Having students not go into a classroom and all come together would also stop the spread of diseases and colds. Several schools have began online learning since the corona outbreak started to try and reduce the spread of that highly infectious disease. Another big social benefit, would be that kids can't be disruptive during classes and talk when the teacher is talking or talking to other kids and disrupt their learning envierment. Online learning would fix many have the social problems we have at school today.

Having students do online learning would allow for students to go at their own pace. In classrooms, the teacher chooses the pace at which they go at, and students have to follow it even if it's to fast for them and they get left behind. With online learning tho, it allows students to pause and rewind videos or even go back and understand something they didn't fully understand. Students could play videos again and again and review the videos as many times as they need to so they can understand, something that can't be done in a classroom. In classrooms, the teacher will just say things once, review it a little and explain, then move on. Online learning would allow all students to be able to fully understand and grasp a concept.

Online learning would allow students to learn more information and uses other sources to learn. Some kids who enjoy a concept, or just want to learn as much information about something as possible, are limited to how much the teach talks about it. With online learning students can explore the internet and other sources to find all sorts of information on a topic. In classrooms, teachers have a teaching method they use and just have to hope it works for everybody. In online learning, there is several ways of learning like watching a video, reading notes, and using a review game. Online learning would allow students to use each method and whatever they think helps them best they can use.

In conclusion, online learning should be an available option for students since would stop social issues at schools, allow students to go at their own pace and understand, and options to learn more information and use other sources. Some people fear that having online learning would result in kids not learning and just sitting at home playing games instead of school work at home. This would not be a big effect of online learning however, kids who are in school typically skip classes and walk around or don't pay attention. No matter what they will be kids who won't learn and try but online learning would not add to this factor. Online learning would prove very beneficial to the youth in education and making the next generations smarter. This is a new age, and we must use our new technical advances to our advantage, and then technology will keep getting better.