In a study conducted by Stanford University, scientists found that humans are proven to perform best and make the best decisions when working in a group of people. My mom has always told me that more brains are better than one, and I would have to agree with her. In the past, I have made poor decisions on my own, but when I ask somebody for a second opinion or idea I am able to use what they tell me to improve my own ideas. Seeking out multiple opinions helps people make the best choices because all people have different experiences, different knowledge, and different perspectives.

Everybody has different experiences that they use to make decisions. It is helpful to have multiple people's experiences to make the best choice possible.

9 out of 10 people say that they make the most effective decisions when they seek others for advice. They also said that because the people had different experiences than them it helped them choose what would be most efficient under a certain circumstance. Experiences affect what a person chooses to do, so it is advantageous to ask others about their opinions.

People have different knowledge of topics that help them throughout the choice making process. My mother and I have completely different knowledge bases because she is a physical therapist and I am still in middle school. Once, I had a knee that was inflamed and I thought that the problem was I had twisted it, but my mom observed how I was walking and realized that my shoe was causing the problem; my shoe didn't support my arch, so my foot would roll inward, causing my knee to as well. I had no idea that it was my shoe that was causing the issue, but because my mom had different knowledge than I did she was able to figure it out. Problem solving and choice making both involve using past knowledge to do the best thing now. Having a second person with different knowledge than you gives you a second opinion which is extremely useful to make the best choice.

When you ask somebody else for a second opinion they bring a different perspective based off of their knowledge and experiences. It is similar to when I went to an art festival in Utah and there was artist who did pavement murals. They looked interesting and beautiful, but to see what the artist wanted you to see you had to stand on footprints that had been painted on the asphalt and look to see what the mural was of. When you have a second person to give you their opinion it is similar to looking at a mural from a different perspective. The first way that you look at the mural is interesting, but it is even better when you change to where the footprints are: the best choice to stand. Having a second opinion can help you choose the right perspective and right choice.

Asking for multiple opinions helps people make the best choices. Getting a second opinion helps you make the best choice because you have another person's opinion based off of their experiences. Every person has different knowledge of topics and they use their knowledge to make decisions. Listening to the opinion of someone else is useful because they will know different information and facts than you. Perspectives that people have are developed from what they know and have experienced, so getting multiple opinions helps you learn another perspective that could be more helpful towards making the correct choice. In conclusion, getting the opinions and ideas of others assists you in making the best choice.