The principal decided that all students must participate in one extracurricular activity which includes sports, working on the yearbook, and serve on the student council. Do I agree or disagree with this. I disagree with this because every student in the school must or forced to do an after school activity. Three main examples are students grades, students not caring, and

The first main reason is the students grades. Now extra curricular activities could effect students grades for example, sports activity requires you to keep good grades to stay in the game such as Basketball, Football, and tennis this could stress and overwhelm the students in trying to keep good grades so much they could possibly fail. Then you have yearbook making and this could just tire the editor in the yearbook making curricular because of how long editing takes and typing.

The second reason is most students will not care. If you force students into doing something they would not enjoy they may not care for it as they did not want to do it in the first place, so the extra curriculum would be pointless by most students and would be usless for the school to do these and this could also be a waste of student time as if this plan fails this could potentialy be a waste of school resources and school time, with the exception of football the other two activitys will fail.

The third reason is less time at home, and what

I mean for this topic is that extra curricular activitys could hold them in school for said amount of time therfore when they get home after said amount of time they will be tired and may have anything to do like homework and could possible lower moral at school due to them staying longer and less time with their family.

To sum up this essay i explained why forcing students to join extra curricular activtys was a bad idea with three examples and with those three exaples i supported them with my opinon on why forcing them to join afterschool activitys was such a bad idea and how we should not do this with the opinons i had.         