People all around the world go through different things, but it's those who are there with you that help guide the way. In times of a tough decision, seeking multiple opinions will help in making a better choice. Everyones opinion gives a different point of view and can help pick out what decision is best. As well as, some people have gone through similar things and can help talk out the situation. In my lifetime I have experienced my friend go through a rough path. Because of the people who helped her, she is now happier and living much better.

Many people will have different perspectives. They all can influence a decision, because everyone is different. We are raised by our culture and environment. Therefore, no two minds are alike. Situations are seen differently, giving an abundance of different solutions. Imagine a parent and friend helping out the same person, now compare the two. As a parent they want what's best for their child and try to look to steer them in the right direction. While a friend may want the same thing, but at the end of the day they are looking to have fun and may not always give the best advice. When people are getting someone else's a opinion they are making themselves vulnerable to the fact that different possibilities could happen. People can get strongly judged or rejected on their opinions they've made, as that could heavily impact a choice. However, getting multiple views on a decision is always the best option, because everyone sees things differently.

Throughout our life people have been through hardships. Some may be similar situations which include ways it's been dealt with in hopes of others making better choices. With the help of someones past, it can help pave a way for someones decision. Knowing peoples mistakes and consequences can differ what others choose to do. When making a choice some people visit professionals. A few include psychologists, therapists and counselors, they help listen to a problem in hopes of breaking it down and seeking best possible outcomes. These people are there to help drive a path for healthy decision making. Another reason is that knowing other people struggle with things too and that no one is ever alone. It provides at least a little comfort understanding everyone goes through something. Those people who decide to open up about their problems can also help determine a choice. Most people care for the well-being of people in hopes for a successful and enjoyable life. Talking to people who have dealt with similar problems or people who are professionally trained, can help bring ease to making a decision.

At one point in life everyone has gone through or knows someone who has been through a tough decision. A couple years ago I had a friend who always gave advice to everyone's problems. She was beautiful, intelligent and fun to be around. However, she did not feel this way about herself. As time went on some situations became too heavy to handle, the stress grew on top of her. At school she only showed perkiness, meanwhile, she was in a darker place. No one was aware of this until a few weeks later when she spoke to her friends, then counselors, next teachers and eventually her parents to get the help she wanted. She was afraid of what the world would think of her if she wasn't perfect. These people all helped her find ways for comfort and how to get the treatment needed without doing something harmful to herself or others. She was steered back into a safe and happy pathway thanks to the help of those around her.

To finish off, when seeking multiple opinions it can help someone make a better choice. As said in paragraph one, throughout life people have different views on situations and how to resolve them beneficially. As restated in paragraph two, people in life are faced with many challenges. Knowing others struggle can help bring together different ways to handle a decision. Lastly, when my peer was faced with a problem she sought out help, this brought her to a happier place. She is now better than she ever thought she could be. Making a decision shouldn't be done alone, we need to use the people around us to help guide our journey.