You should join the Seagoing Cowboys program! You should join it because you get to help others and animals. Also it not just a plus for them it is one for you too. The plus is that when you travel to help others you get to see the ocens all the time and beautiful sights! It is an opportunity of a lifetime if you ask me! If I was old enough I might what to think about being a Seagoing Cowboy!

Luke's claim was a great claim! Instead of working in a grocey store and a bank he became a Seagoing Cowboy! Even himself he said, '' It opened a whole new world for me'' He helped animals and more when the World War Two happend. He recovered their food supplies. He went accrosed the Atlantic Ocean 16 times and the Pacific Ocean twice to help people affected by World War two, that would be a sight to see.

When you are a Seagoing Cowboy you have a responsibility to help animals and more! But it can also be dangerous crossing the oceans all the time. If you want to be a Seagoing cowboy you have to be brave and courageous! You need those traites because if that was your job you would'nt want to be nervous or afraid all the time.

Luke had too be brave he had to have a great outlook to kept doing what he was doing, And you can too! His point of veiw was strong. He went on 9 trips and that is the most of any Seagoing Cowboy! He also had a cargo of 355 horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them! He even cracked his ribs, but he is ok. Over something small but he was brave enough to keep going because he cared for the animals and he loved his job.

You should become a Seagoing Cowboy for sure! If you like animals and travling this is the job for you! You can have so much adventure you would'nt even know what to do with it! This generation needs to carry on with the Seagoing Cowboys! To help animals and more! One day we will need your help more than ever! We need this to keep going with the Seagoing Cowboys! He even know himself it was an opportunity of a lifetime.                                    