Many students choose to participate in traditional and online schooling.

Online schooling can include video conferencing with teacher or enrollment in a class taken on the computer.

Giving students the ability to take classes from home is a widely debated topic.

Although some believe that students should only have the option of traditional schooling because they are less likely to learn social skills at home, students should be given the opportunity to participate in online schooling because it allows them to work at their own pace, lower their stress levels, and take multiple classes at once.

To begin with, students will be able to work at their own pace.

When taking a test in a traditional classroom, some students finish in ten minutes and others take the entire class.

Either way, students should not feel the need to slow down or speed up in order to finish in a certain time.

Forcing kids to work at the pace of their peers will produce lower test scores.

With the option of online school, students are able to finish assignments at their own time.

As a result, assignments will be given more attention by students and will overall turn out better than they would have in the classroom.

Students are capable of producing better work, if they are able to work at their own pace.

In addition, stress levels in students will significantly decrease.

Stress and anxiety among students is extremely high.

Many kids have test anxiety and are not able to perform well in testing environments.

Testing anxiety can be caused by numerous factors but one factor that stands out the most is feeling comfortable in an environment.

If the student does not feel comfortable in their classroom while taking a test, they will not produce a good grade.

If the student is placed in a well suited environment, like their home, they are guaranteed to receive a better grade than if they were placed in a classroom.

Secondly, if students are able take their time and not rush through school work, stress levels will reduce and the amount of passing students will increase.

Students often feel rushed to finish in a short amount of time in order to please their teachers.

Although many teachers preach to their students to take their time, teachers unknowingly put a time restriction on student.

Online courses allow kids to start and finish assignment when they feel comfortable doing so.

Online classes lowers the chance of stress among students by eliminating classroom anxiety.

Furthermore, the ability to take extra classes is given to students.

In order to graduate at many public and private schools, students must meet graduation requirements.

There are multiple classes a student must take to graduate that are electives.

These classes take up space in kid's schedules restricting the amount of core classes a student can take.

If schools allow these kids to take these classes in their free time, students will be able to complete these courses and move onto classes they will use in the future.

For example, all school require students to partake in a health class throughout their high school careers.

If students are capable of taking this class in the summer rather than in the school year, a new gap in their schedule opens for another class.

Also, online schools prevent advance students from burning out.

Many children who were placed in advanced learning at a young age experience a burn out.

This occurs when the student does not have to work as hard in their education as others.

This produces a poor work ethic, which is essential in the real world.

By allowing these students to take an extra course online, they will be challenged forcing them to improve their work ethic and time management.

Online school gives students a chance to get ahead in their education

In conclusion, students should be given the opportunity to participate in online school because they will have the ability to work at a their own speed, reduce their stress levels, and participate in more classes.

If students are unable to take online courses, they are more likely to get off track in their learning.

By giving students this education outlet, students will be more likely to graduate and be ready to dive into their adult lives.