At schools, who require students to do projects over the summer, it should be the students who design what project they do because if they decide the topic they will complete it, they can go on various adventures to learn about the topic, and they can have fun with it. No student likes doing work over the summer, so if they're choosing their own topic it would get them to actually enjoy learning about it. Even during the school year most students hate doing projects because the teacher assigns mostly boring projects, that no one wants to do. When they're completing the project they can set up how they're going to present it to. If your school did this, what would you prefer to do?

If the students choose the topic they complete a project on, they will actually think about it and get it done. They can use their creative side of their brain and come up with a very educational but exciting project idea. They can ask they're friends and family to help. They can also use the internet if they don't find enough real life and personal resources.

Then, once the students picked their idea of their project, they can go on various adventures to learn about the topic they need to study. They can ask their parents to go on a vacation or vacations to any area specific to learn about it. When they're in the area they could go on tours of the city or country they're in. They can go see the landscape and learn about the past/history, especially if it's a historical spot.

Keep in mind they're still just kids they need to have fun from the project, especially if it's over their summer break. They need to have crazy and fun nights with their closest friends, I mean maybe their friends could teach them something about the project they have to complete. Hanging around their family at a cookout is always fun in the summer, and their family could have their own knowledge about the project. Staying up all night on the internet may not be smart, but it sure can can lead you to information you could learn for your summer project.

In conclusion, students should be the ones who get to choose what their educational projects are going to be about over their summer break. If they create the topic they will actually get it done knowing that their school didn't give them a boring topic to learn about. They can also go on many crazy and exciting adventures to tour and get information on anything they need. Most importantly they need to have fun because summer is about having the time of your life, but they can also learn about fun and educational topics.      