Dear Florida Senator,

Would you like to vote, or do you feel obligated to vote? I personally want my vote to make a difference. I would want to keep the Electoral College because it expess others to vote and to have freedom of speech of knowing which candidate would be better to control our world of which we live in.  If you are willing to vote, choose carefully and be percise with your answer. Don't let others get in your way, it's your choice and time, so express a political preference rather than deciding an election.

First of all, voting is all about the candidates, try to understand and know the candidates before voting. "Voters sometimes get confused about the elctors and vote for the wrong candidate." If you didn't know the candidates and voted the wrong candidate, then your vote may make a difference and you would have to wait patiently for four years intill your able to vote again for a different candidate.

Secondly, If you don't want to waste your time and thinking that your vote would not make a difference, then I'm sure others feel the same way. "A large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does." Every state should get the equal amount of attention then any other state, and it should all be about the electors by sharing their own opinions.

Thirdly, Candidates should think about their electors and keeping this world safe and sercure for us rather than just wanting to be in the white house. "Candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states." It's great that the candidates are appreciative by the electors and wanting our vote to count.

In conclusion, we cannot control electors who wants to vote for a candidate that others may dissagree on, but we can control our own vote.

It's your decision whether to vote or not and who do you approve for. Your vote can make a difference and every bit counts. So there is a reason to have the Electoral College.         