Dear Senator,

I feel as if we got rid of the electoral college it would just cause us more trouble that we are dealing with at the moment. the electoral college helps us so dramaticly, and some people just don't understand how much it really helps. Everyone might think they know so much about the electoral college, like if we got rif of it everything would just be fine. No one really knows what really goes on all the time. I could not  imagine if we were to ever et rid of the electoral college that has been there since our founding fathers.

If we we going to change the election to by a popular vote thngs would get out of hand and horrble things could happen. Large states as Texas, California, and Minnesota would have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential canidate. People not in those states would get angry and things would get bad. It takes 270 out of 538 to be elected president and if changing to popular vote for the election would be thelargest state elector would be the president.

Yes there are things that are wrong in the electoral coleege but nothing is perefect as we all know. In Texas if you wanted to vote for John Kerry you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry, and thats just one thing that is wrong. Another thing wrong about the electoral college is a tie in the electoral vote. If happened the election wouldbe thrown to the House of Representatives, where state dlegations vote on the president. Then the senate would then choose the vice-president. Because each state casts only ne vote, the single representive from Wyoming, representing 500,00 voters, would have as much as the 55 represenyives.

When youvote for a presidentiial canidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors. The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recives a majority of the votes cast.  Nixon and Clinton both had only a 43 percent chanceplurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the electoral college. There is pressure for run-off elections when no canidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably prodeuces a clear winner.

If the election changed to a popular vote things as we know it would change drasticly.                                    