Every child leads a different life and is born into a different environment

- but the one thing that every child deserves is the chance to receive a quality education. People across the globe have fought for this vital opportunity for decades, advocating for those whose path to knowledge is obscured by circumstance. Students who have obstacles such as mental health issues or the lack of local education would greatly benefit and be better accommodated from the opportunity to take classes online and from their home.

A system of at-home classwork would greatly help any student with a learning disability or intellectual setback. Many children struggle with slight disabilities such as dyslexia or ADHD - small occurrences that hinder the learning process. However, these minuscule variations can have major effects on the way a student absorbs information and needs to be accommodated in the classroom, a setback that many public schools aren't equipped to handle. This can prove detrimental to the development of the student - without the proper instruction formatted for the style in which they learn, their true academic potential can remain untapped. With classes taken inside the home, this can change. In the environment they know best, surrounded by people that understand how they need to be aided, the child can thrive without the pressure to adapt to the method of learning endorsed inside the mainstream school. They can explore options in their education and take the time they need to properly understand new concepts, all within their home and without the restraint of a larger public entity telling them to conform.

Students that don't have access to public education in the areas in which they live would highly benefit from the ability to take online classes. While a rarity, there are some areas of the globe where young people are denied the chance to receive an education. This is nearly never the fault of the student - where they live, the government of the country that they live in, and their gender or physical appearance are all traits that they cannot control. When the terrorist group Al-Qaeda was present in Pakistan, many Pakistani girls couldn't go to school or leave their houses due to the militia's belief that women were not deserving of rights or an education. While these girls were being denied the opportunity to be educated, this doesn't mean that they weren't deserving - online classes could've and still could improve that situation. Through the availability of methods to access classwork in the home, children that have been circumstantially denied the chance to attend school could be granted that chance again, and with potentially less risk. Classes taken within the home would allow students in difficult life situations to gain back their opportunity to learn, and continue furthering their intellectual development despite their circumstances.

Anxiety can severely stunt the educational career of a budding child, but would be lessened through the attendance of classes from home. Anxiety can infiltrate every corner of a student's thought process, and whether the stress is academically related or not, it affects the way that a child learns and grows. Participation grades, group projects, popularity expectations, and the rumor mill of regular public school can take a more severe toll on children with anxiety disorders, making it hard for these students to see school as a place to gain knowledge. Instead, they begin to dread it, sick and tired of the constant pressure and nervousness they experience in the classroom. However, when attending classes within the home, these judgments can be alleviated. The anxiety within the student is eased by being in a familiar environment, a place where they can decide what interactions to engage in and when. An opportunity like at-home classes can transform an anxious child's perspective of education from a negative and stressful experience into something positive and beneficial, helping them progress academically while accommodating to their mental health.

The opportunity to receive at-home education and attend classes through an online program would provide important accommodations to students that otherwise feel out-of-place in the regular public school system, namely those with mental setbacks or difficult geographical circumstances. While it is a privilege and would most likely take time to implement, the chance for a personalized education is a chance that all children deserve. 