Have you ever had to do a summer project? Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Summer projects should be student-designed because students would more likely understand how to do the project, it would be less work for the teachers, and there would be a higher chance of students doing the project.

Although teacher-designed summer project would be more academically challenging for the students, students are more likely to understand how to do the project if they are able to design it. For example, when my sister was in tenth grade she did not do her summer project because the teacher did not explain it well and she didn't understand how to do it. This shows that if summer projects were student designed, students would have a better understanding on how to do the project.

Secondly, a student-designed summer project would be less work for the teachers. For example, my ninth grade English teacher was so focused on preparing us for our final that she didn't have enough time to design a summer project. This shows that if students were to design their own summer projects, teachers would have less work and more time to focus on grading and teaching.

Lastly, if students could design their summer project there would be a higher chance of them doing the project. For example, if a teacher made a summer project about researching China but some students prefer to research about Rome, students wouldn't want to do the project because they aren't interested in China. This shows that if students were to design their own project they would make it around their interests and would more likely do the project as well as enjoy it.

In conclusion, I encourage you to write a letter to your local school board and inform them on why summer projects should be student-designed. Summer projects should be student-designed because students would more likely understand how to do the project, it would be less work for the teachers, and there would be a higher chance of students doing the project.