I think some students with benefit from distance learning and some wont.

Some student wont have any devices to set up a video confrence with.

Some students might now have internet at home or other places.

Distance learning is also good because it gives students a chance to catch up on school work at home and they wont have to sit in a classroom all day.

Distance learning is also very helpful because some students might not be able to attende schools but with distance learning they wont have to go to a school to learn with other kids they can be in there own space to concentrate.

Distance learning also has some benefits like parents wont have to get up so early to make sure there kids get on the bus and some parents might not have cars to get there children to school. Students wont get in to fights our get in trouble at school if there home they can have 1 on 1 with the teachers there having a video confrence with there so many great things about distance learning.

Distance learning has some flaws to because sometimes it might not always work there could be bugs in the software or the quality of the video might not be great also distance learning is something that not alot people might be able to attende. Some people might not even have access to devices or internet they can go to a public library but thats will be only temporary and students wont be able to do distance learning aftoen because the software might be to expensive.

Some people might think distance learning is a waste of time because students who dont pay attention in school wont pay attention if there in distance learning. But it is also good because students who have bad grades or cant focus in a classroom setting can take the oppertunity to use distance learning to pass there classes with ease.

Distance learning is also good for students looking to be home schooled they have this program to get them threw there high school/middle schools classes.

In conclusion i am with and against distance learning.