Having different opinions for advice is a good thing. If someone asks multiple people advice on a problem then the outcome would be their is different answers for different people. When they get different answers from different people then they can narrow the most logical answer from the different people. Finding multiple opinions is the best way to correct or enforce your idea or create an idea. That is why having multiple opinions on a subject is a good thing.

If you go up to one of your friends and ask for some advice. Then, you ask someone else about that same advice. After you will probably get a difference in opinions. Although it is good to have multiple opinions your not always going to get a straight answer. like if you ask someone something that they are well knowledge in, and someone who is least knowledge in. Who do you think the best person to ask about that subject is would be. the well knowledge right well not entirely just because they are well knowledge about it does not mean that they are experts in that subject. The less knowledge person could know something that the well knowledge person does not know so that is why having multiple opinions is not entirely good.

When someone gets different opinions on a subject then they will try and narrow the opinions down in a logical manner. Like if someone has 5 candidacies and they ask each person separately a majority of the candidates will have different answers. So, if someone has both of the same answers then the person who is asking will probably lean more to the similar answers. Just because the people go towards that answer doesn't mean that it is logical.

If a person has an idea or needs an idea about something they are going to want to get advice about something. If they have an idea then they can either change the idea or enforce there idea from the different opinions. If they don't have an idea then they can get ideas from the peoples advice. That is why having multiple perspective of an opinion is good.

Giving advice to people can work because of a difference in opinion. If someone has a difference in opinion or a friend has a difference in opinion then giving advice and explaining it thoroughly can really help someone. like if someone asks a friend to give some advice to them. Then talking about precisely what they are looking for can help to expand a brooder view on how that person can help there friend.

Having a difference in opinion, to find a way to decide on different opinions, giving advice, and deciding on changing or enforcing ideas. It all has to do with how having multiple people giving advice is a good thing. though sometimes having a difference in opinion it is not perfect it is not all that bad to have different opinions. who ever asks can narrow the idea which can enforce or maybe change the outcome of the idea. They can give advice because of having a difference in opinion. All of the ways of having advice of multiple people can all help each other.