Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. There is an ongoing debate if these summer projects should be teacher- designed or student- designed. Those that disagree state it's easier on yourself and brings out your own ideas and creativity, but this is not true. Although some may disagree, summer projects should be teacher- designed.

There are a variety of reasons why summer projects should be teacher- designed. The teacher can challenge the students. For example, if I was assigned a project where I can pick my own topic I wouldn't do a lot to where it's hard work. Furthermore, the teacher can also prepare you for next year and do the topic about something you're going to learn about. Doing a project of my own choice of topic wouldn't help me next year. Also, it lets the teacher see who can do it and who needs more time and help. Every year is different and working on a project designed by the teacher can help you get ready.

There are further reasons why summer projects should be teacher-designed. One reason is to have a topic to the subject. Doing a project about my favorite song wouldn't help me with science. A teacher- designed project can also better your work. When your teacher assign a project about a topic your going to learn next year, you will already know about it because you did a project on it. Lastly, doing summer projects prepare your brain for school. Over the summer you can forget things and having a teacher- designed project can help remember.

Although some may disagree, summer projects should be teacher- designed. This is the case due to better work, prepare you for next year, and challenge students. Those who disagree state it's easier on yourself and bring out your own ideas and creativity, but this is not true. This topic is important because it shows how some schools do better than other schools when they do summer projects. It makes other schools want to prepare their students for their upcoming year.