Mr. and Mrs. Smith get prepared for the elections, which is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. They're both really assured on who they are electing, Mr. Keen, the remarkable Republican canidate. Mr. Keen would most definitely operate in Mr. and Mrs. Smiths' favor, due to the fact that Keen offers a convinient medical insurance for they're family, opposes of abortion and is projecting sites for the unemployed individuals. Clearly, candidate Mr. Keen is a go for the Smiths'  family, but what if they're doomed of their vote not getting qualified due to the systems', such as the Electoral College? The Electoral College is a ominous process, due to the fact that voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, disvalues ones' citizenship rights and it's going to influence the country of not voting.

Firstly, the Electoral College is a cynical process where not everyones' vote is taking account of. Imagine, voting in the upcoming election in vain knowing that organizations that only select the votes of one entire state, unconsious of the other millions individuals in the other surplus of the nation exist. The possibility of the one in fifty states choosing majorly one particular candidate, is highly risky for the goverment, and no one should permit putting in risk the goverment with this stubborn prefrence of electoral votes. Incontestably, the Electoral College System, is not a method of voting that should be unresposibly utilized to advantage the four years of presidency.  Secondly, voting is a stupendous privilege that allows' one to vote in the adulthood stage. Perhaps, because in the adulthood stage one is aware of all the current economic situations and one is noticable of the advantages a former president can serve them. The former citizens' privileges are unfortunately disvalued lately, with the Electoral College system. It's dreadful that the anticipation a legal individual once awaited on, can no longer be celebrated or reinacted, with this fashion of electing states, that manage the majority votes of the respective candidate. Can voters control whom their electors vote for? That results in a false and negative answer. Thence, it is more than clear that the old-fashion and benevolent method of regrouping all the cadenced voices of all the recievable votes is appropate and suitable for the public and president.  Thirdly, the Electoral college influences countries to not participate in the privilege of voting. Once the citizens, have the knowledge of these unprudent organizations, voting is going to be outlooked as an petition, that isn't necessary of taking toll of. Due to the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance in winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing'' states. The pending thought, that ones' state might be chosen out of the many, is certainly doubtful. The Electoral College, can upbring wins in the popular votes but lost in the presidency, these democracies need to be abolished because it should be a doubt that the President and the opposed public, should be uncondemed of. Clearly, the definition of this service is dooming and should be reinforced from the Constitution, to prevent the countrys' votes from going unknown. It is at time, at last, to conclude all the disadvantages of the Electoral College in one, it's ominous due to the fact that the public votes not for the president, but for a state of electors, disvalues ones' citizenship rights and influences' the country of not voting. The opression against the Electoral College, has it's witty motives. As we all know, the most popular partys are the Republic and Democrat. If the Electoral College, only selects one state out of the entire nation, that allows one states, that carries one culture of people to form the regimen of the rules of that successful party. No goverment, should suit this fashion, because it isn't right in any shape or form.    