Extracurricular activities can be a number of things. From sports, to working on the yearbook, and even serving on the student council, there are a lot of things that qualify as extracurricular activities. It is good for everyone to be part of at least one activity to keep them occupied and stay involved with the school. Doing an extracurricular activity has a lot of benefits, and doing an extracurricular activity is doing yourself a favor. Whether it gives you good experience for your future career, helps you develop good leadership and decision-making, or keeps you in shape, the pros of requiring extracurricular activities far outweighs the cons.

One of the extracurricular activities you can choose is playing a sport. Sports help you out in a number of ways. They could help you stay in shape. You can make friends or develop stronger bonds with them. They also can be a lot of fun, and pave way for a future career in that sport. There are lots of sports to choose from, so the options are endless!

Another way to stay involved with your school is to work on the yearbook. The yearbook is made annually by students, and is good to put on your resume if you want a career in photography. Helping out with the yearbook actually helps the school too. If students like the yearbook, they will buy it, which gives the school more money to spend on improving itself. You also get to hang out with friends while working on the yearbook, which is always nice.

If those activities dont appeal to you, you could serve on the student council. Serving on the school council helps develop crucial skills like leadership and decision-making. It is also a very good experience if you want to pursue a career in politics later on in life. The decisions you make while on student council can help out the school a lot. You can improve key areas of the school and make life better for the students who go to the school.

Learning new things about yourself is always good, and extracurricular activities help you do just that. Maybe you're a great hockey player. Maybe you discover a passion for photography you never knew you had by working on the yearbook. Maybe you're actually a great leader. There are so many things you can discover about yourself by participating in extracurricular activities. Things that you would never know about if you didn't try an extracurricular activity.