The counterclaim: Our travels on earth and beyond sold not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. The evidence is in paragraph 6 many reasearchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to or knowledge of venus.

In the article "The challenge of exploring venus", Mostly talks about venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers it could be .

One reason why it's dangerous is because no one have maded to venus. For example in paragraph 2 in sentence 5 it states, "Each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reasons, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours". Another example in paragraph 2 sentence 6 it states, "maybe the issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades.

A second reason why it's dangerous is that NASA is exprienceing new object to see if they could land in venus. For example in paragraph 5 in the second sentence it states "NASA possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus." A second example on why NASA is using objects is in paragraph five sentence four it states "A vechicle hovering over venus would avoid to unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way".

A third reason why it's dangerous is that humans are not believing and wanting to go to venus. For example in paragraph eight it states "Striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but humans curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endevors".

"The challenge of exploring venus" Is worthy pursuit despite of danger for these reasons, Alstranouts not landing, NASA making a new object to try to land, and humans not wanting to believe what's happeing and wanting to go to venus. I perdict that those were why the author suggest that studying venus could be dangerous.