Dear Principal

I think that you should let kids play sports even if there grade is lower than a B average. There are people that need help and it is not fair to them if they are having trouble. There are three reasons why you should let students play sports without a B average.

There are students who may have joined a team and is not good at most subjects. He is not able to get them all done because he may have sports practice during the evening. This can cause someone to come home late and not have time for homework. This will cause the student to have a bad grade on his progress report or report card. There can also be times when three different classes all have a major grade assignment due and they were all due at the same date. A player might not be home enough to do the project. They might also have a game that day. If they don't do there homework they wont be able to play, but if they don't come to a game they might get kicked off the team. So having a B average is like trying to win a losing battle for someone on a sports team.

The next reason is that all students have a unique specialty to a certain class. They may be good at math but very bad at ELA. So if they get below a B average in that class they might get kicked off the team. Every person has his own abilities to do a certain thing or class. This is not fair to the people who are not good at everything. If they are not good at it that does not mean that they have to be kicked of the team.

The last reason is that some kids might need special help. If a person is having troubles in all of his classes a teacher cant only pay attention to him she has to look after the rest of the class. if they are at the back the teacher might not get to him because of all the people at the front. This way the student learns the minimum amount of knowledge he needs to pass the test or the quiz.

This is why you should let students play sports even if they don't have a B average in every class. You shouldn't say people cant play what they want to play based on the criteria of there grades.