Dear Principal TEACHER_NAME,

Hello my name is STUDENT_NAME, and i would like to tell you about how i feel on your new policy for sports and curriculum .

Well many people including me have a C average as our grade. But that doesn't mean you should punish us. We very well could be failing but were trying our very hardest to not be. Many things in the curriculum are very difficult for us to grasp, and understand, but that doesn't mean we aren't trying our very hardest to get our grades up. now this is not the case for every student, but in my case it is. I am having a great deal of difficulty in math right now, and that's because we are covering an area of material that I don't fully understand. I keep trying harder and harder everyday but the formulas and numbers just don't add to me. But I have had a great grade in this class all year until we got onto this subject. Many kids struggle with a subject that is difficult for them to learn. But we shouldn't punish them for it, just because they don't understand. Now I can understand why you would change the policy for people who don't care about they're grade's and don't care to keep them up. But for the kids that do care they're just not getting the material that we are learning, why should they be punished to. Maybe being in a sport will help them learn that, if they want to stay on the sport then they have to keep they're grade's up. Also if you change the policy many students will have to leave the sport they love, and you will have not very big teams and the school would lose a lot of money. Now I'm not asking you to lower the policy of the grade average but all I'm saying is, us students try our hardest everyday to do our best, But sometimes our best isn't good enough. But why should we get punished just because we had a rough or an off week. maybe sports will help the students mature and learn that they have to keep they're grade up if they want to stay with the sport they love.

So please Principal TEACHER_NAME, please reconsider changing your policy of our grade average. I think that if the policy stays the same then the students, you, the school, and the district will benefit from our curriculum and sport life. So thank you for taking the time out to read my letter and I hope you think about reconsidering, I promise you and others will benefit from leaving the policy the way it is. Thank you again.

sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME