Students will be way more benifited if summer school projects were to be student-designed instead of teacher designed. Allowing for student to design their own project will allow them to explore and learn how to do projects on their own. This will allow them to be more independent and responsible on doing projects on their own and managing their time to do school work. It also be way more fun then doing a teacher-designed project !

If students were to do teacher-designed projects then they will be guided to do a better project overall and will learn stuff that can actually benifit them in the coming year. It can also refresh their memory on material they already learned and keep them engaged on education and not on wasting time. Also if the the summer projects were teacher-designed then. If students were to a teacher-designed project than it will fit into a criteria where it is easier to grade. This will allow the teacher to grade them quickly and give feedback to improve the students knowledge and to help solve the mistakes. Also if students did a teacher-designed project than they can have better instructions making it easier and more quickly to get the project done faster allowing them to have a better summer. But it will also keep them engage with school work because it was a teacher-design and the material on it should be instructed and given from the teacher.

Who doesn't want freedom? The students will be able to have more freedom when making a student-designed project. With more freedom students can explore subjects that they don't know about, or want to know more about. This can also make students get more creative with the project when it comes to design or topic that others may find interesting. If students had more freedom with their project allowing them to be creative and showing the teachers what they can do could benifit them because the teacher can give the student more opportunities when doing future projects. Also if the school some very creative project than the student can be recommended to events or major schools in the future. Also when giving students more freedom it can allow them to express themselves or maybe make a point when doing a project on their own. Also when doing a teacher-designed project then students will fell more restrained and more like they are forced to a project. If students had to do their own designed project than they would probably do it more willingly.

Also when allowing the student to their own student-designed project it can make them more responsible and independent. This will make the students more independent because they will have to the project on their own with no guide or instruciton on how to do it making them do it by themselves. And of course responsible because the student is responsible to get the project done and to turn it in with their own design. Letting a student their own project can help them because could get them to do their work and use their own knowledge.

If the students were to do their own student-design project than they will have fun. If they are having fun than they will be more engaged on the project and interested allowing them to do better. When they have fun doing there project than it's a more enjoyable experience. It will also teach them how to manage time during the summer to get their project done. Also the student will have all the summer to design their own project allowing them to above and beyond and do something very creative that can influence others and impress the teacher.

Overall a student-design project would be better because it allows the student to explore and have freedom with their design and project allowing them to create cool and complex projects. This would also make student responsible and independent because they have to make their own design project. And overall it would be very fun allowig the student to be engaged with their project and really get into their project making it better.