Would having car free cities be easier for everyone, or would it make a huge impact on our society? It could go from commuting executuve or fewer soccer moms. Driveways, home garages, and street parking and forbidden in the experiment of the outskirts on the nee district. In a place called Vauban's streets are completly "Car-free". The only places that are not car free are downtown near the tram. You can only have two places to park and those two places are home, and large garages only at the edge of the developement it costs $40,000. Fifty-seven percent sold a car to move here, and seventy percent of families do not own a car. They say "When I had a car i was always tense. Immuch happier this way". Suburbs have linchpin called automobiles. Up to fifty percent in some car- intensive areas in the U.S.. and up to twelve percent of green house gas emissions in Europe. A home to 5,500 residents withing a rectangular square mile, it may be the most advanced experiment in a low-car suburban life. They say " All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change". A fast-growing coalition of hundreds of groups in the U.S. are promoting new communities that are less dependent on cars. The EPA is promoting a "car reduced" communities, and legislatrors are acting cautiously.

Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city, after days of near-record pollution. Odd and even numbered plates were threatened to keep there cars home or forced to lay of fine of $31. Just about 4,000 drivers were fined. Sixety percent of congestion was down. China is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. Taax policy favors Diesels over gasoline. Sixty-seven percent of diesels make up vehiclals, compared to 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in Wetern Europe. There is typically more smog in Paris. There were one hundred and forty seven micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter, and this is compared to one hundred and fourteen and 79.7 reuters found. According the the BBC, public transit was free of charge from friday to monday. The smog had cleared enought monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday.

Millions of Colonbians hiked, skated, biked, or took busses to work during a car free day yesterday. Cars have been banned for 3 years now in colombia, there are only taxis, and busses left there a seven million people in that city. The goal was to promote alternitive transportation and reduce smog, violatoors faced a tenty five dollar fine. They said "The rain hasnt stopped people from participating". "It;s a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution". Cali and Valledupar, had joined the event. "These people are generating a revolutionary change". It has been seen to see one hundred and eighteen miles of bicycle paths. New restaurants and upscale shopping districts have ctopped up. Parks ans sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city. Rush hour restrictions have dramaticlly cut traffice. Uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks.

This is what i think should happen with out society. Car-free days would be a new thing for everyone. We have some pretty l;azy people in the world.                    