Having Online Classes show positive and negative results in a student. Online Classes are like regular classes, that teaches you the S

tandards of Learning . Like every other class, students listen to what the teacher has to say and answer questions on that objective, of what the teacher taught them.

Students that take online classes do have its benefits. For example, if you don't have enough credits, counselors tell students that are going to graduate if they do or do not have enough credits, they can take online classes. As long as you sign up with the school your attending, complete the course and earn the credit; they're able to graduate. Another reason are Programs, if you're in a high school program, you might have to take an "Exit-Test" exam. An example of that is C.I.S.L. (Center of Intelligence Studies of Languages), throughout high school you learn a new language, besides English, at the end of junior or senior year, and you'd take this exam to see how much you learn by taking an reading, writing, speaking, and listening test. Another example is College, some young adults can't afford to leave home or to busy taking care of their family, to even see a sight of college in their future. That's why Online Colleges were made, to help those who can't help themselves nor have the money of affording a tuition. College online classes, are the same as high school you listen to a professor on a matter subject and take a quiz or test, from what you learned from them. Another reason Online classes are beneficial they're different schedule classes. For example you have to work 11:30 A.M. through 8:30 P.M. Then you can schedule a class for 10:00 P.M. You can pick your time of the day class. Different from being in a real school, you have to be at that class at a certain time and day, or you're marked absent or tardy.

But there are also some consequences in Online Classes; online classes, are actually classes and real professors grade you on your work, so if your slacking or getting real low quiz and test scores, you've failed the class, and you don't get any credit from that class. Then you have to redo the whole course, because with no credit you can not graduate. Another reason Online classes have negative results, is that they have the rights to kick you out the class, in the beginning of the course, they're suppose to give you an agreement and term contract, and if your attendance is poor, they'll kick you out the class.

However, I believe that online classes are very beneficial for students. To take classes from home or from school, doesnt really matter, as long as you get the class credit and complete your recommencement, you can graduate.    