The advantages of limiting car usage is that it helps the envirornment to stay healthy, it helps bring the rate of high car usage down and lets people take bikes, skates, and ect. and so people can be more actice, and cars have harmful chemicals, and gases that is bad for the air we breath.

The advantages for limiting car usage is that it helps the envirornment to stay healthy because with so many countries with over populated cities have alot of cars which causes smog. Like in Vauban Germany they have gave up on there cars so they have baned cars, and that most of the population has got rid of their car, and or sold them to stay in Vauban which has a population of 5,500 residents. The people now in Vuaban walk of side walks, and are more actice most of the citizens like it that way. which that is a good way to get over car is to use bikes, skateboards, and ect. So that people can be more active, and social. It is also good that they do that so they can get a exercise than just sitting in a car, and driving to a location.

the advantages of limiting car usage is that it help prevents harmful chemicals and gases thar are bad for the air we breath because if we keep polluting the streets with cars those harmful and deadly chemicals, and gases go to the atmosphere and come back to us as air we breath, and those are not good things to put in your body. The cause of over populated cities like in paris, or bogota have cause alot of smog. So now what they have to lower the smog is that they have days when they dont drive cars, and that if you rode a car you would get fined. In Colombia Bogota they have time where that the people didnt mind not driving cars, and they would hike, bike or even take the bus.

To end off the advantages of limiting car usage is that it helps the envirorment to stay healthy, help bring people together and make them more active by taking bikes, skates, and ect. and also cars have harmful chemicals, and gases that is bad for the air we breath.    