Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Teacher should not assign project during summer break because students will forget and will become stressed out, students may have other summer actives such as Generic_School sports or camps, and all in all students just need a break away from learning.

To begin, students should not be assigned summer project because students will forget and will become stressed out. We as students assume a lot from our teacher throughout that 11 months we are in school, we do not need a summer project during our three months of summer vacation. For example, my friend Generic_Name, had to read two books and write a six page essay about each books, Generic_Name was so stressed due to the fact she forgot about the papers till the last month. Generic_Name had taken several vacation that summer with her family and never really had any down time to read and write a paper on the stories. This is a prime example of why students should not have summer project assigned to them. Another example of how summer projects could be stressful is, my brother Generic_Name. Generic_Name had to write a play for English and didnt get reminded about it till the day before school was back in. Generic_Name stressed himself out to the point where he had to go to the ER because it was so my stress of trying to get his summer assignment done on time. Summer project can be very stressful on many students and also many students may forget about it.

Secondly, students should not be assigned summer project because they may have other summer actives planned. For example, my friend Generic_Name, had a lot of actives and things should wanted to do over the summer such as, getting a job, playing sports, and taking trips. Generic_Name could not fit all that and school work in her plans. Generic_Name of course did not want to start off the school year with a bad grade but she also had some personal things she wanted to achieve that summer. PROPER_NAME made some adjustments to her summer plan so that she could get the work done but had to miss out on getting a job this summer. We as students all have things to do just like adults. For instant, my mom as a child was the oldest sister and had to always watch her younger siblings when her mom was at work. "Watching younger kids may be difficult sometimes," she said even with the very little down time she had she wanted to go out with friends and play basketball. The school work that was assigned to her took away her time of doing what she loved when she was not watching her siblings. Summer assignment take over kids summer that why we should not be assigned them.

Lastly, students should not be assigned summer project because they need a break from learning all in all. We as students are always told, " you learn something new each and everyday." Learning take place in our everyday life. For instant, students with jobs learn how to do mental math when customers purchase something. Learning does not just come from our teachers, we are taught by just the people we are around during our summer break. Summer break should be our time to have fun and do what we want, not having to deal with a school project. Another example students just need a break from learning is that we are in school for a 11 months, we assume a lot of great information from our teachers throughout that time period. We as students should not have to have a assignment to keep us learning, we learn from each other and many other people in this world. These are some of the reasons students do not need assignments over summer break.

In conclusion, some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Students do not need projects over summer break because students will forget and will become stressed out, students may have other summer actives planned, and all in all students just need a break from learning.I personal feel like students learn enough in the 11 month that they are in school. Summer projects is just something that getting in the way of students having fun and letting loose once in a while.Summer break should be our one time to forget about school for 3 months, lets keep it that way!