A UFO lands in your front yard. Apart from the screaming, you hear beeps and boops. You turn to the side and see an Alien standing in your doorway. He opens his mouth and a loud alarm sound comes out. You open your eyes and then realize it was all a dream. That's the only reasonable explanation for you seeing a UFO or an alien. To this day scientist have not encountered signs of life on any other planet. So what makes you think aliens could have created the face on Mars?

Two decades and a half ago scientist discovered a face like shape on Mars. It was about two miles long. Scientist claimed it was staring at the cameras, but there was nothing surrounding it. No power tools, or hammers, not even a few sculpting tools. How would aliens create such a thing? With alien-y tools? Magic powers maybe? No, because it was a natural formation. Scientist figured out it was just another Martian mesa, which are frequent around the Cydonia. According to the article the only thing different about this one was that it "had unusual shawdows make it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh." Which made people go wild.

When Mars' face started its fifteen minutes of fame it became a beloved "pop icon." It was featured in movies, books, and radio talk shows. It "haunted grocery checkout lines" for years. That is when people, mostly conspiracy theorists, started thinking "What if aliens formed it?" Some scientist even started to believe that it was an alien artificat. So more research was done. Scientist took more pictures, which were ten times sharper than the first ones, and stutdied them. Discovering, the obivious, that it was a natural landform.

There was dissapointment all over the place, not only for the people, but scientist too. It was a mesa, a natural landform. It was even compared to the "MIddle Butte in the Snaler River Plain of Idaho". Since then the popularity of the face has gone downhill. Maybe one day it'll resurface on the social media as a funny meme that teens will talk about for two weeks. Tragic.       