Do you believe in aliens? Do you think that aliens made The Face on Mars? Well let me tell you, they didn't. It resembles traits of natural landforms that we on the Earth have too. Do you see where I'm coming from?

Yes, I understand it's' a planet we haven't been on yet don't you get that, they could have perfectly normal things just like the Earth that happen every day. Do you understand now?

No?, well on April 5, 1998, when Mars GLobal Surveryor flew over Cydonia for the first time and the MOC team snapped a picture ten times sharer than the origina Viking photos. It is a real landform that was caused by natural things that happen, it was no alien monument. It is very hard to get to the face in space because our teams have to go different places, we have to look at different things.

I see your point of view though, I get that MOC could have gotten the picture wrong, but you see it was ten times as sharper than it had been years before. Yes, it was cloudy to and that could have caused some major differnces comapred to when it is sunny. The "alien markings could have been hidden by haze", you never know though, but we don't make it over the face very often, it's hard to get a better view from it.

The picture could have been photoshopped to make it look different, I know its in the late ninety's but it wen tto a Jet Propulsion Lab where the face started to apppear into a face. Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common arounf Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptain Pharoh. It was a good way to engage the public attraction to Mars. It became an icon in mocies, books, talk shows, it was every where for 25 years. Many scientists believed it was important to NASA and very few believed it was an alien artifact, after eighteen long years the Vikining mission was over.

Do you believe me now when I say that aliens didn't create this face on Mars? It is very posible that they did but, not very likely that they did. You have to look at the facts that it might actually be a natural landform, this argument could go either way but again look at the facts and how we got a ten times sharper look at it and how Mars works, it could work the same as Earth and we don't consider Earth to have aliens on it, we don't blame aliens on our land features. Every planet is different and Mars could turn out to have storms and earthquakes and tornados just like we do on Earth, just remember that next time you think that aliens are real, look at all the facts, ALL the facts and then make your decision.   