I think that yes if there was driverless cars that not just a couple people should have them everyone should. If there was someone that did not have one of these cars they would be at a higher risk of someone wrecking. The laws on speed limits would definetly change. There would be a bunch more laws besides thatone that would change as well. People would act different one the road knowing who is responsible.

I mean if your driving one of these smart cars and someone else dosn't have one and they wrecked into you it would not be good. There would be a big debate about this and who would be to blam. The companies would have too much money so you could not sue them. Your attention would imidietly turn on the driver of the other car the company would have your back then. Those people should not have to deal with it if that is the case the company should.

It would be nice for everyone to have one of these because drunk driving issues would go down. wrecks would be less common if the mechanics work on the cars they provide. Companies think to much of money so that would be the only problem. I mean sure they wold not make as much money as they would like to but people would be a lot more safe then they are. The money they make should go to the coverage of peoples cars.

Another problem I would have with this is would you be able to get to your job on time? If you have a certain speed limit and or if yor car stops working what are y going to do. I think that if you get this car everything should have to be covered by the compaies you buy it from. Some states are already trying to ok all of this through way higher powers than they should. They should have a system on the car that explains why your late.

One of my last concerns is if the future generations would still know how to drive. I mean if they don't know how the car works than what is the point of it. I think that anyone who gets one of these cars should have to take driving courses one a year for a week. They can take them any day they choose as long as it adds up to a week out of the year. The car is not the only problem think about the roads next.