So to start here is a letter to my state senator, in which I argue in favor of keeping the electoral college or changing to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. The electoral college is a process, not a place. The electoral college process consists of the selection of the electors. The electoral college consists of 538 electors. In the 23 Amendment of the constitution, the district of columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated  like a state for purposes of the electoral college. For this reason, in the following discussion, the word "state" also refers to the district of columbia. Next, each canidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors.

The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party,but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are.

The president election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. Also, most states have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential canidate . However, Maine and Nebraska each have a variation of "proportion representation".

Abolishing the electoral college! But don't worry they're not alone; according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore.

Thanks to the quirks of the electoral college, which won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voterswould prefer a direct election to the kind we have now.

Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president.

You might not know this so if you dont here is something very interesting for you to know. Who are the electors? Well they can be snoyone not holding public office. Here's something eles you might know, Who picks the electors in the first place? well here's the answer it depends on the state. The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor.

The American people should consider themselces lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for must more. consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and thats those electors could always defy the will of the people. Black in 1960.

Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the hose of representatives, where state deegations vote on the president. Okay to end my letter, my con conclustion is that this is my letter to my state seator.     