My oppinon on driverless cars is that i dont like it. It just makes it more easier for people to not do anything. Even drunk drivers wont get pulled over anymore because they would have that to drive them. Cops cant do their job of pulling people over anymore after they do this so cops might loose jobs cause they would have driverless cars. No one would be buyong cars anymore because of it fuel would be used half as much for it. Televison and movies have been fasinated by cars that could drive their selves. Under specific occasions google has had cars driving since 2009. Their cars have been driven more half a million miles without a crash. They arnt truely driverless yet they alert the driver when they need to take over the wheel when traffic is really badd or going through road work. Futurists believed the key to developing self-driving cars someday isnt just the smart cars its smarter roads. How much smarter did the cars ned to be? in the 1980s automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. within a decade those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out of control skids or rollovers. The information from the sensors could make the car apply brakes. In 2013 BMW anounced the development of traffic Jam Assitant the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph,But speacial touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. They can steer in traffic and other road construction. This necisates the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem has occured. Why would anyone want to drive driverless cars,because its easy on you and you dont do anything anymore since they did this. Displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over something not to the drivers trying to text with a cell phone. In this way the In car system is actually a safety feature, and saftey is a big concern. Most driving laws focus on getting the passengers,drivers,and pedestrians safe and let know the law makers that in these cars are safety. Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time. Mercedes benz,audi,and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020. The road to the truly autonomous car streches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destination.