In my opinion, driverless cars are a good idea. Having driverless cars can help us in many ways, including preventing crashes, and increased safety. However, driverless cars can also hinder us because technology can always fail, which could have catastrophic consequences.

Firstly, numerous crashes can be prevented. General Motors once created a concept car that ran on a track, therefore creating smarter roads instead of smarter drivers. The only forseeable problem with this is that it would be extremely expensive to redo all of the roads in the country. Another way that crashes can be provented is by improved sensors. Google modified a Toyota Prius with many new sensors, the most important being a spinning 3-D sensor on the roof that scans the surrounding area to see the road conditions. This scanner can inform you if a car is coming at you way to fast and inform you if you need to sspeed up or slow down, or it can have the car do it for you. Both of these are adequate reasons to standardize driverless cars.

Another reason that driverless cars are a good idea is that they improve people's safety. As previously mentioed, the improved sensors will increase safety. There are all kinds of sensors that sense all different things such as the 3-D sensor, position estimating sensors, GPS reciever, and many more. all of these sensors can tell you if you're to close to the edge of the road, if you have a caar in your blindspot, if you're driving to fast, or to slow, the road conditions, and many other things. All of these sensors are so helpful in informing your car upon what to do to keep you and your family safe. Also, driverless cars take away distracted driving. Recently, a friend of mine recieved a text, picked up his phone to reply, and ran over a trash can. Imagine if that trash can had been a child, or a car containing you and your children. If he had a driverless car, then he would not have hit that trash can, in fact he would never run over anything again. Having driverless cars would infrease the safety factor for everyone.

On the other hand, having driverless cars could be a bad thing. Technology could fail, leaving a catastrophic mess in its wake. The GPS system could misjudge a distance, causing the car to turn to soon, and run headlong into a building, killing people inside. Another thing is that the self-driving system could fail all together, leaving someone who doesn't know how to drive eiter stranded, or having to drive themselves. Therefore, driverless cars could be a bad thing.

In essence, driverless cars can be both good and bad for mankind. They can reduce the liklihood of crashing, and increase safety, but the technology can fail, and harm many people.