Dear Principle,

Students should do community service, but community service should be done due to the goodness of someone's heart, not due to the force of someone's hand. What do you expect to accomplish by forcing students into work? We have child labor laws for a reason. And if you try using community service as a punishment people wont listen. They wont listen, and they wont care. Now yes i understand that maybe some dictators through out history may have needed to take a step back and really see how their environment was hurting and try to change it. But why did most tyrants in history become tyrannic? As children they felt like everyone was against them, they felt closed off from everyone else, and maybe that wouldn't have happened if the home that they grew up in, and the town that they were raised in was cleaner and safer.

For example look at Josef Stalin, who killed more people than Adolf Hitler. Josef had a tough childhood, he had to fight just to stay alive. He earned everything he gained. But after he became the man who had everything he started turning into the man who lost everything. Now I am not a fan of the practice of communism, but the idea of it is great. No one should be turned down due to economic problems. Everyone deserves a good opportunity.

Some people just cant help if they start out with a disadvantage. But sooner or later everyone has a chance to make something of themselves.

Whether their chance be a job, an education, a family, or a military service to their country. Everyone has a chance to mean something to someone. I mean isn't that what we all want, to matter? Some people have stronger drives for glory than others. Look at Achilles for instance, he wanted his name to live through the ages, and he knew that the Trojan War would help him with that. But with glory always comes retribution. Fame and demise have gone hand in hand through out history. So basically what I'm trying to say is that community service is only used so that people with disadvantages should be able to acquire those advantages, but no matter where someone comes from, what race or creed they belong to, everyone is a product of their environment.

From: STUDENT_NAME