Taking one's own advice may be beneficial when common sense is involved, but seeking multiple opinions helps one make a better choice. People depend on other's gratification and it feels great when someone likes the outcome of a decision. In order for this to happen, one should ask multiple people for advice and shouldn't only take their's. When I take my own advice, it is often biased towards what I want, and I don't necessarily see all points of view of the decision I have to make. Taking my own advice is beneficial in situations where common sense is used and in situations where I have no one to to ask, such as logical situations or doing school work.

With more important decisions that go beyond common sense, seeking multiple opinions avoids bias, leads to multiple perspectives, and opens up new possibilities.

When someone seeks advice, they should ask multiple people because it ensures them that their choice will be least biased. People should avoid bias because some opinions may not benefit them and may only benefit the person who is giving the piece of advice. When people ask for advice, each person they ask most likely has a different opinion. When all these opinions are considered, the chance of bias is reduced. When someone takes their own advice, they may have a slight inclination to go for what they want to do, and they may not consider all options. For example, I have a decision to make of whether or not I want to move for my father's work to Generic_City. I only considered my own preferences for a while, and I automatically said that I didn't want to go. I refused to leave my friends, my school, my routine, and everything else that makes my life splendid here. When I finally decided to hear what my parents had to say, my choice became less biased. My parents helped me see the benefits of moving, which I had not thought about because I didn't want to think that I would enjoy moving. In addition they helped me see it in their point of view, which leads to the next point.

Talking to more than one person when faced with a difficult situation leads to multiple perspectives. With each person one asks for advice, there is ridiculously small chance that they would all have the same exact opinion. Each person is different and has a new perspective of the dilemma. Seeking advice from my parents would yield different perspectives than if I ask my friends or siblings. For instance, when I talked to my friends about the possibility of me moving to Generic_City, they were disappointed, as expected. They didn't want me to move, and they didn't want me to leave them. When my parents talked to me about moving to Generic_City, I was able to see it in their perspective. To them it would be a fabulous opportunity to study abroad, meet new people, learn a new culture, and visit a wonderful country. This new perspective opened me up to the idea of living in a completely different country.

Last but not least, seeking multiple opinions may open up new possibilities that should be considered when making a decision. Each person one talks to may offer a different alternative to the decision at hand. This leads to an array of new and sometimes worse options. When talking to my parents about moving to Generic_City, they told me that moving to Generic_City now would be the most beneficial because if we didn't move before high school, we would probably have to leave in the middle of the school year later on. In addition, some friends helped me see that moving to Generic_City would open an entirely new set of doors. My brother fantasized about the enjoyable vacations we could have and meeting new people at a new school. The more people one talks to, the more opinions they get, and the more opinions they get, the more options they hav to make the best choice.

Crucial aspects of making a good choice are avoiding bias, seeing the decision through other people's perspective, and considering all options. Seeking advice from multiple people leads to all of this, making asking people for advice an important task to do when faced with a choice to make. Avoiding bias aids in making a decision to which the outcome is beneficial to all concerned. New perspectives helps to consider how everyone feels about a choice. Finally, considering all options and outcomes makes for an easier time deciding which choice is better overall. Even when making petty choices that most people make each day, such as choosing what to eat and what to wear, people may benefit from a bit of advice. The world would be a wonderful place if everyone asks someone for advice before doing something that could change the course of events. Choices wouldn't be irrational, and petty fights wouldn't break out and start arguments or wars. All it takes to make a good decision and to be satisfied by the outcome is to talk to people and ask for their opinion. What is so difficult about this?