Dear Principal,

Do you know that many students at this school have an average grade of a C?

Many of these such students are athletes at this school, and some of them participate in other extra-curricular activities as well.

I support the policy change of requiring students to have at least an average grade of a B in order to play sports or participate in other activities because the purpose of school is to learn and be successful, time spent doing extra activities should be spent on work if they are not receiving good grades, and being able to participate in sports and other activities should be a reward for getting good grades.

To begin with, the whole point of going to school is to learn and get good grades so that you can be successful later in life.

If students are not focusing on their work and only on sports and other extra activities, then they are defeating the purpose of school.

Students who have a grade average of a C should focus more on learning in school before they worry about playing sports or joining other clubs at the school.

If the policy was changed so that students could only participate in sports or other activities if they had a grade average of a B or higher, then you would insure that they were coming to school and learning and staying on track to becoming successful later in their lives, not just coming to school to play sports or participate in extra-curricular activities.

In addition, if students have an average grade of a C and are playing sports or are partaking in other extra activities, then they should use the time they spend doing these to complete their homework, study, or finish other work in order to increase their grade.

Students who have a grade average of a B or higher can spend time doing other activities because they are keeping up on their work and studying, they earn the right to participate in other undertakings.

Last but not least, changing the policy of having to have a grade average of a B rather than a C would make playing sports or joining other activities a reward for hard work and good grades.

Being able to participate in extra-curricular activities should be an accomplishment that students have to work hard for.

They should not be allowed to blow off school and their grades and still have the chance to play sports or other activities.

In conclusion, changing the policy to participate in sports and other activities to having an average grade of a B instead of a C should be done.

This would require students to have to focus on the purpose of school, learning, before anything else.

Also, if students have a grade of a C, then they should have to spend the time they would use for sports or other activities to raise their grade.

Finally, being able to participate in sports and other activities should be a reward for working hard and receiving good grades.

As you can see, this is a policy change that should be made, as the opportunity to play sports and partake in other extra-curricular activities should be earned, not given.