There is alot of advantages to limiting cars. Is there disadvantages? Yes, there is, but limiting cars can also be dangerous, well because the Law Enforcements needs cars and so does the Fire Department or even hospitals. The Law Enforement needs cars to catch criminals faster, and the Fire Departments need cars so they can save us from fires and to save cats from trees, how do they even climb up there? who knows, and the hospital needs them to save patients or to get them to the hospital faster so doctors can save them, but i personally think its a great idea to have limited cars.

First of all alot of people would lose their jobs due to limited cars, such as mechanics, car dealers, etc. mechanics will go out of business because of no business and so will the car dealers, and if cars dealers dont sell many cars, the company might go out of business too, but its good because they might think of building better cars like the hybrid so we wont have much pollution or wont have to use natural gas. In the suburbs of Germany 70 percent of Vauban's families dont own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move there. "when i had a car i was always tense. Im much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter a resident in the suburb.

Another advantage is that it is much more peaceful and quiet. "the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor" this sentence from the "Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" explains that it is very peaceful because theres no noise, no pollution and much more healthier people because they ride bikes everywhere and walk alot, and theres no pollution so theres probably people who dont have breath in nasty air of cars. Even the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities, and legislators are even starting to do the same.

People that have no cars most likely walk alot and ride bikes, or even run, well because of that the amount of stress people have is probably very low, because of low stress people are happier, and thats because excersize relieves stress and even reduce headaches or other health problems. Even the death rate will go decrease because there will less car accidents, and car accidents are the numer one reason of death and the United States. In Bogota they were in their third year where cars were banned but only buses and taxis were permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of 7 million. Their goal is to promote alternative tranportation to reduce nasty smog and violators faced a $25 fines, the turnout of this was large, despite the gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers. "The rain hasnt stopped people from participating," said the Mayor of Bogota

In conclusion the advantages of limited cars are great and the people of Car-less cities or areas are much happier without them, people are healthier, less stressed and even have less health problem due to it, but who will save the cats from climbing trees? maybe they wont climb it because of no pollution or scary car noises.    