Dear State Senator,

I personally think that we should not have the Electoral College , because the citizens should be allowe to pick our president and vice prsident. It should be up to the people not the congress. According to paragraph three of source one , the Electoral College consist of five hundred and thirty-eight electors . A canidate has to earn two hundred and seventy of those votes . To me that is not right . Why spend time bringing these people in to vote when you have a whole state full of people who wants to have a voice in the matter.

Also the congress does not know what the people want . So if you pick a canidate and he is not what the people what he may be planning to blow up the world . The citizens of the United States know what they wan in a leader and they know what they look forward to in the future . By letting congress select our president your not letting us speak for our self and that is wrong .According to paragraph fifteen of source three ,Electoral College  is widely regarded as an Anachronism and needs to bee overruled which i strongly agree with . Also in paragraph sixteen of source three, it states that citizens choose their representative and they trust them to pick the right person but that trust is often betrayed , So why would you keep having this election ? Soon enough people are going to stop caring .

According to paragraph eleven of source two , The electoral college is a waist of time and it is not needed because people are starting not to care and are not even choosing their own canidate . They are not liking who their state chose and they dont care because state legistlatures are responsible for picking electors anyway . Some states choose two slates and send them to congress ,Like Hawaii did in 1960,Things like this is why we dont need electoral colleges . What if it happens again ? or What if there is a tie ?

In an electoral college every state could only cast one vote . So they have one represntative for lets say five hundred thousand voters .That doesnt make any sence at all . How come everyone doesnt vote for who thy want by themselves ? Maybe someone whats a president frome another state instead of their own .According to paragraph fourteen , It states that the electoral college is unfair , outdated and irrational and i agree one hundred percent . As Bob Dole Says Abolish the Electoral College .

In closing i hope you will view in my favor and in everyone elses who says this type of system is old , unfair and it needs to be ruled out . I thank you for reading my letter and i hope you enjoyed hearing about what i think . It was a pleasure writing to you and i really hope you take my opinion into consideration . Thank you again and have a wonderful day .

Sincerly ,

PROPER_NAME          