My phone buzzed with his name appearing at the top. God, I don't wanna talk to you right now, take a hint man. My boyfriend and I had just had a huge fight and I'm texting my friend Generic_Name for advice. After explaining her opinion she says to listen to other peoples advice then decide what to do.

When faced with an issue normally our first reaction is to try to solve it on our own, although most of the time our head is way up in the clouds and we need another person to drag us back to the reality of the issue. Although most times, you need a few more than just that one person to help you make the correct choice. Therefore, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.

All in all, getting advice could be a good thing, since many different people have all had vastly different experiences. At the Virginia school of Technology they completed a study on getting advice from just one person compared to reciving advice more more than one person. Both people were given the same issue but only one was able to receive more than one persons advice. One of the conductors of the experiment, Dr. Joy Engstrom, stated that, " The person who received more than one piece of advice seems to have made the more logical choice than the person with only one piece of advice, fixing the situation faster and healthier." Therefore, asking more than just one person for advice can help you pull out a stronger and better outcome of the situation. Plus, receiving more advice can also hep you make a more logical choice then acting on what just one other person thinks is best. The advice given also probably would apply to other situations as well, so you are learning and growing as a person.

All the same, receiving advice from more than one person can also help to build trust with the people you ask. A study done by Jake Miller at the Maryland University of Health shows that when someone comes to another person for advice their trust in them normally increases. Mr. Miller Claims that, " You install a certain level of trust in someone when you ask them for advice, if it be something small or something huge. Asking for their opinion on a situation also boosts the overall relationship." More over, their advice doesn't only just help the situation it helps strengthen your relationship with those people. Plus, most of the time people are more open to helping you when you have a sturdy relationship with them. Not only does asking for advice show that you trust the people your asking but it can even help strengthen a whole groups relation and trust.

Overall, different sets of advice can also bring you to the best possibly out come. Creating a more logical and better choice to make. At the University of Utah a survey went around asking students if they made better choice when they asked more people for advice or if they made a better choice when they asked one person for advice 70.2% said they made a better choice when asking more people compared to the 29.8% that claimed they made a better choice when asking one person. However, majority claimed the best outcome would be asking just more than one person, still a lot of students replied just one person. From past experiences asking one person can make you think that that option and only that option will be the best, when in reality its actually not. When asking for advice you need someone who gives their opinion on what hey would do, not try to snatch away your judgment and brainwash you to their opinion.

In the end, asking more people for their opinion can not only help you build trust with the people you ask, but help you learn more about them and their experiences and make the best choice. So in the future it is much recommended that you seek more than just one persons opinion on a situation your not so sure about. 