One morning, Generic_Name the Pterodactyl hopped outside of his old nest. The nest has been in his family for generations but had started to wear down. The twigs were falling out left and right and they would poke him while he slept. Not to mention that it was located in a dangerous neighborhood. Generic_Name decided it was time to sell the old nest and move into a new one. He asked his pterodactyl friends where to move in. Generic_Name the Pterodactyl said, "you should move in with me and we could be roommates!" Generic_Name thought about it, but politely declined his friend's offer for Generic_Name was a messy house keeper and only played video games. He then asked Generic_Name the Pterodactyl who answered with, "I know a great realtor by the name of Generic_Name the Velociraptor." Later that day Generic_Name looked up Generic_Name on Boggle, the search engine for dinosaurs, and found that Generic_Name was a pretty sketchy realtor. Finally he asked his good friend Generic_Name the Pterodactyl for advice. Generic_Name was not only a good house keeper, but also knew the Jurassic Area pretty well. He told Generic_Name, "Make sure to look for nests that are in good neighborhoods and are in good condition." Generic_Name was a great help, and after many hours of research, Generic_Name was finally able to call another nest home.

Some people often ask for advice from multiple people (or pterodactyls in Generic_Name's case). Seeking multiple opinions on something can help give you clearer and better feedback, and can even help you decide for yourself.

The more trials you have in an experiment, the more accurate your results will be. Let's use Generic_Name for an example. If Generic_Name had only listened to Generic_Name, then he would be up to his ankles in empty potato chip bags and energy drinks. It was because he asked multiple pterodactyls, that he was able to get the right advice. This doesn't mean that Generic_Name was planning on being messy or that Generic_Name was trying to scam Generic_Name. They were just trying to be good friends. From a scientific perspective, when planning a science experiment, you would want to have at least three trials. This is because something out of the ordinary could happen in your first trial and that it usually takes at least three trials to recognize a pattern in the experiment.

If you are asking for advice - don't pick your favorite person. When I say this I mean people like your parents, your boss, etc. Although they could have good opinions, you might listen to them more than the other people who are trying to give you real feedback. Not only that but you don't want to have a person to lie to you and say that there was nothing wrong with your outfit or that your story didn't have confusing plot lines, when they both do. But on the other side of the feedback spectrum, don't pick someone who is going to crush your spirits. I once had a teacher in 6th grade that inspired me to learn more about the world's history and pushed me to learn. I even considered being a historian when I was older. Then, in 7th grade, I got a 72 year-old teacher who instead of having us learn about the Spanish-American War - stopped the whole class to look at pictures of his grandson. Don't get me wrong, I love looking at adorable picture of babies. But during the year, I lost my love for history and never thought about being a historian since. So what I'm trying to say is that you should pick someone you trust and that you respect and know that they will do the same for you.

Although seeking multiple opinions can be helpful, you should also go with your gut on things. Facts101. com says that your gut is right 85% of the time. I've been in the scenario multiple times where I circled an answer on a quiz, but convinced myself that I was wrong and circle another answer. So I turned in my paper when I was done and my teacher graded them. She gave them back and it turned out that I was right the first time! Whenever I need help deciding something I try flipping a coin in the air. Before it lands, I most likely all ready know what I want because I'm hopping for it to land on heads so I can go out with my friends instead of getting a early start on my chemistry project. If you ever need help deciding something try using this trick.

To sum up, seeking advice from multiple pterodactyls - I mean people, can give you better and more honest feedback, and can help you decide for yourself. So don't be afraid to ask for opinions because in the end it might just help you soar .

Get it? It's because pterodactyls have wings! Anyone??