Phones and Driving

The issue of driving while the person is on the cell phone and is a major issue in Georgia and all the other states of America. Many accidents are happening daily, and people are losing their lives. This way many fatal accidents happened, and even small kids lose their lives. The Law has been made in Georgia that requires hands free driving, that means people can drive and talk on the phone without touching the phone. The Law is still not as helpful as expected because many people ignore law, many people's mind is still distracted, and many people still use their hands for navigation. The first reason is many people are still ignoring the Law because the charges are very low, if they get caught the insurance rates are nit going to hike much for them. Auto correct mishaps are hiking, and people are texting, even if it is not legal. It is more dangerous than drinking and driving. The Law must be strict and have a penalty that must be $1000 dollars or get arrested. Just in case of emergency, driver should pull over and talk on the side if the road. The second reason is many people have stressful jobs and they attend a conference call or any stressful situations in the family front while driving. This can distract their mind from driving and even the hands-free driving Law can't be helpful to prevent car wrecks. In this situation, the law should be made very strictly that person can talk hands free for only few minutes and eliminates other conversations while driving, only important conversations should be allowed. This law can save so many pedestrians too, who runs into a car wreck daily. One example is of an old lady in Atlanta she was run over by a driver in the evening and he didn't even stop after words two weeks ago, according to the news. The lady ended up dying on the street right on the spot. The third reason I have is people do not talk over the phone always, but people can use their phone for navigation, music and apps. So those things are also distracting. The law should be made by the government that they can tract the minimum usage while driving and even if they must set up the navigation, they can pull over and do it. So, they can pull over to the side to use the phone and should be made on the interstate and the street. In conclusion, the usage of the cell phone in the car can't be eliminated totally, because cellphones are for emergency use. By only communicating important things and concentrate on driving it can turn into a car wreck and pedestrians can get into an accident.

Work cited www. m. driving-tests. org www. livescience. com                                                                         