Driverless cars, Whats my opionon on them, and some supporting details. Well first off, i dont really care if they are made or not, it's not my money or time being invested or devoted into them. Now i wouldnt say they are a good idea, but i will say i think they are a really cool project and concept, and i do and know they are out there.

Do i see issues with cars that can guide or drive themselves? Yes, i do, but did anyone see cruise control being a thing when it was first invented, i dont think so. Some major issues i see is law suits, and such when they are invloved in a accicent, such as who fault it is the driver or the computer, and what you can do if it is the computers fault. what if it kills someone? who gets blammed, and who goes to jail for the crime. What if the driver of the self guided car gets killed in a stand alone accident? Who knows.

I also see a issue of them releasing the car, and they'er being alot of unsolved issues, fatal ones, so i think it should go threw major and long and extensive testing, during snow conditions, dirt roads, high ways, city streets, alleys, sand, mud, tempture testing, impact testing, and long hours testing to make sure this thing is almost faultess, and insures safety for everyone.

I also see the benefits of this car, such as allowing the driver to relax and pay attention to other obstacles, and unseen objects etc. I see it allowing cars to hold lanes better, maintain safer speeds, and stopping impacts before they happen with the right technology. i see it making a incoventent travel more convenient, and making simple life task even easier then they were. It could also cut down on the careless drivers.

I do think it's a neat idea and a cool project that needs alot of time, and developement, but i dont wan't all human task, and responsibilties taken away. I don't wanna see the world turn into nothing, but robots, and automated machines. I want to see cool things, that are fun, and make life a little bit eaier, but still allow us to have do do things. Thats just my personal opionon.    