Limiting care usage is an advantage because some people were always tense when they had a car and now they're saying they're much happier without it. Vauban is an example of a growing trend in Europe, the United States and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called "smart planning". Automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middle-class families from Chicago to Shanghai tend to make their homes. And that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions tailpipes.. Passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe, and 50% in some car-intensive areas in the United States.

In the United States, the Envirornmental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities and legislatores are starting to act, if cautiously. Congestion was down 60% in the capital of France, after 5 days of intensifying smog... Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67% of vehicles in France, compared to a 53.3% average of diesel engines in the rest of Westen Europe. Recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer licenses as each year goes by. When adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis by Doug Short of Advisor Perspectives. As of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995.

Part of the explanation certainly lies in the recession, because cash-strapped Americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployed weren't going to work anyway. But by many measures the decrease in driving preceded the downturn and appears to be persisting now that recovery is under way. It will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the envirornment, since transportation is the second largest souce of America's emissions, just behind power plants. Companies like Ford and Mercedes are already rebranding themselves "mobility" companies with a broader product range beyond product range beyond the personal vehicle. With all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit..

New York's new bike-sharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities, as do a proliferation of car-sharing programs across the nation. There has been a large drop in the percentage of 16-to 39 year olds getting a license, while older people are likely to retain their licenses as they age. A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009... Bill Ford proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which pedestiran, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportaion traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety.

So in the end with all this information i think that limiting car usage is an advantage. It makes you explore more, get your excercise, try new things instead of always relying on a vehicle to take you somewhere. This information persuaded me and it made me realize what the gas from the car does to the Earth. this is the reason why the Earth and the air we breathe is so polluted because of whats in our cars and we dont even realize it. im definitely going to use it to my advantage i dont know about you....            