Everytime students hear the word school they all have a similar reaction: "why school." This reaction is due to the rigor of work school puts on students' backs and the repetition of constant learning. In order to give students time away, they are given three months of summer break which spans from June - August. During this time many kids choose not to continue learning and a negative effect of this is knowledge and memory decay. In order for their minds to be stimulized and conditioned to learn once school begins, schools are requiring students to complete summer projects. The summer projects should be designed specifically by students because they will be able to acquire knowledge in a way that interests them and express their ideas without being limited by a teacher, on the other hand teacher-designed projects would be beneficial to students because the content created by teachers is consistent with the content learned during the school year.

Summer projects should be designed by students because they will be able to acquire knowledge in a way that interests them. Being able to do something which one is passionate about results in the best work that he/she can produce, this is because learning is driven by motivation. When a teacher assigns something for the student to do, he/she does not have an eagerness to learn because of the fact that it is something they don't have a strong passion for. When students are given an opportunity to produce their own projects, their minds open up and they begin to think outside of the box, which results in true creativity. School is based on a set curriculum and students have no input on what they learn and how they learn it, as a result, students lack effort and motivation to learn. Giving students an opportunity to create will eventually lead to increased productivity in later life One example of this is when adulthood hits and students are required to develop a skill set. Students are never given the opportunity to learn individually and this causes students to become dependent on others to feed them knowledge and information, therefore, students will only learn when they are demanded to. Having the freedom to create will give students their best opportunity to learn, whereas when they are not able to design certain projects, their goal shifts from learning to completing which will result in the content not actually being analyzed and took in.

Not only does students designing their own projects give them a opportunity to pursue their interest, but it also gives them ability to express their ideas in a fashion which they are not pressured and limited by others. Students become boxed in boundaries due to the pressure of doing things a certain way and learning the way teachers tell them to. When students can design projects and learn in a way they believe is beneficial, learning becomes less of pressured task and more of a way to explore one's horizon. One thing students struggle with the most when completing assignments and projects is constant pressure. Students do not have the ability to express their ideas because they have to stick to an exact rubric. One of example of this is a science expo; many teachers tell the students what they should do for the project and don't give the students time to think about what interests them. This pressure of another voice constantly in their head makes learning and expression of ideas a struggle. In order for students to reach their full potential, they should be able to design in a way they are not boxed by others.

In contrast to student-designed projects, teacher designed projects also have a positive impact on students because of their ability to create content which is consistent with the content students learn during the school year. Thinking outside the box and being able to express ideas is very important, however, without teachers, students would have no path of what to learn and how to learn it because they do not have the experience and accumulated knowledge many teachers have. Teacher-designed projects would be beneficial to the students ability to learn during the summer because the content would be structured in way which is taught during the school year. An example of this is when a science teacher assigns a cell packet project which corresponds to the cell unit taught during school. This might be very boring for a student to learn, but doing this project will set the student up for success when school begins. If the student were to design their own project it would probably not be in line with the certain style of teaching which will cause the student to struggle during the school year. The main focus of teachers is to help students succeed in school and by designing these projects students will be able on the correct path to fulfilling that goal.

Summer projects should be student-designed because students will be able to learn in a way which interests them and express their ideas without limitations and pressure by a teacher, on the other hand, teacher-designed projects would be beneficial to students because the content created by teachers is consistent with the content learned during the school year. Being able to acquire knowledge and learn in way which interests one self is very important throughout his/her life, however there are different goals for both the student and a teacher. The teacher's goal is to help the student succeed in a certain class, whereas the students goal is to learn what they want in a way which interests them. Having the right balance is very important and this balance can be obtained by students designing their own projects in the summer and teachers guiding students during the school year. This method will result in individuality development and the teachers can lead the students on the right path throughout the school year. 