Cars are manufactured. They were designed to be put on this earth and be used by responsible drivers. Having no cars as a safeguarded transportable vehicle is like having your dices tossed on the dirt and you can't predict what you have. It's not define as smart decisions, this is considered by opinions. Individuals have dissimilar opinions on driving, whether it is dangerous to get behind the wheel or that it should be outlawed. Most can agree with the Mobile World Congress in the executive chairman, Bill Ford. His proper approach is to plan a business plan for a world that consider personal vehicle ownership is undesirable so they can put down emissions so it can improve safety. I don't buy it. Rejecting car culture is certainly the dumbest alternative decisions that anyone has to make. To provide reasonings to my strong point, brings me back to paragraph 36. It clearly states in bolded writing: ''With all these changes, people who stopped cars commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit....'' Furthermore, the demographic shifts in the driving population have strong trend that I can agree with. When you are fifteen, you can partake on the written and reading portion of driving and as you study your way to reach your goal, you get your permit. As you ascend your way into the online session and the real world test, you'll find yourself receiving a license as your ticket of permission to be behind the wheel by the law and by the state. Car ownership turnmoil is documented and caputred by the state due to it's nonfundamental implications that's truly not beneficial to those who rely on taking responsiblity for their actions. But if the decrease in measures that can be jotted down on paper proves that you have overestimated your duties and perogative that will not be catergorically denied before a state court or driving school. Once you lose your vehicle, it's not about banning the driving, this is about how to teach the driver on how can he or she be better the next time. Taking away driving privileges and sorts of public transportation will ease it's way to find itself in a world where nothing will be run by anyone.         