Sometimes school can be to much for a person. Students work five days out of the week. School can mentally over whelm one with a lot of work and response ability all at once. Thats why some people think its just best to do school online in stead of in person. More hours in the day for them to relax and give students a break.

First, school can be a lot on students now days. They have to wake up early in the morning just for them to deal with a lot of response ability. Students will always be tested mentally to work with tons of distraction going on at school and at home. Students dont want to go through with that with they already have enough of stuff on their plate. Thats just to much for the mind and body. Just think about this; one will have their mind tested five days out of a week right? About seven students out of every ten will have to work or babysit their little siblings. Its bad enough that they wake have to wake up so early in the morning just for their minds to just be pick up and played with. Then on top of that they have to leave from school with a lot of response ability like, homework,essay,projects, and etc. Then go home to more stuff. For example, babysit, chores, and taking care of pets. So its for the best if student just learn from a distance to take online class instead of going to school in person just to deal with tons of headaches. Like Forest Gump once said, 'life is like a box of chocolate you will never know what your going to get.'

Second, most of students play or want to play sports but they cant because of school taking away most of their time. once the time is gone you an never get back. If students didnt have to go to school there would be a lot more time for students to have to have fun and to enjoy the young life. If students are always on their phones then it shouldnt be a problem for them to do online classes. School really doesnt give us a break the work is non stop are minds keep racing like race cars on a race track. Yeah students have two days off from the week for school but that isnt enough time It would just be for the best if student just took online classes. Their would be more free time for them to have a happy life with less stress. Who wouldnt want that?

So ask your self would it be okay with students take online classes instead of in person?