Dear principal,

I think we should just have only a C or above to be able to go out for sports or other activities. I think this because if most students have a C then the team will have less people to support the team and if you don't have a lot of people on the team then the less the chance of that sport being able to compete. Also the less the people on the team the less chances of people going out for sports and not being able to do it. If they don't have many people with a B then they won't be able to do different activities or sports that they want to do. Plus the less people on the team the less chance the team will win. If everyone had a C then there wouldn't be anyone to be on the team and if nobody is on the team then the school won't be able to go out and verse other people. If the kids can't verse the less experience they will have for the future when they do get good grades to play sports. If the students have less experience then when they go to collage and join a sport they won't have a clue on how to play. If they don't know how to play then they won't make the team. If they don't make the team then they would be upset and could blame it on the school they went to. If they do that it would make the school look bad. Also the more experience that we have the better we will learn. If students could only have C and up to play they will have a better chance of getting into a good collage and joining a sport and getting to be on the team. Also it wouldn't be fair to the students to not be able to play sports and get a good scholarship to a sports collage and learn even more about the sport then they did when they where in school. Also if the students cant play sports and most people have C then there wont be to many people to go out for the team and then the coaches will barley have a team to have represent the school and hopefully win and put a good name to the school. Then their parents could be proud of them for how good they did on that sport. You should really consider these possibilities for the students future and how it would impact them when they go to collage, get a job, and have a family. I think you should only have people who have D's or below to not be able to play sports, but let the people who have a C and up be able to play sports. Just remember these ideas and how it could impact the future of those students and how they will live the rest of there lives wonder how to play that sport and teach there kid to learn that sport, but they wouldn't be able to do that if you do not change the grades to have them play sports cause of a grade rule that you put up. So let those kids with a C average play sports.

From,

One of your students.