Dear Principal,

Community work never hurts, Its something that would be good for our school. It s something that others will appreciate and when your done not just make you feel good because you helped someone but also make the ones you helped feel good. Some may say that's its a waste of time and they could be out having fun with there friends or going to parties and what not. But if they never know the feeling of accomplishment when it comes to that.

Have you ever went to the store and seem teens walking around in there PJs? And its 12 noon and you wonder '' well they sould be doing something better than that.'' I have and being a teen i have done it, and im not saying that all teens do it or its a bad thing im just saying they could be doing something better with there time like helping elders and if they don't think that's cool they could go to the park and clean it up, so they could hang there with there friends. It would kids off the streets hanging out and putting them to do something useful.

Have you ever wondered why most of the parks are dirty of why you don't really see students helping out there community? Well that's because you give them a choice to ether do community service or not to. If there lazy of course there going to pick not to due to the fact they don't want to go. But if they had to go more things would get done around the town because they would be helping. They would go clean parks, help the elder, little kids at schools, soup kitchens for the poor and many more. Its could really make a change to our community.

When you get older in life and you need a job or you want this collage to want you, then having community service will look good on your application for the collage/job and they will think ''Well they seem to care about there town to help out this much '' and by them knowing that you did this to help you will look good to them. Which in the long shot you will look better, then some of the others. Not just helping you out with collage or a job but skills in life. You might have learned something while doing your community service that helps you out when in a tough predicament that you come across.

I did community service a couple of times and i certainly learned new skills. I helped out elder and cleaned beaches it was fun to me and I believe that it would be good for our school to require community service not just for the town and people but for themselves to feel personal pride in that they did for there community and themselves. It would be a great thing to do for our school.

From,

STUDENT_NAME            