Dear Senator,

Electoral College is defined as a process. The Electoral college was founded by the founding fathers with the Constitution as an agreement between election of the president and by the popular vote of qulaified citizens. imsure you already know all of this , therefore i am here to inform you why Electoral College shouldnt be kept and popular vote should win. This is the citizens country so why should we have a leader that we dont even like? We all have the right of speech and of speeking for what we believe in. Last but not least why would the Electoral College get to choose our choice for us?

The United Sates is an independant country , therefore we should have the majority of the say in who we want to lead our country. say you're at a restraunt and they ask what you want on your hamburger your not just going to tell them to put what ever they want on it because then you wont like it, same situation just not with food. why would you want to live in a world with a leader you dont like, making choices you dont like eighter, everyone obviously wounldnt get their first choice because there has to be a winner and a loser. even if you lose thats better to say that you got a chance to say what you wanted it just didnt follow through.

We also all have the right of speech in the United States. What i mean by this is, we were all given a mouth by God for a reason. "A closed mouth wont get fed" so how would a closed mouth country get the correct leader they wanted? exactly they couldnt thats my point. if we speek were going to get a chance of getting more thought of when the decision is made, so if we were to all speek up the decision would be in our favor.

We all have a choice for diffrent things, some people like peanut butter, some people dont like peanut butter, some people are alergic to peanut butter. so say you hate peanut butter and you told the waitress your order and she said no youre getting a peanut butter sandwhich, you, hatin peanut butter, obviosuly wouldnt like that at all. Same sitauation here. Why would they let you say your choice in what you want then just tell you what youre going to get? its just not right and dsent add up.

Therefore i am a firm believer that it should be popular vote not by electoral college, and if you dont beliee that well you are making the wrong choice and letting other people make the choice up and speek for you. Use your voice. You dont have it for just no reason at all.                            