Have you ever heard about the thing that happened at NASA twenty five whole years ago? Well it was one of the biggest things that was a thing because they were figuring out if it was a real face or not. It was difficult but i'm pretty sure they found out about it even if it wasn't a face but were about to find out.

The face was a really difficult thing to focus on for as long as they did. I don't think they would've focused on it as much as they did if it wasn't so important to figure out honestly. It was just a shadow they saw out of plain sight while a spacecraft was circling around and then they suddenly saw a shady shadow and it looked like a human face. Only a few days later is when they showed the image they took of they shadow for everyone to see. The face begin to be known and everyone was soon to know about it after they reached out and posted the picture of the unknown face.

There was many obstacles to find out who's face it was. "Twenty five years ago something funny happened around Mars. NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling the planrt, snapping photos of possible landing sites for its sister ship Viking 2, when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face" (Unmasking the Face on Mars,1), This little bit of a paragraph tells us that basically someone was out just snapping pictures and found this. That's overly rare too have something like that happen.

Others might say that think it's all fake but in my prespective I believe that you can't just go and and discover that and it all be fake it's not happening and it never like that. I also believe that it would be hard to take a picture of that thing when you were supposed to do what you were supposed to do. Let people believe that it's "fake" but they have prove that's very specific that i cited in paragraph three. This is just beliefs and honesty now others might be different a lot might think different because no minds think the exact same all the time it's simply just what I believe.

All in all my beliefs are still the exact same I'm sticking to what I think is right. Everyone has their own opinion but if it would get bad because people think all differently this is just what I have on mind. The face in my eyes I believe was real because you can't just drop what you're doing and go take a picture of something that's totally fake. Everyone has their own opinion though and that's how I see it.  