''The electoral college is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens.'' The Electoral College is one of the most fair systems our society has set up. This process is fair and essential because it is is not the only determination, each state gets the correct amount of power, and it shows a clear winner.

The Electoral College does is not fully responsible for the outcome of the decision for our President. In the year 2000, this was proved, Gore had received more popular votes than Bush, yet fewer electoral votes. ''It is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote.'' The section of the nation that believes the Electoral College is unfair believes this because they assume all the power is in this system's hands. Yet they are mistaken because clearly our popular vote can override this system if necessary. Though it is very rare most will argue, the fact that it is possible to not allow the Electoral College to take control of our government proves that the power is really all in the hands of the citizens. Clearly, the ''unfair'' picture most perceive is largely mistaken.

The sizes of states in our country widely varies. From Rhode Island to Texas, we have power in Congress. It would simply not be fair if our small states had the same amout of power as our larger states. California has more of a population, therefore should have more say in Congress, than New Jersey. ''Your states entitles allotment of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation; one for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators.'' Just the way this is set up in Congress, the same amount of power for each state is applied for choosing our President for the next four years. This is only fair to the population of America and equal representation in all the sections of congress would be unfair to the larger states that obviously require and deserve more power than the smaller states in the United States. Basically, power is fairly given to each state under the Electoral College.

''The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast.'' Though this situation is rare, in 1968 when Nixon ran against Clinton, both had a total of 43 percent of the popular votes. Yet, because of the Electoral College, a clear winner was shown. If ever in case of this event, this ''pressure'' can complicate and make the choosing of the President way more difficult than it was planned to be. For this reason, our Electoral College sets up a way to take care of this if it was to happen again. Obviously, the Electoral College shows a clear winner and takes out any confusion or problems that could arise.

To conclude, our country is based off of fair rules and systems, one of them being the Electoral College. It is fair because it does not have full power, the right amount of power is applied to each state, and it produces a clear winner. ''Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an electio.''                    