In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents both the positive and the negative aspects of driverless cars. Therefore, the author never takes a side on the matter. This response will side with the argument of being against driverless cars. This is for the following reasons; driverless cars promote less disciplined actions with not only adults but with teen drivers. Second, automated cars would not benefit the economy, it would damage it even further. Finally automated cars put safety features at risk compared to having an abled-human to do the driving functions manually.

Driverless cars can promote less disciplined actions among teen and adult drivers. This assumption is made because, driving under the influence, as well as underage drinking are huge topics of discussion in today's society. Driverless cars would give these two groups of people an exscuse to commit these actions. They would no longer have to worry about the reproccutions of such crimes. Such as putting other's lives in danger or getting caught by the police.

Automated cars would not benefit the economy in any way. In fact, the cars could worsen the already bad financial situation America faces now. This is because of the following quote from the article. "Originally, many futurists believed the key to developing self-driving cars someday wasn't so much smarter cars as smarter roads." "These smart-road systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." These direct quotes further express to society that these automated cars require very new, very expensive roads.

Lastly, driverless cars put saftey features at risk compared to having an able-bodied human to do the functions instead. "Most driving laws focus on kepping drivers, passnegers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers." This quote speaks entirely for itself.

In conclusion, the best option for society is to not have driverless cars because, they promote less disciplined actions with teen and adult drivers, they would not benefit the economy, and finally these driverless cars put safety features at risk compared to having an able-bodied human to do the manual functions when presented them. 