The face on Mars was actually landform on mars and not a face if you still don't believe me I'll tell you some facts. In 1976 viking 1 was snapping pictures so that viking 2 could land while doing that it snapped a picture of a landform that looked like a face. Many people thought that it was a face but it wasn't. In 1998 they took another pivture but this time it didn't look like a face it looked more like a landform on the ground. Many people thought that the landform was created by aliens many others thought that it was made just like land forms on earth.

People still thought thet they were made by aliens many other people disagreed on it until 2001 when they took the final picture and they saw that it was actually a landform Garvin said that it reminded he of snake river of Idaho.

So after that happened mny people saw the truth about the face on mars and completely forgot about it. Some people still believe and talk about it but maybe those people are just the scientists trying to find out if there is more land forms that look just like the onein 1976. Many people say that they might find another one and start the arguement that it's an alien artifact or that it's just a land mass this time. Many other people study about this things and think they find out the truth about ehy this landforms look like faces. Even though some people think there is life on mars some might be true and some of it might be fake. Some people think there is aliens but maybe in another galaxy.

Many people might still think that mars landform was a sign form aliens and saying that they exist personally I don't think there is aliens in mars or any other planet in our solar system. That was just my idea about it I don't think my statement could be true. Maybe smart kid like a nerd would say " scientists who are studying this kind of martian studies could get results of a real life alien that could be roaming around earth". That's what I would think a nerd would say or maybe he might just say it even smarter than I said it, but that is my opinion I would like to hear about more peoples opinions on the face on mars. Even though many other people will just argue over that it was a face but maybe the aliens destroyed it or just abducted it like they do in boring fake movies of aliens but that's my opinion not you if you don't agree with me it's fine with me.      