I am certain that the Face on Mars is just a natural landform. It has many features, and it has many people concerned about it. The Face on Mars is a natural landform because it was spotted with shadowy likeness of a human, it resembles the human head, and it actually shows a Martian equivalent of a butte or messa.

This face has many features, including its shadowy likeness of a human. Just twenty-five years ago, something happened that was so hilarious. NASA's Viking one spacecraft were traveling around Mars, then it was spotted looking such as a human. It seemed to them that the face was just starring, just as if it was real. This suprised many of the analyzers.

After many experiments on the Face, they discovered that it is a resemblance of a human head. It is just like an illusion, of eyes, a nose, and even a mouth. According to some authors it would be a great way to engage the public and bring some attention to Mars. They finally realized that is has brung some attention! After that hilarious day it was featured in many magazines, books, and etc. This is a enormous way of saying that this face is very engaging and concerning.

According to Mars Global Surveyor, they flew over Cydonia and snapped a picture of the original Viking photos. The pictures showed that it was an actual natural landform. It wasn't appeared to be an alien monument after all this researching. Even after this stage, people still weren't satisfied with the evidence that they had came up with.

The Face shows a Martian equivalent of a butte or messa. After taking time and time again to review the face, it seems to just show a Martian that is equivalent to a butte or messa. " It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho, " says Garvin. Which is a dome with lava that is in the form of a set apart messa, but is the same height of the Face.

As a result, the Face is a natural landform. It has a shadowy likeness of a human, it resembles the human head, and it shows a Martian equivalent of a butte or messa. Research has shown that this isn't just an alien monument after all. There can be more thinking to this, can it? Its just a natural landform, which shows a Martian to represent Mars.                 