It's the Tuesday after the first Monday in November, can you guess what it is? It's election day! Every four years, nearly every person in America will vote to choose a new President, or do we? Yes, we live in a democracy where we can vote for who runs out country, but do we really make the descision? The Electoral College is a phase where electors, of a candidate running for president, come together and decide for who is the President, Vice President, and include the countings of the electoral votes from Congress. The person who runs for President has a select group of people known as electors, which are typically chosen by that person's political party. Is this who we really vote for, and is it fair? This should be eradicated.

By using the Electoral College, we don't directly vote for our own President. We vote for his/her's electors. It's them who really choose who leads us, not us! In "What Is the Electoral College?" it states that "...when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors," meaning we aren't actually voting for a President, just his/her's electors. It could literally be anybody, not holding public office. This is not a direct way for us to vote for who makes the descisions around here. In "Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," it claims that "...over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." Sixty percent said that! That's incredible.

The electoral votes are just unequal. The states that are bigger would obviously get more electoral votes than, let's say Maryland. California would have more votes than Maryland because it i smuch bigger. The House of Represenatives has its own unique way of handling that, and they're going just fine, we don't need another. It just isn't reliable, the numbers and percentages would be all boggled up. This country is based on equality and liberty. and there is no equality in this.

The Electoral College is much too confusing. Sometimes voters could be discombabulated about who it is they are voting for. Sometimes voters can't control who the electors vote for. This is both confusing and frustrating for anyone who thinks they voted for someone great, but the electors change that. In "Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," it says that "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president.", meaning that we don't choose for ourselves, they do.

Some could say "its anarchy", or that "its not democratic", which could be true. In "In defense of the Electoral College...," it states that "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee...however it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote." This means that even though you vote for a person, it's probably a fifty-fifty chance your person will win. It does also help release the stress of worrying about a run-off election, and avoids the problem where no candidate receives a majority of votes that has been cast.

The Electoral College is not the best way to vote in our beautiful country. It can be decieving and confusing. Though it may have one or two advantages, the list of things that can go wrong with it are of plenty. It is unfair, and could turn nasty. It should be abolished. Make America more equal.    