Making Mona Lisa Smile

Mona Lisa is 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted and 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. Mona Lisa is a Painting that is drawn by the use of color painting and other handful material, when humans are drawing with their hand and feelings it shows the facial expression and emoyion of the drawing. Technology cannot be used to express humans feelins or emotions, even with what is installed in it.

With the use of technology, the facial expression and emotion of Mona Lisa and even other drawing emotions and feelings cannot be expressed because technology has no feelings or emotions, also emtoins cannot be calculated, "Hold on! Can we actually "calculate" emotions-like math homework? And how can a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel?".

Technology cannot express feelings to human, so it cannot be used to calculate human emotional expression.

In technology, the human muscles, 3-D computer model of the face and all major humans muscles are installed in the computer, "The process begins when the computer constructa 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. Movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit". Technology should not be use to paint or even draw because technology cannot express human feelings and behavior. The use of technology to read emotions expressions of student in the classroom is not valueable because technology can never calculate the feelings or expression of humans.

In conclusion to the use of technology to calculate humans emotional expression. Technology cannot calculate humans expressions because humans emotion and facial expression varies from time to time and based on what there are seeing and feeling at the moment, so technology cannot calculate human expressions. If technology can calculate humans feelings the our phone or other electronics devices should have been able to tell us where we want to go to at a particular moment, and be able to know when calls should come in or not.