Dear Mr. Senator, electoral college is a process that consists of selecting electors,meeting of the electors where they vote for the president and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. electoral college should not be changed to election. electoral college should be kept because it will help save the tress by saving paper, one wouldnt have to go anywhere because the electoral college is not a place,and because there are 5 different methods of choosing the president.

saving paper is extremely important. paper comes from trees and many animals and wild life have homes in trees. with electoral college one wouldnt need paper to vote, which is a paper saver. the electoral college helps a lot when it comes to selecting electors,metting of the electors and where they wil vote for the president, and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. by saving gas one is saving money which can be used for any nessessitites.

gas now a days is extremely expensive,but with the electoral college one would be saving money because the electoral college is a process, not a place, and it doesnt require one to travel anywhere,whch saves gas and money. with the oney saved one can buy the nessessities that are needed. the electoral college offers a lot by just being a process. it helps save paper and money,whch is good for wild life and humans.

when it comes to methods for choosing the presisent and reasons to keep the method there isnt just 1, theres 5! the first method is that certainty of outcome.. it states that a dispute over the outcome of an elecotral college vote is possible and it happened in 2000,but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. a winning candidats share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. for example, in the elections that happened in 2012, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney, b ecause almsot all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis,ev en a very slight. method number 2 is everyone's president. the electoral college requires a presidental candidate to have trans-regional appeal. no region(south,northeast,etc)has eneough electoral votes to elect a president. method 3 is swing states. the winner-take all method  of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates-as we saw in 2012's election-to focus their campain efforts on the toss-up states. voters in toss-up states are more likely to poay more attention to the campain-to really listen to the competing candidates, knowing that they are gouing to decide the election. method 4 is big states. the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population0 losy by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the senate decreed in the consitutuion. mthod 5 is avoid run-off elections. the electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast.

Mr. senate you should keep electoral ollege because it saves paper,saves gas and because it shows us the 5 methods that should be used for choosing the president. the electoral college offers a lot to wild life and also to humans by savikng trees and gas, which saves us humans money that one can spend on nessessities.                                                 