When you ask someone for advice on something do you try to get a second opinion? Well if you have not I bet not getting multiple opinions is not the best choice to make because its smarter to get multiple. Say even if the other opinions are not something you would want or do it is still smart to get because they could help but they wouldn't effect you if they do not help. so why not get the second or maybe third opinion on something it will only help. Some reasons you should find a second opinion on something are that you are getting multiple different people who have different experiences and opinions so you have many to choose from, if the first person gave you bad or false info getting a second opinion could help, and if you are playing a sport and your getting a doctors opinion on an injury getting a second opinion could keep you playing or help you big.

The first thing I will talk about is how getting multiple opinions gives you lots of things to choose from. If you just get one opinion on something then you are only have one thing to go off of but if you have multiple than you can choose which one you think is best. This means a lot because the first opinion might not always be the best one for you. So go and get that second,third or maybe fourth opinion it won't hurt it will only help and you have many different people with different experiences in there life to help you. For example you could ask someone who dose not have much experience in what your asking but then if you get a second opinion they could help you because maybe they have had experience with it sometime in there life. So if you would have just got the one opinion it might not have turned out good as it would if you got that second opinion. So just getting one opinion may not be the best choice.

Next lets talk about how you could get false or bad information from someone so getting a second opinion could help. Well not everyone you ask could have the right information, some could be telling false or just bad information. So getting other opinions could come in big for you if the first opinion was not very good. For example if you are trying to get a opinion on what you should buy a family member for a gift and you only get one opinion and they say that the person likes something but they really don't then that could be pretty bad for you. I don't think you would be to pleased either if that happened so just get a second opinion so everyone can be happy. Also sometimes the opinion could just be really bad and not help you at all. So do your self a favor and get multiple opinions.

Finally I will finish off with what i think has the most impact on someone which is if you play a sport then getting a second opinion is huge especially if it deals with an injury. When athletes get injured they get an opinion from the doctor if they think they should get surgery or whatever and most of them go to other doctors for more opinions to find there best option. This helps them a lot because some doctors could say they need surgery but then others they go to could say that they won't need surgery and that they just need rest or physical therapy or something. sometimes the doctors will even say they might need career ending surgery but another doctor says that he can still play after a surgery he just need to recover. As you can expect that other opinion helps big time for them so they won't have to possibly end there career. Or it could be the other way around that one doctor says he dose not need surgery but other doctors do then he should go with surgery so whatever is hurting does not get worse and force him to stop playing. For example a couple of weeks ago there was this pitcher in baseball that got injured and was going to doctors to see if he was okay one doctor said he would need Tommy John surgery which usually puts you out for a whole season and he didn't want that so he went to two other doctors who both said he wouldn't need it so that saved him from missing a entire season which helps him a lot.

Now

I will conclude my reasons on why people should seek multiple opinions to help them later on. So as you can tell after reading this finding more opinions is very helpful and could change your life in some ways. However this does not mean that every first opinion you get is wrong it just means that it dose not hurt to have multiple opinions to choose from. Like I said in sports and In basically anything in life it helps because you will always have choices to make and getting more opinions might just come up big for you. After going over my essay of why you should get multiple opinions then I hope you consider seeking more than one opinion next time you need an opinion on something.            