Dear Editor, 3/2/11

As a student's perspective I think that the school board shouldn't have any cell phones allowed at all. The young generations all ready uses technology about 17 hours a day when they come to school, their intelligence and thoughts should be focused on school there are some students that will follow the rules and only use their cell phones during lunch and other free times. However as a teenager perspective, students will try to use their cell phones during class it's been proven many times before.

Many of the smart phones of these modern times are fascinatingly convenient and impressive. One of the more popular phone called the iphone, has: a g. p. s. system, go on the internet, text call and I.M. all at the same time and has much as 16 gigga bites with way more features than that. Most phones can do that as well even more, some people depend on their or PDA because their plans, schedules connections with people all over the world is on their device. Although students come to school to gain an education, the can't focus and do that correctly with cell phone distracting them. If the students are detracted form what they need to do, that eventually leads to bad grades, not a good job and worse lack of education, and with these present days, it is mandatory to have a good education.

Also, if the students lose their phone they have trouble to deal with. Now, I do realize that if a person does lose their hone they can tell the company buy a new and have all the information transferred to that new cellular phone. Yet, if you do that you are still burning through money in to something very wasteful. And sometimes you don't even lose, some students would actually have the nerve to steal other peoples cell phones which dies happen at a so increase. Many students call and text their family and friends, not a lot are doing business calls and making plans for certain events. Some would say if there was ever an emergency at the school they should be able to have their phone and call their parent. But part of the faculties job is to protect from the outside danger.

Finallty in my opinion I this having cell phone ith school is a horrible idea