Students would not benefit from taking online classes from home, in school students are more likely to pay more attention. Students in school are more active because students walk to different classes they communicate to other students and teachers at home students are more likely to fall asleep or be sleepy when they are doing there work which makes it harder for the home school students to have full attention to there work. Attention wise students at home would seem to be less focus on the task at hand, access to there phones all day would make it even harder to get work done. Public school students also have grades that they want to keep up to par, home school students don't. Socialization is a big part to a teens life, home school students dont really have the social life students in school have not having a social life can be hard and sometimes depressing. Some home school students parents dont keep them on track while at home whether its because they are living with a single parent or both there parents are working or having issues, in school they have teachers and counselors to keep them on the right track sometimes school staff can act like a parent to the students keeping them comfort. Home school students parents also might not have the money to really supply them with food but while in school they are served with a free lunch and breakfast every single day. Home school students dont have the opportunity to be apart of a club or sport at school, they dont have a chance to experience or be apart of school spirit. Being to relaxed can contribute to lack of attention in people and at home is the place you are most comfortable at so learning at home would just be a waste of time in my opinion. Home schoolers are doing everything over a computer or a device which can strain your eyes and can cause long lasting eye damage. At home theres only one workplace while in school we mix up the workplaces to library, computer lab, and classroom even outside. People at home dont get a chance to get that extra help that teachers offer in school they dont get to stay after school to meet up with there teachers and talk about school work, this is very helpful for students at public schools it gives them a chance to talk to teachers about any work they have or havent done there absences and any worked they missed. Students that get home schooled dont get the most out of there teaching its more distractions and plenty other stuff that throw them off track. I dont think schools should offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home. 