Having a extracurricular activity will actaully help you out in life ,if you put in effort you could even get a full-ride to harvard if your an athlete all you have to do is some extracurricular activity and try it. I used to do basketball when i was smaller ,and when i was doing that i met one of the funniest people i've ever met ,and now she became my bestfriend. if you would like your life to be amazing when you grow up you should try a extracurricular activity and get a scholarship.

when you go to your activity you'll meet lots of new people ,and slowly you'll start to trust them and them too ,and then boom! your friends , when you try a dress on for example they'll say wow! that looks beautiful on you and then you'll have a much better self-esteem/ more confidence, also when you go to the mall and your looking for jeans for example and you say what about this one? one will say yeah it'll look great on you while others might say it looks fine but this one will look better on you and you'll have different peoples opinions if you try new things you'll probably find something that you'll actually like, like soccer my dad used to teach me how to play soccer but i didn't end up liking it but my cousin did he even ended up traveling the world because of soccer everyone is different i'm not saying that if you try soccer you'll like it but what i'm saying is you should try new things who knows you might end up traveling the world. you might even turn out to be outgoing you'll try something like skydiving something that i've been wanting to do for years or you might even like to do checkers something which i find pretty interesting but who knows only you will know when you try new things.

if you were doing football and you were really good you would most likely get a scholarship to a really good school and play for their team and if you put that on your resume ,and that job is like athletic or anything in general then your most likely gonna get the job, scholarships are good for your resume but their also good because your perants would be so proud that you got that scholarship all your friends and teachers would show some respect too.

in overall i agree, i think that students should do extracurricular activity cause it can actually help them allot like if you stay for afterschool you can learn more, and if you do a sport and you try your best im sure you can achieve anything in life. if you would like your life to be amazing when you grow up you should try a extracurricular activity and get a scholarship.