Well when we 1st hear about the Electoral College we think it's some college where students go who drive BMW's, Audi's, Nissian GTR's, Nissan Skylines,Honda Civic SI's,Toyota Supras,Chevy HHR SS,Ford Focus RS,Subaru STI's,etc. But is it really a college like that? No unfortunately not as a matter a fact it's not even a college to physical go to if you thought it was a college you can physical go to then you are the biggest chunk that ever stepped foot on this earth. According to paragraph 1 it says " The Electoral College is a Process not a place the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens." So when you hear that it's not a place and its a process yay! we're learning.

But let me stop you right there happy readers who are learning, that's not the question so wait heres the part when you feel like the biggest chunk again... the question is Does The Electoral College Work? Aha see you thought you won the 4v4 but really it's just getting started. Like how can you win if you don't know anything about the process college well thank godness im here because im gonna educate you goats. According to paragraph 2 "The Electoral college process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president,and the counting of the electoral votes by congress". So what i think it's saying is that this is how like our wonderful presidents get elected. this is the voting system that elects vice pres,pres,meeting the to runners and electors thats the electoral college in a nut shell. But you guys are still scrubs you need to know a little more before we can answer this question.

Actually no we don't need to learn a little bit more you guys aren't chunks you are Pros at this we all are you know why? So let me tell you why our founding fathers started this in 1769's or something like that but ever since they made this system it's been going on until 2015! so the answer to that question would be yes it does work because it gives the people a right to choose who they want and the president doesn't get to much power and without this system we wouldn't have any presidents you know what i mean.

-  Clown            