Now you may be in favor of the Electoral College but sir I'm here to change you mind. Why are so many people in favor of this process maybe because they can guzzle up your money , my money

OUR

money . I say lets go with popular vote not some elector in a monkey suit. We let them have a "winner-take-all" system as stated in paragraph 7 from an excerpt from " What Is The Electoral College ". Why do we need make the District of Columbia like their own state , why should we go threw all the hassel of putting certain numbers of electors for each state when we can just go with popular vote. The vote we have.

Why do we need such an abomination for voting, when we can all vote for the person we want to win the election not, just some group of electors Democratic or Republican so they can vote for us .

We as the

PEOPLE

should have the right to vote for our selves. It's such a crazy process ,we could just as easly mess up who we voted for , it's not always very clear .

WE

dont even really vote for our Electors. "Well who does ? " you ask. The state conventions ,sometimes the state party , sometimes even the presidential candidates themselves. We should be lucky that the 2000 election was the biggest crisis in a century ; but this process could end up getting much worse like in 1960. The segregtions almost led to no more Democratic electors. We still proceed with all evidence as to why we shouldnt have Electoral Colleges.

We do have democratic electors but the Electoral College is a very non-democratic process. People in favor of this say even since 2000 when Gore had more popular votes than Bush but fewer electoral votes it hadn't since 1888 . We are the the people we should have a voice that rings loud and clear , not one who whispers under the big booming voice of the people the higher leaders think have a bigger say. We should be the majority not the minority. Even in favor of the Electoral college you can see the many flaws that have come about the age old process. You have the swing states that follow a "winner-take-all" method.

Then we have the big states that use some of their large states. like in Florida the 2012 election the state had a very close popular vote and got 29 electoral voates. Then it came down to Wyoming with 3 electoral votes and it took all.

Now I hope you can see why We should toss the Electoral College out the second story window. The vote's come to close to call in a lot of these runnings. The people we vote for can always turn their backs. Plus it just gets to caiotic to handle even when we treat the district of Columbia a state. Even the people with the popular vote get tossed out the window. The Electoral College should be put down , and Replaced with the Popular votes of the Us citizens.            