Driverless cars are in our near futrue. Cars like these need to have protection for everybody. I like the idea of that they are trying to make them, trying to make them smater, and trying to make smater roads for us to drive them on too. Just my opion on them is that its a good idea and I would love to experince riding one.

My thoughts on having driverless cars is that I would be a smart idea, but there is a few things like the whole smater roads thing how would we have smater roads is my question? I think that it would be expensive. Would there be only certin road we could us these types of cars on? The whole idea on have these types of cars amazes me but it would be kinda scary to try something like this out. Also I like the whole idea on that the car would have to have someone that is checking out for the car but it would be hard for the person to keep the concentration on the road.

Another thing is that the law doesnt allow us to try things out with these cars. I mean that would be a major issue for the people testing them. I also was thinking how hard would these cars be to drive? Would we have to have some special training to drive one? I read in the passage that the car would automactily tell you when it would be time for you to start driving but what if the driver is hispanic or any other race and the car tell them its there turn to drive in english. Would there be settings for that or no?

Also what is the whole point on driverless cars I think they would be able to get around in traffic, accidents , and construction sites? I think it would also be alot nicer if they could get around that stuff on there own too.

Anyway these cars would be nice to have around and all. I would also love to ride in one just to experiece the feeling and listen to the way that they would transfer to the person who is siting in the drivers seat. these cars would be the bomb if they really were driverless and are easy to control. I would love to see what it all comes down to, I really do look forward to it.