Warm air and salty hair, whats better than summer? Nothing! Summer is all about swimming, sleeping and hanging out at the pool with friends. However, that all ends in august, when it's back to waking up at six o'clock in the morning and all that awful hoemwork. Would'nt it be nice if there was a way students could adjust to school without physically beging there? Teachers should design summer projects to help with this very issue, because it prepares students for the upcoming cirriculum, aids students in adjusting to their teaching style and it will help students get back into the swing of school.

Going back to school after summer break isnt fun for teacher or students, nor is it easy. Having a summer project may seem dreadful, however it can actually be very benefital. As students age into their next year of school the cirriculum gets harder and harder. Having a project to help ease them into their next year of school would alliveate the anxious feelings surrounding that course. In fact, many students are taking advanced placement courses, surrounding those advanced courses is stress and anxiety, a project designed by their advanced placement teacher will help prepare them in what to expect for the year ahead.

Throughout grade school we all had a hard time adjusting to diffrent teachers as well as their teaching methods. However, if every teacher were to create a summer project to match thier teaching methods, students would be able to adjust to diffrent teaching styles which, not only would benefit the student themselves but it would also their raise their grades dramatically. Studies have shown that a student will perform better with teachers who he/she feels comfotable with, boosting their grades and overall academic perfomance.

School is hard, there is no question about it. Having the countless hours of homework, while needing to get eight hours of sleep pluse extracirruculars! Theres just not enough hours in a day! Having a project given to students would help adjust them into the swing of school by preparing them for the homework load they are about to be given. This will also prevent students from sleeping all day because they will need to do their project, and still have enough time to do what they want.

While a teacher designed summer project may be benefical, some may argue that students would do better with a student designed project because they understand the struggles of eachother and can help reduce how much work needs to be done while also teaching the student. This may help students feel less overwhellmed however it will not prepare them for the rest of their schooling years because as previously stated the course work only gets harder and simplifying the work load will not do anything.

Summer time is exciting but when it comes to a end it can be upsetting. Feeling prepared for the year to come and all the work along with it could really help one in feeling less nervous, scared, and discouraged. Teachers need to design projects over the summer so students feel excited and ready for school to begin rather than to feel disapointed and unprepared.                                  