In order to assure that students are learning over the summer, some schools require students to complete summer projects during their break. Some people believe that summer projects should be student-designed, while others believe that summer projects should be teacher-designed. All in all, summer projects should be student-designed.

First of all, if projects are student-designed, then the students will actually want to do the project and learn things from it. For example, most of the time when teachers give students projects, they are pretty boring and students don't want to do them. When students create their own projects, it gives them a little more motivation to do them because they're allowed to do it on whatever topic they want to.

Secondly, if summer projects are student-designed, then students won't be as stressed about the project as they would if it were the teacher's project. For example, the projects teachers give students are sometimes hard and it makes the students stress and struggle to get it done. When students create their own projects, it's less stressful because they get to choose what topic the project is about.

Although these views are correct, there are some who disagree. Some people believe that students don't learn when creating their own projects to do. They also believe that students aren't capable of doing their own project without the assistance of a teacher. However, students technically do learn because when they are doing research about their project, they are reading and learning things about it. Also, if the students need help with their project, they can get the help they need from a parent, friend, or a family member.

In conclusion, summer projects should be student-designed. When students design their own projects, it is easier for them and it motivates them to want to learn. Although some people may disagree, these views are correct. Students that create their own projects are less stressed out about the summer projects, therefore making them more likely to succeed on their summer project.