Dear Senator,

The Electoral college can be greatly described as a pedigree. The Electoral College being around for so long as the time of our founding fathers- quite a long time, now having doubts? "The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anaschornism,". Can't say that anyone shouldn't be surprised just like anything in this life everything comes to an end at some point. Agreed that it is unfair something like the Electoral College to be around especially in this era, it craves more rights than it feels it's been restricted from. Yes, it has a history that truly lights the room of American development, but already many things from the government have changed, Would it really hurt to change the Electoral College?

America has always been about the people? With the Electoral College it's the people's choice with a twist. "voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors," it would be much simpler if the candidate you voted for would just be elected, and also democratic to choose that way...totally giving your vote to a group of people. Although their hasn't been numerous situations in which the Electoral College vote will dosen't win the national popular vote...It still happened and also a possibility that it can happen again! Why have two different types of votes when you can easily have one vote? "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population)" the vote is America broken in one whole breaking up the population in each state, which is equivalent to breaking us up in 13 colonies. We should be considered one!

"The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November." Example that everything is in order and exact, and has not changed just like how over the years we have found that some things that our Founding Fathers did were "wrong" why not put doubt in the electoral vote? Yes, also true the electoral vote keeps other parties who are not sufficient enough to run the country, but their aren't many voters usually not voting for either a republican or democrat, proof that the electoral vote simply is an anachronism. A winner-take-all basis dosen't seem like that big of a deal after all only one person has to be president, but the electoral vote dosen't affect that...at all. Any rebuddle going against a non-electoral voting society dosen't seem to make a valid reason.

A Senator like yourself has power for the better of the people...and would use their powers wisely people would hope. No doubt you haven't thought about it, or haven't made action to the problem, but this letter is simply a right this country has given me as a citizen-freedom of speech. My defense is equality, and shouldn't be ignored sometimes a pedrigree like the electoral vote needs to change. What is your job as the Senator? How would changing this out-dated process impact the country? All questions that the people have been asking, without the people w                                    