One big milestone in a person's teenage years is when they have to take a driver's test to get their license. Many people often become stressed behind the wheel during the driver's test because they are afraid of making mistakes. The people of our generation are just as nervous about these test as our older generations but what if that were to change in the future? What if, instead of driving cars where we have to be driving one hundred percent of the time, there were cars out there that allowed the car to do the driving for us? Many companies have been working on the idea of "driverless cars" in hopes that they will reshape the whole concept of driving. However, that does not mean they are a good thing. Driverless cars should not be used in the future because they could take away the focus of the driver, the future generation wouldn't know about driving basics, and they are illegal in some states.

First of all, they could take away the focus of some drivers. As these driverless cars are being invented, they allow drivers to meerly sit back in the drivers seat and enjoy the road. Sitting for thirty minutes in a car will not be enough to satisfy the boredom of some people. There are people out there who can not deal with sitting in one place for a few minutes and have to do something to keep them busy. Therefore, their focus could easily move to something else other than the road, like a fellow passenger or at the scenery around them. Driverless cars are not entirely driverless. As said in the article, "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." What if the driver is not prepared to take over when the situation requires? These new cars may have features of notifying an individual when they need to take over but if they are not ready because they were focused on something else, then the results could be disastirous. This is why it takes away focus from drivers.

Next, the future generation would not know about driving basics. Many teenagers today have to take drivers ed classes as they attempt to obtain a license from the BMV. But what would future generation drivers have to go through for their driving exams if we have driverless cars. As stated before, driverless cars aren't entirely driverless. The newer generations still have to learn to basics of driving even if they will be driving in a driverless car in the future. If this does not happen, then they could be in trouble if their driverless cars malfunction or they are forced to drive a regular car instead. The future generations will probably not know about the driving basics because they will think they are too far advanced for it. For example, not many people know how to drive "stick" or even know what that means even though it was vital for driving long ago. If someone were to enter a car that needed that kind of function, they would not know what to do. And the same thing applies to future generations if they would not know the driving basics.

Finally, these vehicles are against the law in some states. According to the article, "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control ata all times. As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars." With the government concerned about the safety of a driver behind the wheel, they will not allow driverless cars on the roads. The safety of the people is more important than to advancement of technology. Until the driverless cars have been updated to the time where they are safe for everyone, there is no way that driverless cars will be seen on the roads with regular cars for quite some time. This is why driverless vehicles are against the law in some states.

In conclusion, driverless cars should not be used in the future because they take away the driver's focus, the future generations need to learn about the driving basics that we use today, and it is illegal to use computer-driven cars. Of course, in the future, new technology will arise to give people more mobility and ways of transportation but that will not happen until everyone is safe. Many individuals are in car crashes every year from lack of focus on the road. Driverless cars can add to this problem just like any other and until we have to tools necessary to ensure they safety of the people using driverless cars, there is no way that they will be seen among the streets. 