Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue their learning during the break. Every individual at some point in their life has had to make a project of their own. Whether it be a project at school or a project at home for themselves to enjoy. So when it comes to these summer projects, they should be student-designed because an individual has more freedom to choose a topic of their own, they are less restrictive, and students can use their best strengths to make a project that is less stressful for them.

A student has more freedom when choosing a topic of their own with a student-designed project. For instance, a lot of the projects in school are tied to a specific topic. When it comes to choosing the type of project, at a first glance, there may seem like there is a lot to choose from. But in reality, this is just the illusion of choice. There isn't a lot of room for creativity and imagination, therefore there isn't much freedom. Many individuals will agree that with more freedom, they have the liberties and creativity to come up with something that is unique. Others may argue that with more freedom, a student might not stick to what they what they are supposed to learn, But that is far from the truth. It is the opposite, students are more restricted when they are forced to create a project with a topic they are not the best at, which leads to the next point.

Student-designed projects are less restrictive. For instance, much of the work we are assigned in school is teacher-designed. From personal experience, when a project is teacher-designed, a lot of the work can be mediocre, as apposed to a project that is student-designed. When students aren't allowed to come up with their own ideas, their imagination is bound and restricted. Some teachers may argue that it doesn't matter that students are restricted, all that matters is that a student gets the work done, but that is not correct. The student wont be as motivated and will turn in a project that is has no effort, therefore getting a lower grade.

individuals can use their best strengths to make a project that is less stressful for them with student-designed projects. A project can seem like a large and outstanding task to finish for a large amount of students, and as a result, puts stress on an individual. A student-designed project can relieve plenty of this stress, as students can choose a subject that they are best at. It is easier for someone as they are more comfortable with a topic they are more knowledgeable with. Other individuals may argue that students should make an effort to choose a subject they aren't familiar with, but many can disagree because choosing a topic someone isn't familiar with puts more stress on a person and can lead to them struggling to learn.

Summer projects help students learn during the break, but students should ultimately decide on designing their own projects for individuals to continue to learn. At the end of the day, they should have the freedom to enjoy doing what they are best at they shouldnt be stressed over work they aren't comfortable with in the summer.            