I think that we should keep the Electoral College but we could also change election by popular vote because there could be problems over the outcome of an Electoral College, the reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. A candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president. Voters in toss-up are more likely to pay close intention to the campaign, knowing that they are going to decide the election. The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the vote cast. It also restores some weight in the political balance. There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast. The Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state.

Each candidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electoral. Most states have a winner-take-all system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. Your states Certificates of Ascertainments are sent to the Congress and the National Archives as part of the official records of the presidential election. Voters can expect close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. Under the electoral college system, voters don't vote for the president, but for electors, who in turn elect the president. The electors can be anyone not holding public office. The person who picks the electors in the first place depends on the state.

The argument against the electoral college is what we might call disaster factor. If there is a tie in the electoral vote, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. Because each state casts only one vote. the electoral college is unfair to voters, because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, they only focus on the right races in the swing states. But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote the party's nominee, but it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. The Elecotral college is widely regarded as an person or a thing that seems to belong to the past and not to fit in the present, it's a non- demogratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receive most popular votes the winner.

So i think we should keep electoral college because it's a process not a place. "The founding faters established it in the constitution as compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens" (Source 1 paragraph 1).    