Everyone has different way of learning .some people are visual learners,some are kinesthetic learner,which one are you?

Someone would argued that students will not do their homework online becuase it is more difficult and hard to undestartand. Also,tudents will miss good leason from a teacher. Thus, an student will not share ideas with other, and they not going to joing a class more than a school. For, students need help all the time from a teacher. But at home they not going to have help by a proffecional becuase of that they will have low grades in their classes. In addion, attend classes at home makes children boring to only he or she attend classes in their home.

This remiend me of when my friend used to have class online in his home. He always get stuck in something,and he didn't know how to figure out. when he ask his mom for help,she replay this is happens per not be in the school. My friend is a smart boy who like study a lot. but he told me that attend classes at home is a bad idea becuase teacher in the school could help him whanever he needs help. in this case at home noneone can give a hand to him.

Someone would argued that students should attend classes at home. Students preffer to do their work at home because they can finish it more faster that in the school. therefore in the school there is a lot students who just go to the school for play and joke,whitch cause other to not do their work. it make other students get distration by other. futher in the school there is always conflict how other students dress,and some make bulling to other. So, take classes online at home is more benefit to all students who want to graduate from the school. As soon as posible.

For example, doing our work online at home. It is more beneficial becuase students don't have a limite time to stop. In the school you have a limite time,but at home you don't have a limite time. Also, nobody is going to bother you when you are working at home. Moreover, students just focus on what they needs to do becuase it less distraction and oneone else around. thus, it is beneficial take classes online becuase you don't have to pay money to the school for uniforms and, all the required things that they ask you to buy. When you can save the money,it can be use to pay the classes online.

Therefore, I think all students need to attend school to have better opportunities and better skills on learning.                                                                                                    