Driverless cars, although dangerous in a multitude of ways, have uses that far excede any dangers. It is said that in order to progress in life you must first take steps back. Although these driverless cars are a step forward in technology, they can be seen as a being a step backward because of the dangers that persist. In reality, these dangers are just a learning curve to arguably one of the most revolutionary inventions in the last decade, driverless cars. These cars are very fesable because they are sought after, the technology is available, and they are getting safer with time.

These driveress cars are some of the most sought after technology that has entered this world. The human has drempt of the flying car for generations, and finaly the idea is fesable. The text referances Google cofounder Sergey Brin, and how he "envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system," (Paragraph 1). Although this is just the dream of one man, millions more people believe that driverless cars are the key to the future. These millions of other people have drempt for driverless cars, and many times their fathers did also. Knowing this, many people will want to get their hands on this new technology that is a driverless car. Making the development of these cars very positive becasue the population will want and has wanted driverless cars for decades. Driverless cars have been a thing of fiction for so many people for so long, but now these cars are a reality.

Not only are they sought after by millions, but the technology for these driverless cars is available and has been available. Driverless cars were always thought to be a thing of the past, but the reality is that they are a thing of the present and have been for many years. The writing points out that, " Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009." (Paragraph 2). While many people view driverless cars as a thing of the future, Google has formed them to be a thing of the now. This technology, that has been sought after for generations, is now readaly available. It was even said that Tesla has released plans to come out with a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time in 2016. (Paragraph 10). Knowing that these cars are being released this year is over the top of many peoples head, and shows that the development of these cars is indeed helpful. Knowing that the technology is already out in the world shows that the development of these cars grow every single day. This growth will positivly effect the automotive industry, and keep the people making these cars coming out with new and safe versions of these driverless cars.

The one thing that people can control about these cars is their safety. This safety is both for the environment, and most importantly for the drivers of these cars. Indeed, these cars are as safe as they ever will be. We are reminded of the safety of these cars when paragraph eight reminds us that, "In this way, the in-car system is actually a saftey feature, and saftey is a big concern," Not only is the in-car heads-up display a safty feature as it talks about, but reminds us that saftey is the biggest concern that the companies have. This paragraph even mentions how some of the "fun" features are for the saftey of the driver, mainly to keep them awake and alert at the wheel even if they are not the drivers. Knowing that saftey is one of the bigest concerns that the companies have for these cars sould be settling because consumers know that the automated cars that they buy would be in top conditions and have a multitude of features that keep both themselves and the passangers safe. One of the many features mentioned was the voice or even a vibrating chair to signal when the car needs a human to control the driving because the road needs the expertise of a human driver. Because these cars are safe, their development is very positive.

The development of these driverless cars should be continued because they are sought after by many people, the technology is available and is being worked on, and these cars are safe and getting safer. By developing these tests, the companies are creating a technology that, to millions of people, is still only a dream. The complications that these cars may have is a minute detail in the ever evolving spectrum that is the saftey of these cars for the people inside an out. Driverless cars are no longer a thing of the future but make up our present in every way imaginable.