The Face is an actual landform, it was not created by aliens. In order for me to prove this to you I need facts, so that it is what the majority of this essay is going to be about. I will also be be telling you how I know that the Face on Mars is a landform. There are many facts as to why the Face on Mars is a landform and I will be sharing all of those that I can find with you.

I will also be telling some other landforms that are similar to the Face. I am citing all of my evidence and facts from the article "Unmasking the Face on Mars".

One of my first claims that the Face on Mars is actually a landform and was not created by aliens is from paragraph three in "Unmasking the Face on Mars" and it states, "The caption noted a "huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth."

At the beginning of that sentence it says "a huge ROCK formation" which is telling us that it is actually rock and that it had devolped over time to form into the shape of a face. And that it was not created by aliens because aliens can not create or make rocks.

Another claim that the face is actually a land form and was not created by aliens is that in paragraph twelve is it giving us a very clear and precise meaning that the Face is an landform by telling us that, " What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa- landforms common around the American West. "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," says Garvin. "That a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars." That is telling us that there are more places in the world that are like the Face on Mars. That also means that if there are more places, then aliens could not have made the Face on Mars because that means it would have had to make all of the other mesas and buttes in the entire universe.

Lastly, my final claim that the face is actually a landform and was not created by aliens is in paragraph seven in the article "Unmasking the Face on Mars" and that it tells us that, "And so on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture tem times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appered on a JPL web site, revealing... a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." At the end of that whole paragraph it tells us that there was no alien monument after all. Which means that the aliens did not create the Face on Mars at all.

In conclusion I know that the Face on Mars is actually a landform and was not created by aliens because of the facts the a have cited from the article, "Unmasking the Face on Mars". I have given you very good claims as to why and I really hope that you change your opinion on this topic of matter. 