I think cars should still be famous in the future so we could make new cars. such as cars floating in the air or cars that can drive on there own and drive us anywhere we want to go or cars that we could call in so we wouldn't to use our sell phones all the time. Or cars like the BMW could be upgraded for the future. And cars that have special sensers so the human driver can remain alert. And cars that can drive on its own and warn us if were going to have accidents. And google cars that can have fast WiFi and tv's so people wont get boared.

Then one day they could come out with cars that can always givbe you a heads up and always tell you about the weather and hoiw nice it is outside. Then if one of the drivers ask about the nearest place they could go out to eat or a park they could go to to have reunion of just to chill. then they could have cars that could drive you to defferent states like Navada, California. Florida, or District of columbia. And when something is wrong with the car it could worn the driver that its low on gas or something. Next the car could have Anti lock breaks when ever the owner gets in the car or if the car is going to be stolen the car could shut down or warn the sranger to get out of the car.

Next the car could have any station on it like country,rap, Hip Hop, or just any kind of music people like. Next they envent a new BMW that could speed up to 100 mph and then when you wake up in the morning the car could already have your coffee for you in the morning just in case you might forget. Then they could come out with a nother car called the Hyper BMW wich is the greatest car that has ever been anvinted. And in 2020 they would have cars that woulod have been huvering around and taking us every where. Finelly when they make the car they could test out the cars by using laser beams to test drive the cars that drive on there own and then when the car is ready it could be solled.                                                                                          