When it comes to seeking advice, most would go to more than one person lurking for answers. Searching for advice is a common thing in our life time, nothing to be embarrassed about. Gaining advice is an important thing in our life. It helps us all grow and understand the things we don't. Don't know something? Just Ask. There are major reasons for why people would seek out multiple people, one being to be able to listen to all perspectives, getting an all around better answer, and being able to understand the concept more clearly.

Listen to all of the answers in many different perspective is the most important attribute to getting advice. It would cause you hear out all sorts of opinions to see the view of all the people you asked. Gaining all of the knowledge will cause a bigger solution that would most likely end out in the way you'd like it to be. If you were to only listen to a single answer, you would only get that one and only opinion that could not work as well as you thought it would. Gaining knowledge of other's opinions are important, they're everywhere, in presidential election, government decisions, FCPS decisions, etc.

Adding to listening to multiple perspectives, You would be able to understand the concept you're looking for more clearly. The reason for that is because you're looking at a wide variety of answers rather than from one person. You'd get a broader knowledge of the subject, and you probably don't have to ask again. The information is likely more accurate since it came from multiple people. One single person could accidentally give you the wrong information causing a possible bad outcome. For example, there are many wars caused accidentally just because one person made a minor communication error.

When hearing out the advice, the larger solution will start slowly coming into mind. All the information that you've gathered from multiple perspective will all combine into a more suitable solution. That one solution will become bigger and bolder than the separate answers. It's like engineering, they discuss about each of their ideas, plan it all into one, then creating their first prototype.

In general, it's recommended you ask more than one person for advice for the most accurate answers to your desired questions, more broader information and solution. There's no downside for asking multiple people, all upsides for searching for advice. Just takes time.