Generic_Name

March 12, 2020

Do you think every body should do a extra curricular activity? Most people do activities but the school does not run them. A lot of schools dont even host good our a lot of programs. Most activities do not fit every body. After school things separate more time away from peoples family.

If someone makes the team for a sport over a kid who wants it more then that person. The student that made it gets forced to do something he docent want to do, and ruins opportunities for other kids. Students should not have to do a extra activity kid who want's it, freedom, and passionate.

Kids who really want's something might not be able to achieve there goal. They put in extra work and grinding for along time. Some kids might just be there to say they are on a team or program. If every one had to do one extra activity things would get packed. They have been trying there best for a lot of years and just join something for free.

People love to have freedom they like to go home play with there dog our younger siblings. next there some kids that like play video games and make money from that. Forcing kids do an activity might make sad if they get joked cause they do something wrong. Not every body parents or guardians can come pick the up after school. Theres a lot of kids out there like to do activities by them selves because it helps them focus.

Finally kids are passionate about there own activities. Having to do another activity can make some students irritated. Students are already at school for seven plus hours. Kids should follow there dreams stick to it and make new things happen.

Students would like to pro sue there own path.

At last this is why having extracurricular activities is not he brightest idea. Hope that this will put an idea principle thought. Having to do extra activity when just make the day if longer. They want to go home and live there life how they want to. Students should not have to do a extra activity kid who want's it, freedom, and passionate.                                