Is distance learning through video and online conferencing a great and beneficial way for students to learn from home or does it hinder one's chances of actually learning and having a good learning experience? Video conferencing is widely used in today's society as technology has boosted and upgraded. People often use video conferencing as a means to chat, have meetings and most importantly, educational purposes such as having class online. Many may claim that video conferencing through distance learning is a good thing because it gives students adequate time to spend time with family and have time for their jobs as well while taking classes online. Video Conferencing is not very advisable and great because having a face to face teaching can really help students understand better, learning at home can bring unwanted distractions that keep students from staying focused and distance learning also promotes laziness and affects health.

Firstly, video conferencing with distance learning from home is not advisable and great because students may prefer that they have a face to face talk with a teacher. In cases where a student may not understand something, having to physically be there in a school building and ask a question, the teacher can demonstrate carefully and step by step till the student is able to get a grasp of what is being taught and questions are clarified. Some students just prefer having the need to be around to understand, it makes it better for them. Whereas, when students are far away and learning through a video conference or online, it may be harder to understand because demonstrations may be a little unclear through a video. when there is a need for a question, doing classes online there's no one to ask at times so students have to go the extra mile of looking into researches, YouTube videos, etc before they're able to understand. something which waste time from their studies and brings conflict. Video conferencing is not advisable and taking classes may be better face to face which brings peace and makes things better.

Secondly, video conferencing with distance learning from home is not advisable and great because it brings distractions. Taking classes online and learning from home brings unwanted distractions such as having the need to sleep, watching TV, playing games and having to take care of kids while doing class at the same time. With these distractions, students are not able to get their classes and work done, they're not able to stay focused on their task which can result in bad grades and affect one's education. This can eventually lead to depression and failure which is very sad and dangerous and needs to be taken seriously. A student may even struggle to get their grades up having to constantly deal with these distractions while juggling classes online. Video conferencing is not great and students should go to a school building and study to best eliminate any possible distractions to learn.

Thirdly, video conferencing with distance learning is not advisable and great because it promotes laziness and affects health. some students that often take online courses may get bored because they're constantly staring at a screen, so taking online classes starts to get boring for them and they start to get lazy and refrain from doing their work, students do that because they're constantly staring at a screen which starts to give eye problems. sitting behind a screen for prolonged hours causes problems for the eyes such as watery eyes and pain in the eye, sometimes eye twitches which make learning frustrating. So as a result, students stop doing their work. Whereas in a school building, students are not always looking at screens but white boards also which is less harmful to the eyes. Students are not lazy because classes ring from bell to bell, so students are always up and moving rather that sitting behind a computer all day. It's best to go to school without being lazy and staying healthy rather than using a video conference to learn.

In conclusion, video conferencing and taking online classes with distance learning is not the best thing for students, because of the conflict and problems that come with it. It can greatly affect a student's education. With online classes, students may be faced with distractions which can cause them to stay off task and bring down their grades leading to frustration and depression. This can lead to suicidal thoughts and drain a student's life. Health is very important, and it is necessary that our bodies should be healthy. Taking online courses can have a negative and tragic effect on a student's body leading to eye problems, the eye being a very important body part. This may eventually let the student become unproductive and lazy. Also many students prefer having a face to face teaching session to make learning more efficient and better to understand overall. Students across the world should be able to learn the importance of physically being in school where there's plenty of teachers and resources around. Being in school is very important and can greatly benefit students. Technological advancements in the modern world is also very important and have been beneficial in helping with education and making education better. But students should not let the technology of today make them lazy and they should be willing to work hard and diligently.                             