Does working on a school project during your summer vacation sound fun to you? Instead of going out to the beach and see the red flower sun, would you rather stay inside a cold and damp house with flickering electricity, and waste your time doing work for school? For me, I'd choose the beach, no questions asked. Since I'm a teenager in high school, I know a thing or two about wanting some freedom for myself. Summer projects should be student designed, as much as it is beneficial for a student to remember the past lessons they've learned in school, hardworking students especially, deserve time for themselves to experience joy and free time from the hard work they've paid off doing. If summer projects were to all be student designed, students won't have to worry about time management, the work wouldn't be the issue, and the students would be doing the work for the teachers.

Summer projects should be student designed, because students wouldn't have to worry about time management. It really depends on the students schedules, for example, if a student works on a student designed project, and plays a sport in the summer like for instance soccer, the work could easily be completed if the student balances his or her time wisely, maybe playing soccer like at nine fifty in the morning, and working on the student designed project at one fifty in the afternoon, could balance the students time easily. Another example on how students wouldn't have to worry about time management is that, students could also make time to spend time with their families, if they ever plan on going to their cousins birthday, or go to their brothers or sisters sport games, students can choose what times work for them, and their work would have to be their second priority.

Summer projects should be student designed, because the work wouldn't be the issue. When students make work for themselves, they tend to understand what their own assignment or tasks mean to themselves. For example, students can make their own projects by using websites such as adobe spark or prezi. com , and can also make their own projects on Google PowerPoint. if the student knows how he or she could benefit themselves on making their own work, then the students can accomplish on being their own teacher. Another example on how the work wouldn't be the issue, is that the work itself would not be difficult to get done. when students make their own work, it may not have the same work level like a teachers work, but it can still be educational and it can be easier. If a student designed project was created on Google PowerPoint, then that would not be difficult to get done.

Summer projects should be student designed, because the students would be doing the work for the teachers. The student is literally taking the role as a teacher to him or herself. For example, if a teacher is planning to go to Hawaii for the summer, but doesn't have time to create the project for him or herself, then they could ask their students for assistance on that. The students would be in charge of doing the work for the teachers and that could also help with the teachers time management. Another example of how the students would be doing the work for the teachers, if a teacher doesn't show up for summer school and if he or her is absent for it, then they could ask one of their own students to probably be one of the substitute teachers for the summer school.

In conclusion, even if teacher designed projects could also be beneficial to a certain group of students, the knowledge being given to the students mind won't make as much of an impact as a student designed project would. People tend to forget that not all teenagers come from the same mentality of not being hard workers or not smart enough, every person in this world has their own intelligence within themselves, people just tend to forget and start to believe that they don't have a smart mentality. If teachers can have enough trust in their students and be willing to ask them for help, then that should be a sign that summer projects can be student designed. Therefore, if there are not enough teachers who can help make the projects for students in the summer, then students can try to help with that if they want to.