Video-games, electronics, high functioning computers, wireless technology and so much more has become very popular in modern day society. Even schools have started to take a more technological approach to teaching. Many schools are offering new methods of teaching that include online courses such as video conferences. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because there is a lack of guidance, personal connections with teachers, and social skills.

Attending school from home would not be beneficial because there would be a lack of guidance. A well known student at Generic_School, with above average grades, had chosen to take Physical Education online. Due to the unfamiliar feeling of the absence of a teacher in her presence, she received a D in the course. This shows that without having a teacher in one's physical presence, it is very easy to get lost. Compared to attending a real high school, online classes have less resources in times of confusion. Real high schools have thousands of students and near a hundred teachers who may help preventing one from getting lost, while virtual classes have maybe fifteen reliable sources. Another exaple of this is a student who had moved to Virginia all the way from India that had trouble transferring their Algebra 2 credits and was forced to retake the class online in order to graduate, although previously receiving an A in the class in India. He had phenomenal work habits, but the technology confused him and although he understood the content, failed the course because of lack of guidance with technology. This is proof that not having anyone to help in means of technology or clarity, prevents one from full potential. Guidance is very essential to one's success, whether it be for clarity or not understanding how to operate advanced technology. Online courses open more problems than they solve because of simple misunderstandings that could be solved with personal guidance.

Another explanation of why attending school from home would not be beneficial is because there is no personal connections with teachers. In the book, "The Great Gatsby," Nick was able to find a new found trust for John upon receiving the information that they attended the same war together. This shows how John shifted from some mysterious guy to a possible trusted friend, all because of a personal connection. Schools offer this same opportunity with students and teachers, but online classes eliminate this opportunity. The online connection of a student and teacher is significantly reduced due to never seeing them or having any personal interactions. A popular story at Generic_School, is one of a student who had a below average GPA, but had a fantastic relationship with his Business teacher. He was accepted into a prestigious Ivy league school and after calling them, he found out he was accepted based off of his teacher recommendation. This story shows how having personal relationships with teachers is very beneficial. An online course teacher does not have this same bond as an in-school teacher, and this represents one of the many possible cons. Overall, relationships with teachers has a very crucial and important role in a students life.

The final reason that attending school from home is not beneficial is that their would be a loss of social skills that a student learns while being in school. One example of this is "Impractical Jokers," which is a show of four life-long friends who met in high school, and compete to do extreme and comical activities in public. This show shows us that these four friends developed social skills in high school and became closer due through school. If any of those guys took online classes instead, the chances of them being friends still in their forties would not be as high. Attending school in person is very important because it forces people to be social and make friends and not hide behind a computer, which a virtual class would allow. Another example of this is Clemson's star quarterback, Trevor Lawrence. Him and his girlfriend have been together for years since high school, and he is now one year from entering the NFL. If he had chosen to attend classes from home instead, he would most likely not be with, or even know his current girlfriend. This shows that attending a real school is very beneficial, especially in the social aspect. Creating social skills and developing character is very important to do at a young age, and is difficult to do so while attending a class behind a computer monitor.

Overall, attending classes from home does not benefit students in the long run because there is an absence of guidance, personal connections with teachers, and social skills. All of these ideas are critical in a teenagers life and taking online classes prevents this. Schools should steer away from this new way of teaching and should attempt to maintain the current standards of teaching. The education of a student is very important, and the school system should do everything in its capability to improve it.          