The more people you talk with, the better information you will get.

During the summer of 2018, I was torn between two decisions. I had the choice to go to a famous baseball tournament in Cooperstown, New York, or go to Europe with my family. I was thinking about this tournament since the day I started playing baseball, but going to Europe is also very fun and I get to spend time with my family. when I was trying to decide between the two destinations, I consulted some of my friends and adults that I know. My parents wanted me to come with them to europe, and my coaches wanted me to go with them to Cooperstown. My teameates wanted me to go to Cooperstown, but my siblings wanted me to go to Europe. they all gave me some advice on where I should go, and my coach said, go where you would feel the most comfortable, and where you will have the most fun. Hearing all of these opinions and getting advice from everyone allowed me to make the best decision, I ended up going to Europe with my family.

As you get more information, you might run across a new option that you didn't know was available.

Getting advice from several opinions can often open up new options

Before my 11th birthday, my dad gave me the choice to get a new Xbox, or a new beseball bat. He gave me the day to devide which one he should get for me. When I went outside to play with my friends, I decided to ask for their advice. Some of my friends that play Xbox told me to get a new Xbox so that I could play with them. My baseball teammates told me to get a new bat so I could share it with them. One of my friends that I asked, played neither Xbox, or on my baseball team. He told me to take the cash value of the more expensive item, and spend it how I want. I was so thankful I had asked for his advice, because I never would have thought of this in a million years. Along with opening new options, seeking advice from more people might open you up to new perspectives.

Asking for advice from different people can help give more perspectives on the situation. During the summer of 2017, I had a big growth spurt, leaving me with a bunch of clothes and gear that does not fit me anymore. I was going to sell my stuff for profit, so I started to plan a garage sale and sorting out how much I would sell everything for. When I was asking for advice on how I should sell my stuff, most of my friends told me to sell the so that I could make as much money as possible. when I asked my teacher for advice on how I should sell them, she told me that I should not sell them at all. she told me that I should donate it to a charity that she works for in her free time. she told me about the organization and how it gives back to kids that are less fortunate and can't afford clothes like us.

This helped me get a new perspective on the situation that I didn't know existed.

Asking for advice from different people will be more beneficial than asking for advice from just one person.

If you're asking for advice, ask for several opinions, it is more beneficial and will get you the best answer.