Should there be a rule on everyone taking extracurricular activities. Yes because they provide information and fun for the students. Without after school activities students wouldn't of made as many friends as they have made. When I was in an extracurricular class we got to know the teacher better and see what she had to teach us. I met one of my friends today at an extracurricular activity because we had the same interest in soccer. I agree that students should have to participate in one extracurricular activity so they can meet new students, be active, and learn more about a subject.

Extracurricular activities educate students about a specific topic that the students are interested in. For example, I was in the soccer club in 6th grade and we learned about the history of the sport and how it started. The robotics club is where students learn about building and technology. It can help students learn tips and tricks about architecture and how to build things. That can help them in the long run if they want to join a field that uses robotic and architecture. It also teaches students how to work with others to solve a problem. Extracurricular activities serve as good learning chances for students.

By taking extracurricular classes students get to meet new students and make friends. The students have common interest so they can talk to others and make friends. An extracurricular activity would be good for a shy student so they can get out of their comfort zone in a small group of people. Students can learn to share their ideas in an extracurricular activity because it is a small group and them they can get more comfortable to do it normal school. These friends can transfer over to normal school so kids that are quiet and don't have any friends will have someone to talk to, someone to work with during group work and, a friend. Extracurricular activities can help students make friends and come out of their comfort zone.

Being active is an important part of daily life. Extracurricular activities can help students be more active. They give students something to do after school other than homework and sports. Students can catch up with their friends they haven't seen all day and give their parents a break. Extracurricular activities are good for teachers if they are bored and want to teach and have fun with their students. Extracurricular activities also count as the sports teams so you can be active by joining a sports team. For example, I joined the soccer club so i could be active. It was really fun and a good way to be active. Extracurricular activities are a good way to be healthy and active.

Extracurricular activities gives lots of opportunities to students. They should make it mandatory to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. The activities have lots to give to the students. They should be mandatory for them so they can learn more and expand their view of learning. Extracurricular activities helps kids come out of their comfort zone and make friends. Extracurricular activities help students make friends, learn about a specific subject, and stay active.