Dear Principal,

There is no need to change the school's policy so that students with a B average or above may be the only ones aloud to participate in sports and other school activities. Granted, students must keep up with their school work, but level of book smarts does not effect the qualities for sports or other activities.

Sports are based on levels of fitness, not brain activity. If a student excels in a sport, he or she should not be limited to access of achieving their goals in this sport because they are not at a high academic level. Limiting their ability to participate in what they excel in can take away many opportunities. For example, one of your students has the skill to play on a professional sports team, but unfortunately they are not allowed to participate in sports at school because they have a C average. A C average today in math class doesn't determine their future as a MVP.

Taking a student out of sports and other activities will not promise higher grades. Some students have learning disabilities that prevent them from learning to the standard that reaches a B average or above. Sports and other activities can stimulate the mind and actually help with learning. By allowing the students to participate in both sports and class they have a more likely chance to improve in both.

Many students have a C average in school. There is no statement that this is because sports or other activities are preventing a higher grade. It is possible that the students do not understand the topics as well because they are not being taught how they need to be taught.

I understand that one believes that by not allowing students to participate in sports or other activities will limit their focus to school work, therefore allowing more time towards education. Still, to live a healthy and well-rounded life, one must have the options to participate in activities other than school work.

Although you are considering the policy to chance, keeping the policy to allow any student participate in sports and other activities will permit them with chances of a better, well-rounded future. Think of the students futures above what they learn today and may not excel in.