Introduction

-

If i were given a chance towork for NASA truthfully i would not take the job i don't really like science jobs like that . Anyways , i don't think that the faces were created by aliens . (Why dont i think it was created by aliens) that's a very good question first off aliens are made up creatures they are just tools to make science non fictional movies come to life . I just strongly think that aliens are made up they can't be real there is no proof to back up what everyone believes . Space doesn't have any gravity so their can't be any animals up there floating ! The mask kinda looks like clay maybe the mask is made out of clay that you can mold it into anything you want ! I know that sounds crazy but someone thinking that a alien created makes it sound even more crazier ! Lets be VERY serious The article says "Face on Mars has been popular in magazines and talk shows" People will believe anything these days even i know that half of the things that the media says or does is not true and i also know that they make things up for attention or too be well known . Now if i got paid as much as the talk show host i may have told some fibs from time to time !

Body - I have to remember that everybody has a opinion and everybody has a input . I am a "Show me and i'll believe type girl" I don't have any evidence or proof that Aliens are real and that they the mask it just doesnt fit together that's like saying pigs can fly ! There is NO proof so i can't process it i know somebody named De'Oshmonya that knows a lot about mars and space so i may have to ask her what she thinks about it im sure she will tell me everything i need to know ! It may cause a little argument tho , but thats okay we're still going to be close . This passage helped me because it taught me some things i didn't know and it prepares me for the future it does make me wonder Are aliens real ? When i go to sleep tonight i may do some research and i'll try to find some proof . I should've done research so i could have a lot of evidence to back my statement up that would've been the best thing to do .

Conclusion - Even tho i said i don't believe in aliens it does make me question alot of things . This article was written way before i was born things have changed and everything should be different now. Maybe if aliens were real they were probably alive in the ancient times and probably left when the dino's left . I just never know Ela is my favorite subject it always makes me learn new things and it helps me understand more than i knew before . Ela is very tricky and sometimes it gets confusing but in the end it helps you and expands your knowladge to the finer things in life . I hope that you got the correct answers out of my paragraph hopefully i can come back next year and be prepared to tell everyone about my research !!!