Classes nationwide usually have a required summer assignment. Whether it is reading a book, solving math equations, or writing a paper. The teachers hand pick and choose certain tasks for each subject. Teachers give out homework to keep their students always in check of their knowledge. Thus, teachers should design the summer work because it allows caters to their classroom experience, it lets students know the expectations in the class, and students are opened up with new knowledge.

Every teacher is made differently; their way of presenting and showing materials differ. Therefore, teachers should make their own homework for the students. For example, if a student make a study guide for a test verses a teacher, who's will be more effective and useful? This is very obvious however, it clears up the air. Teachers make the classroom's atmosphere and lead the class to its maximum success. To expand, imagine if there were no teachers,only students teaching each other. Frankly, it would be chaotic and a disaster. The teachers are there to keep students in check and to create lesson plans and work for the students: to know how the well students are doing. Students do not check how well the teachers do because as students they receive the knowledge while the teachers pass it on to them.

As a result, they should create the tasks catered towards the success of his or her's class.

Allowing teachers to design the summer assignments allows students know what to expect in that classroom. For instance, If the teacher sets an example such as the summer assignments, students can see what type of expectation that teacher and subject has for them. It allows students to see what the teacher has to offer them. If the students make their own image of the class, it could be a hard adjustment for both the student and the teacher. For example, a student comes into AP Environmental Science with a bright colored poster, hardly any sentences and fill with visual diagrams, that student came in with a mindset of expecting that class was going to be visual filled, but in reality, they take notes and notes on end. However, if the teacher assigned to each student that they will be needing to watch a documentary and have notes filled out, every student will come in knowing the rigorousness of the class. If students were allowed to freestyle and choose their own assignment, the likelihood of them knowing the expectation of the class is close to nothing. Like so, using the teacher, can expose the students to the class before stepping in it.

Although letting students design their own summer assignments leads to them having a more hands on experience, teacher designed tasks may expand student's knowledge and perspective on certain topics. If a student wrote a summer assignment paper about what they thoroughly know, it does not teach them anything new. They are not receiving any new information, but on the contrary, if they were exposed to a new topic and researched about it, they would be able to retain new information and learn more. It could lead the students to more success to; if they are opened to new ideas and points of views, the student will learn more and be able to grow in knowledge rather than be stuck in the same perspective that they are in. For example, if a student was bias against the creation of country clubs and corporate made communities, but was to read about why those were created due to an assignment, he or she may have a shift in perspective and mind. This does not apply that he or she has changed their mind, but it has opened up their knowledge and gave them a fuller picture rather than it magnified.

Regardless, if students like the subject of research, or not, that practice will help them grow in writing, reading, and critical thinking skills as well. This increase in knowledge applies to when the teacher is designing the assignments.

In conclusion, the teachers knows best. Every teacher creates worksheets or something for a particular reason, they do not give anything away without reason, and that is the same with the summer assignments. The teachers makes these because they want the students to be able to know and continue on retaining the lessons. It allows teachers to give students a heads up on the future needs, lets students know what type of teaching style they are getting into, and it increases minds and helps students grow for the future. 