Whether you are someone who believes conspiracy theories, or are just plain stupid and think that somehow the Face is evidence of alien life, you are still wrong. It's just a rock, a plain, thousands of years old, heap of rock. The End, no "Ifs, ands, or buts", there is evidence saying that this is just a mesa, a landform, we have picture proof of it. However, considering that I must write this for Mr. Toad's Wild Ride, I still have to argue about it pointlessly with an imaginary person who might or might not exist. So, I will cover two major points to prove to you that it's a landform, common sense, and the facts that we here at NASA have proven to be true.

First off, this argument is over whether Face was created by aliens, or whether it is just a natural landform. This is a pretty strange argumental topic, as people who believe this stuff anyway will hardly be convinced by a random scientist at NASA. Anyway, there is proof we have that face is just a natural landform, we have taken multiple pictues of it, and have concluded that, as shown with this cite of evidence, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the America West." We can even say that it was not obscured by any clouds or haze because it was clear day on Mars the day the picture was taken. That should be the end of the discussion, but yet you say, "But Mister science man, what if the pictures that you took couldn't see it because it was too small?" Well, that point can actually be rebuted as well, because of what Jim Garvin, the chief scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program, said, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixer size," he added. "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!". Factually that should be the end of it, it was a clear picture, that was enhanced for farther detail, on a clear day, with a high resolution camera.

Don't think I don't see you thinking, "But will a only a photo actually be able to properly discern whether this is natural." Well......no, it won't. Actually, you have me entirely beat on the fact that it simply could be a landform, made by aliens. Yes, there I admit it, sit at home and laugh at the fact that I could be wrong. Look, Mister Whoever reads this for a job, I argue for a living with my friend, and there is simply not enough evidence to actually say that there is no way that this is not alien made. There is actually a chance, somewhere, somehow, a superficially small chance that aliens might have had someplay in this. I know that all sounds crazy, but seriously, think about it. All we have is some lously picture that, while it shows us the exteriror, it doesn't show us anything about the interior of the landform.

Here is the other side to the point I just made, think about this rationally for a second, could aliens really have made a monument or some strange thing on Mars, only for it to be found by humans? Probably not, and all of this is so improbable that I really don't even need to write an argumentative essay about it anyway. There is an extremely small and slim chance that aliens had any part in making a mesa on Mars.

So all in all, there is factual proof we have, cited from the text I was given to say that aliens had no part in the making of Face, and that it is a natural landform. However, it isn't concrete proof, so for all we now it could be an alien itself. I have no idea, and neither will you. Again though, rationally, it has no relation to aliens. So that's all I got, the end.   