I think we should ge rid of it because if people vote for a preident and then they dont get what they want there gonna get mad and revolt aginsit the government. and heres why i think we shoul get rid of the electoral collage.

In the electoral government voters dont vote for the president but for state of electors and i thinks thats wrong and then they turn and elect the president. It is called a disaster factor in 2000 there was al gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency over 60%of the voters would prefer a direct election. They dont want the one we now have. If you vote for a president youd vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to the president you want to vote for. The elcotors can be anyone not holding public office. And it depends on the state you live in on who is a elector sometimes people get confused and vote for the wrong cantidate.

The electoral collage is not a democratic methode of selecting on who WE WANT AS PRESIDENT  and we dont get a say on we dicide on who we think is best sutible for running the united states. and we have to get other peple diciding on who runs the country and manyu people think we should keep the electoral collage hers why i think we shouldent. Its not fair for small states becuse they have less of a voice then big states and the dont get much of a say in we they want as a president. Ther are some good reasons on why we should keep it but its what the people want.

Some good reasons on why to keep it is becuse it can avoid run off election the electoral collage requirws candidate to have trans regional appeal. A dispute over the popular vote compared to only 51.3 precentas steated in source 3 number 2. The electoral collage is overall unfair to voters becuse of the winner takes all system in each state candidates dont spend there time on states they cant win. so they go stright for the swing states and that not sair to the smaller states. And thats why smaller states feel left out cuse all the candidates want to go to the big states and try to win them over insted of allthe smaller states.

Over all the electoral college is unfair outdated and irrational and that why i think we should get rid of the electoral college its not fair to any voter that wants to vote and think taht there vote isent gonna matter so they dont vote. This is why i think we should get rid of the electoral college and why is is unjust and its not what we want.     