"It's hard to say this, but Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college!"

Dear Senator I strongly suggest you on changing to election by popular vote and getting rid of the Electoral College. As you can see on the quote above people really don't like the Electoral College. This would be a very wise decision because the Electoral College is very old and unfair and it cause many crisis to happened.

First and foremost the Electoral College is very old.

It states in the article "Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why the best-laid of defense of the system are wrong" "It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational."

This quote explains how the electoral college is getting old and unfair so we should start fresh with a new change from electoral college to popular vote. Also the electoral college sometimes causes many crisis.

It states in the article " The single best argument against the electoral college is that we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in the century; the system allows for much worse."

This quote explains how the electoral college caused a fiasco in 2000 because of the electoral college and if we don't get rid of it we could have another one of these crisis.

On the other hand the electoral college should not be taken away because our founding fathers established it.

It states in the article "Source 1: What is the Electoral College?" "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens."

This quote illustrates how the electoral college is suppose to help us and noy hurt us. Also our founding fathers established so they were just trying to get everything in order and have peace with everyone.

Although the electoral college is very unfair because of the winner-take-all system.

It states in the article "Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why the best-laid of defense of the system are wrong" "At the most basic level, the electoral coolege is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state. canidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing on only the tight race in the "swing" states."

This quote explains how the electoral college is unfair and doesn't give chances to other states that supposively have no chance on voting for that certain canditate.

All in all Senator the electoral college must be abolish. Not only does it create many disasters, but it is very unfair to us citizens. The electoral college is very old and we should give a break. We could start with something fresh like the popular vote and see how it turns out. As you can see there is many evidence on how the electoral college is bad and that you should give the popular vote a chance.    