The difference between studying at home and school

Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Let us going back in time to see how did get here. During revolutionary war in United State of American. Some british had education, but there was not school at the time. Being able to give education for students it was home. And this was for colonies teaching them in group how they can introduce by themeselves and understand command they are given. Late in 1800s to 1900s system changed by government of the time because it began to underatand how education was imporatant to the people. It began to build some classes, so people will not struggle for taking class at home or under the trees. The challenge was not is because the main points was money and people need to do this governement used one idea to increase tax for everything in able to finish the plan. That is how classes have been found. Time of technologies a rise was in middle of 1950s were people began to use new material like box computer and other stuff. Today we do have many choice as for school we may take classes onlline, pay tutor at home, or taking classes at school. What i have discoved is when you are taking classes at school your diverse yourself better that at home, or online.

Yes i do think that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because the challenge of studying at school wil not be similarity to the challenge of taking classes at home. School does many things can reguard a students to stay focus. While, he or she is taking classes. Take a look some examples: First your will be able to increase knowledge of communication all the time to anyone. Second you will have a chance to create a beautiful profile even you never think that you will have it. What i meant is when you are student you are a mirrow to other especially in our community becase school contain many difference cultures. Third is you will have extra help than home or online. The specific idea of attending classes is to learn new things you never knew before. You know the way you may understood in front of the teacher it will not same the way you are watching video or reading online. Another thing you may see is some student the have many activities they attend like physical education, musical instruments, and some they are in clubs. Which meenas you have benefit everywhere. Moreover, taking clesses at school is still better options because the environment by itself is enjoyable. Making friends that you can have fun with, or they could help you when you are in diffuclt stuation. they are many things you will benefit from. As you taking classes at school.

Some people may argue that is not fair whether you taking classes at school,home,or online you still have same education and academies in excellectual way. Because you do have a schedule. They do have schedule. Your taking different subjects. They do taking different subjects. You do have many different options and other they do. And they think that the way student whose taking classes at home or online may have same view to the student whose taking classes at school. One of the highest point of this people who supporting the students are taking classes at home is. The student will have enough time to do many work than students who are taking classes at school because. You may choose to work other things and return to do your activity for school. And you may choose different options that none has choosed, but that how they think i do not. Meanwhile, the idea of this part is very complicated because the way this people think about this is very consiousness. you may ask me how but the answer is. The way students who are taking classes at school it will never become similar to the students who arevtaking classes at home.

You know that descreptions of many empires became emphisizable because the way peolpe attended to school the time brought many idea than the student who used to do their own without having many different thought. Based on me it seems to understand idea of how people argue that the milk may test like water really! Another thing is to review the important stuation of student who are taking classes at school. Given point to this topic is to analyzing the main result from students who are taking classes at home and the ones are taking classes at school. Because the students classes at school always seems right than other. The way student behave, the way student handle task, and how much effort that he is using. But at home student may cheat not body knows, whether he complited task or not. No one have to care. That the bid different you may see. Because is said the meaangless of student who work by himself he will never feel couragoues like other it is hard. Even to trust what he is doing sometimes nor always.

ON my cocnlusion i will adrress the creason that igiven on seoncd paragraph and i will adreress the description of difference i have given on paragraph four. And i will conclude the paragraph three as the last. One i given the reason of how stdent who are taking classes at school thay do have many benefit. Two i have given the description on paragraph four of how student who are taking classes at home, and student who are taking classes at school is not same classes at home have few benefit. Because the situation it may not be serious and this paragraph it is kind reason that i have given, but not necessary. Last and not least i was focus on paragraph three where i did not have things to saybecause is not strong argument , and ihave given one reason on it and few examples.           