The idea of useing technology to read students emotions can have two different sides to it.

People can like or hate this subjuect because it could cause alot of problems for that student ifthat student dose want to talk to the school oficals about something thats going on with them then studensts shouldnt have to talk to school aoficlas about their personal problems.

The other way this could go is that useing this machine or whatever it could be to read students emotions could be a way to try to stop the student suicides.

The ways that this argument would go could have many many problems even getting into the school.

The way that the school would have to use this if the students would not want to talk would be an evation of privacy which is against school reguations and is against the law.

In order to get this into the schoolsthey would have to get this past through not only the board of dirctors but through hte court to because of the way that they would have to use this machine they would have to have it pasted through the court system and have them say that thaey agree to allow this to happen and alow them to invade peoples privacy in hope of helping them with what is going on in their presonal life that they are having trouble with.

The other way that this argument could go is that the way that the machine could help is that it would give the people that dont want to ask for help or are scared to ask for it a chance to be helped and a chance to be saved form whatever they would try to do to themselves.

This machine could help stop bulling this machine could also stop alot of the student suicides that happen every year because students are afriad to speak up and they dont think that doing so could ever help them.

The different sides of this argument have very imortant details.

The way that is could hurt or help students is something that really should be looked at.

If it helps more than it hurts it should be looked into because that could mean alot of saved lifes.   