I agree with the change in the policy. Maintaining a grade B average should not be too hard if you have a C average at the time. Also, students need to consider these extra curricular activities as privileges from working hard. The sports activities should be earned by putting forth best effort in your education. If students like sports and extracurricular activities, then they should think more about what they must do to participate in them. students need to think about their options first. Its sort of like cause an effect. If students get lower than a B average then it effects their chances of participating in extracurricular activities. Students must think about the consequences of their own mistakes. Just like many famous people today who act in movies and on television, they also had to work hard. I hard work is put into what you are trying to pursue then it can be accomplished or obtained. You just have to earn it. No one is just given anything in life. Those people earn what they have.

Changing the policy might influence more students who show great enthusiasm towards sports and other activities, to reach for higher standards because its something they want. More students might get better grades because they have something to work for. This could open up students to a new way of learning. Students might notice that they have done so well just to play sports, that they might as well keep it up. More parents will be proud and students will get what they want. Students will learn that they must work hard to earn something. This could help them carry on in their lives an successful people. Just one situation can lead to great things. This will teach students to value hard work and dedication when trying to pursue a goal or dream. More students might understand why their parents work so hard everyday to support them. Parents are working hard to pursue their goal of raising a child that will succeed in life. Changing the policy could make a difference in these students view on hard work an commitment.