Dear State Senator,

There are many issues concerning the Electoral College and whether to keep it or changing election by popular vote for the president of the United States.  The Electoral College is very important considering it has educated canadates.  The people do not understand that the United States has many uneducated people.  They do not realize that if there is no Electoral College, the people with education will vote to directly decide the president, but so will the uneducated people.  The Electoral College wants the best for our country and is trying to benifit the USA, not cause it harm.

Though the Electeral College is a benefit and means no harm, it does have its flaws.  Many people when they vote for example, a democratic representative, they expect the democratic representative to vote for the democratic canadate for president.  Unfortununtly, sometimes that is not the case.  The democratic representative will end up voting for the Republican canadate for president.  This issue occurs many times in the Electoral College which is why people are having second thoughts about the Electoral College and wanting to eliminate it so that they can directly vote for the president or vice president they want and think will improve our country more.

The Electoral College is benefitcial because it is educated people trying to figure out by anallyzing and concluding who will represent and run our country the best way possible.  In the first article, it says "MOST states have the "winner-takes-all" system", but in the second article it says "Because of the winner-take-all system in EACH state".  In the second article, one of the arguments as to why the Electoral College should be abolished is incorrect due to the fact that not every state has the "winner-takes-all" system.  Since they got imformation wrong, people can not count this article as a reliable source of information.

Our counrty has been doing very well compared to the other countrys like Korea, Africa, Cuba, China, and etc.  People should just be grateful and apperciative that the United States is doing as well as it is doing.  The Electoral College is a benifit and it should not be abloished or eliminated from congress, but it should be improved.  We as americans should try to advance our country in every way possible, not eliminate something if it does not go our way.  We should try to cooperate and improve on the mistakes to make our country better and progress everyday so that today is better than yesterday, and tomorrow better than today!

Sinceraly,

PROPER_NAME   