Dear state senator of Florida ,

I beleive that we should get rid of the Electoral College. It may have been good and all back in the old days, but the Electoral College does not many voters the passion to vote today. We should abolish the Electoral College beacuse it will encourage more people to vote and it is on the brink of catastrophe.

To begin with, if we get rid of the Electoral College it will encourage more people to vote for Presidident. For example, as seen in the article, Republicans in California realize that their vote does not matter because Democrats tend to dominate in that state. The same can be said for Democrats in Texas who beleive their vote does not matter because Republicans dominate in that state. However, if the U.S had a popular vote, voters may think that there vote may mean more and will be encouraged to go out and vote for the President.

On the other hand, you may argue that the Electoral College helps America have a better President beacuse in order to win you must do so in all regions of the country. For example, Mitt Romney won pretty much the whole south region back in 2012 but did not become President because he did not gather enough Electoral Votes. Barack Obama had a more widspread tally of votes. But he counter to that he did win California which gave him 55 extra votes.

Secondly, the Electoral College is on the brink of a amjor catastrophe and must be changed before it happens. In paragrah 12, you see that just 5,559 votes that voted the opposite canidate would have made it a tie. That would be chaos. Because then the Electors of the Electoral College can then basically choose whoever they for President and not by what the people want.

In conclusion, we should abolish the Electoral College in order to encourage more people to vote and to stop a catastrophe that is bound to happen soon. Acorrding to a Gallup poll done in 2000, over 60% over the American people would rather have a popular vote. This just prooves that the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational.

From your friend,

Adam Solis                               