I beileve the author supports this acticle very well humans could survive on Venus. It would take time and work but I beileve it could happen. Often referred to as Earth's "twin," Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, occasionally the closest in distance too. Earth, Venus and Mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds.

These diffrences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus. The Harsh tempatures and low air pressure the raidation would not exceed Earth levels. Not easy conditions but survivable for humans.

NASA is working on other approches to studying Venus. For example, some simplifed electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted weeks in such condtions.

Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. On planet's surface tempatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth; such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals.

Venus has the hottest surface tempature of any planet in our solar system, though Mercury is closer to our sun. Beyond high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking land on it's surface. If our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? Astronmers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of a rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains and craters.

In conclusion I believe humans could live on Venus unless It orbits too close to the sun it could get to hot. Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dnagers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. Would you want to live on Venus with the high tempatures and low air pressure? 