I am against this because I belive it would create many arguments and I belive we are not ready for this yet. I think they would get in more wrecks and malfunction. As told in the passage that the cas still need assistence for navigating through work zones and around accidents. I belive that the car would have many problems and cost alot of money. I feel that these cars would not work as well and not do the proper functions and still need to be tested before put out on the market for people to buy. As told in the passage gas prices may drop but the cars that are being made are gonna cost more, so are we really getting a better deal here?

I think the reason society is trying to do this so bad is because of people influencing them and I don't think we are advanced enough yet where we can take on something this big. I belive we are not ready to take this big of a leap from comeplete control to a car driving all on its own. I think they should start by selling cars that they know people can trust and they can even start small and work they're way up to cars driving all on there own, but for now I don't think that we are advanced enough for them.

I do not think humans will have very much control over the car and if it ever malfunctioned and a human needed to steer and it never says it needs assistence then what? I belive that these cars will wreck and not work as well as well as they think and its a waste of time and money. In the far future when they have tested them alot more and know they are safe for people to drive in, then I belive it is more appropriate.

These cars are going to create alot of contraversy between people and the manufacture. People will being trying to sue for malfunctioning cars and hurting them for not working correctly and wrecking. If one car with three people in it malfunctioned and they got hurt wouldn't you try to sue them for giving you a malfunctioning car?

I belive these cars are a bad idea and will not make society better or more advanced. I think that we should start slow and not plan ahead of ourselves. I disagree with these cars until we have tested them more and I hope that my point of view helped you understand why I disagree and how I feel.