Dear Principal,

I think community service is a very good and helpful thing for the community, but I do not think students should be required to do community service. It may help the community if students were required to do community service, but many students choose to do community service voluntarily anyway.

When students do community service voluntarily they usually feel proud of themselves after they are done. They know they have helped the community and this gives them a sense of accomplishment. If community service was required in school, students that did community service by choice anyway will not feel accomplished after doing community service if they had to do it. This takes away the feeling of accomplishment, and discourages students that used to do community service to do community service by choice anymore. Then all students will probably only do the bare minimum and it will not be helping the community since barely any people will do community service.

On the other hand, the students who thought community service was a waste of time, are probably students who do not do their homework from school anyway, so they will probably not even do the community service if it is required. So by adding community service as a requirement to school, it is not really helping the community, because just a few more people will be doing community service, and most of the people doing the service will not feel any sense of accomplishment. Also, the people who used to do community service will probably lessen their amounts of community service because it will not make them feel proud, so they would feel they are just doing extra for no reason.

Community service is a very good thing to do, but I really feel that making it a school requirement will decrease the amounts of community service that is being done by students. As I stated before, requiring community service in schools will make community service stop being an activity that students enjoy, and so they will stop liking to do community service; which will have a bad effect on themselves and the community.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME