In this article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author gives many details throughout this text as to why he believes that studying Venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers. Given these details, he uses useful information that we need to know. In the first paragraph he describes what Venus actually is. If he wasn't to do that, people might be misleaded and still assume that Venus could perhaps be a star. The author gives very useful information to describe what Venus is. An example would be, "Often reffered to as "Earth's Twin, Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, occasionally the closest in distance too."

The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents. The author supports their claim by giving numerous details and supporting his ideas."Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endbeavors." A big issue that is brought up are the harsh conditions Venus brings. "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Farenheight, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Knowing this, you might think that they must stop there with their research because there's no way they can discover Venus now because it's to dangerous and harsh. That is false, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." Their solution is to have a vehicle hovering over Venus that would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. It would still be toasty but not deathly. The author claims, " Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." The author supports his claim by saying yes, the temperature is a challenge they will face, but NASA has one particular compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus, and they will continue to challenge themselves and find solutions to these conflicts they face.

The author mentions, "More importantly, researchers cannot takes samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance." Although this may be a challenge, the author states that many researchers are working on innovations that would allow their machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to their knowledge of Venus. In paragraph 7, it states that NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus, and that it is possible and worthy of doing so. One project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. "By comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat and other forces." The author does a good job by using details to support that although this is a challenge, they are willing to dive deeper into studying this "Evening Star" known as Venus.

In coclusion, the authors final claim states, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." Although there are many dangers that could seek upon them, they take them as "challenges" and are willing to dig deeper to find out why Venus is the way it is. "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth- like planet in our solar system." Therefore, this is why the author does a good job by suggesting that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.    