Why students should participate in extracurricular activities. You should consider doing a extracurricular activity. Because participating in at least one extracurricular activity can help you branch out, make new friends, and you can have access to Currier interests. These are very important because they can help you have a overall better experience at school. Many enjoy doing these activities and find it very relaxing to get away from school for a while and try something new.

Firstly, you can branch out and make new friends, when participating in extracurricular activities. When you are doing something you enjoy, you can find people with the same interests as yourself. Many people like myself love doing extracurricular actives. For example I love doing FFA, I've met so many great people along the way. This organization has taught me so much, such as life lessons, leadership skills, and team building strategies.

Secondly, this is a great way for students to interact with others. In addition they can participate in sports, working on the yearbook, and the debate team. Sports, is a great way for you to get the exercise you need, becoming more social with others, and being competitive with other teams. Working on the yearbook is a great way for students to take pictures, edit on computers, and take part in the making of the the yearbook. Finally the debate team, this club is for students who are very opinionated, strong willed, and are not afraid of public speaking. This club is great for students who enjoy arguing against others and communication well with other teams.

Thirdly, Currier pathways options, this is a bonus to participating in at least one extracurricular activity. You may decide to try something new and really enjoy it. In the future this could possibly be a Currier interest for you. For example if you choose yearbook, a Currier option for you could be photography. There are many options out there, but this one extracurricular activity you choose, could help you make that decision. On the other hand I would think about choosing one of these activities.

In conclusion, you should consider doing at least one extracurricular activity. You can branch out,interact with others, and have access to Currier interests. These activities can really make you more skilled at what you love to do. Therefore I encourage you to do at least one extracurricular activity.              