The author of this article uses many valid points and reasonings to support their idea. They refer to Earth and it's compatability to Venus a lot. They also use reasoning about Venus's temperatures and conditions. Although the author uses many disclaimers throughout the article, they still make good claims that studying Venus is worthy, despite the dangers.

In the second paragraph, the author states "...Often referred to as Earth's twin, Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too.". They are insuring that a helpful reason to research this planet would be because it is similar to earth, and a relative distance away. The author also states that "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth.". This shows the readers that Venus is worth studying because there may have been life on this planet. Therefore, NASA needs to send researchers to Venus to identify if there is life or not. The author gives another example by referencing Earth-like features to show that thesremay be some form of life or a way of nature, these references include Venus having mountains, valleys, and craters. This validates the authors point well.

The author also gives ideas on how to help make a possible trip to Venus easier and less dangerous. They talk about using a bump-like vehicle that orbits or hovers about 30 miles above the surface. This vehicle has benefits, and also gives disclaimers. Some benefits would include astronauts being able to explore the land easier, avoiding the "unfriendly" ground, and keeping good air pressure. the text states "however, peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safey far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, redndering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective." This shows as a disclaimer to give unbiased proof ofnegative effects.

This article is full of evidence to support the authors idea of studying Venus. The author referred to Earth, recommended ideas, and a technology project used with old computers to support their claim. In conclusion, this article had very well put-together evidence, and proves a point that Venus should be studied despite the dangers.          