Rules are a basic principle in the world.

If you follow the rules, you don't get in trouble.

In school, there are some classes that require students to learn over the summer break through an assignment.

The purpose of these summer assignments is to ensure that students are maintaining or learning knowledge that will be used in the class the following year.

Teacher-designed assignments are generally more effective than those created by students.

They provide an accurate workload, take more work off students, and educate them through a teacher-designed assignment.

Teachers should continue to create and design the summer assignments in order to ensure that students are learning the information needed for the coming school year.

The amount of work dictated by a student-designed summer assignment is very likely to be little to none.

Students create simple projects for many reasons.

Those reasons include ensuring that they have less work, creating an easy way to cheat the assignment, and fabricating the idea that they are actually learning and maintaining new information.

Students see summer as a break from work and stress, and with a summer assignment that they are assigned to create, they will take any shortcuts they can discover.

For example, if a teacher assigns a self-reflective summer assignment for the AP Language class, a student could create a set of five flashcards and call it a day.

With no guidelines to be enforced, how will the students effectively learn the material that the teachers assign?

Teachers need to create the assignments in order to enforce a strong way of learning.

If not, then students will cheat their way through the work and not be prepared for the start of a new year.

Work is a concept that no student enjoys.

If students were to create their own summer assignment, they would spend even more time thinking about what they would want to do rather than actually fulfilling the needed criteria.

If a Junior in High School is assigned a summer assignment in which they have full control, they would need to create a meaningful and efficient piece of work that would assist them in maintaining and learning the information needed for the class.

Assuming that the student has a rigorous summer schedule, where would they have the time to effectively plan and carry out a summer assignment in which they can comprehend the information necessary for the class?

Creating the work needed for a summer assignment is no easy task.

To effectively create the work, teachers need to understand the material, as well as understand which material is needed for the student to rehearse and learn over the summer.

Students can not effectively prepare themselves for the class over the summer if they have no idea what material they need to cover, as well as how to cover it.

I was assigned a summer assignment last summer for AP Psychology.

My class was required to do research on the education for a particular branch of psychology to prepare for a test that we would receive in our first week back.

Everyone did different branches of psychology, but we all did the same content.

Basically we all answered the same questions when it came to the assignment.

Needless to say most of my class ended up passing the test with flying colors.

The ones that didn't do well were those that went off on their own tangents.

A buddy of mine created his own worksheet that consisted of incorrect information, which led to him failing the test.

He told me afterward that the instructions said to come up with your own resource to study for the test, and that's what he did, leading him to fail.

Student-designed summer assignments can be reliable in some cases.

If you're a rising Senior in High School then you could use the opportunity to help prepare yourself for the future.

It would be a valuable learning experience that you could use in your life.

The problem is that the Seniors would continue to try and fudge their way through the system.

They wouldn't be able to effectively learn and maintain the information if they are left to their own agendas.

A student at Generic_School, Generic_Name, was told to do a project over the summer while following guidelines, while another student was told to just do a project.

Both would take a test when they got back from break.

Which student would most likely do better on the exam?

The one who was assigned the guidelines, or the one that was more freelanced?

Students need to follow guidelines in order to perform well on exams and the future.

Summer assignments are not a favorite topic.

When it comes to the whole idea of a summer assignment, we expect a teacher-based project that informs us on what information we need to learn and construct.

Teacher-designed summer assignments allow for higher understanding of a subject, less overall work for students, and a more accurate workload that shows the knowledge of the student.

Summer assignments are meant to help students learn and prepare for the next school year.

They aren't meant to trick and deceive students into thinking that they can fudge their way through the course.

Following the rules is how you will succeed.  