My name is Luke Bomberger, and I joined the seagoing Cowboys program, and you should too. It helps animals that might not make it otherwise live until they get wherever they are going, then someone can take care of them and make sure that they are okay. All you have to do is feed them, clean them, and clean there stalls. It is not a hard job, and there is also plenty of time for sightseeing and other things once you arrive at your destination.

The seagoing Cowboys program helps animals stay healthy and alive while they are going to different places around the world. It makes sure that they get to a place where someone will take good care of them, or use them for milk, meat, eggs, and other things. The seagoing Cowboys program is very useful.

All you have to do in this job is take care of animals and clean them and there stalls up. It's not a hard job. It doesn't even take long to clean there stalls if you keep up on the work. There is also sometime between pickups of the animals for yourself, or for playing with friends in the empty hold after animals have been delivered. Delivering the animals is always fun, seeing the smiling faces of the little kids riding there first horse, seeing there first cow, or anything else. It's guaranteed to bring a smile to your face.

There is a lot of time for sightseeing once you get to your destination , and other things, such as riding a gondola in Venice, Italy, the city with streets of water. The sights you get to see are very beautiful sometimes, and tourist attractions are always fun to go see. It's an amazing thing to be able to see all of them while your still technically working. The sights are amazing, from mountains to mansions, you have the opportunity to see it all.

In conclusion, the seagoing Cowboys program is a very helpful thing, and it woul;d be wonderful if you joined. We always like a little extra muscle. It really is awesome to go sightseeing, get tours of famous places, and see all the tourist attractions that you wouldn't even have a small chance at seeing if you weren't a seagoing Cowboys. Please join us, and have some fun while your at it.