Did you know that when people look for opinions they look for advice? In the prompt it states that seeking multiple opinions when seeking for advice can help make a better choice. I agree with this statement because of choices, opinions, and the point of view of this prompt.

First, the point of view.

persons point of view, the opinions you get from the people is their opinions but sometimes the person whos asking for advice will have to go to another to get their point of view. Depends on situation, the point of view really depends on how and what your situation is, like lets say they are in a fight with their best friend and they go to there parents for help, the mom might just say to talk to her and their dad might say dont talk to her anymore. Many different choices, before the person chooses they usually gets points of views from other people for advice some of these choices can be tricky to choose from.

Next, opinions, the point of view, this person who is looking for some advice. The opinions really depend on the persons point of view. different opinions, opinions can be tricky some opinions are a lot of different then others. Seeking opinions, opinions are the point of view towards the choice this person is about to make so sometimes people ask more than one person to get a different point of view.

Finally, choices, hard choices, choices can be a whole lot better when you seek different opinions from other people. Like lets say the person has a choice between their best friend and their new friend they get along with so well, this choice is very hard to choose from. Many choices, choices can come in many different ways like lets say one person has a choice to eat pizza, pasta , or eat a salad they have more then two choices and they are only aloud too choose one. When one person is looking for advice on a choice one will usually would go with the opinions that work the best for his or her choice. It really doesnt matter what they choose it only matters what the opinion, and situation, or the choice this person is in.

Seeking multiple opinions when seeking for advice can help make a better choice. I agree with this prompt because of the point of view, the opinions, and finally the choices. Opinions and choices happen in our everyday lives.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             