Gas prices. Car notes. Parking fines. These are all expensive things you have to pay for when you consider owning a car. Most family get rid of their cars because of having to pay these high prices in order to keep their cars.

There are a couple of car free cities;for example German Suburbs is car free because of expensive fees they would have to pay just to have a space to park in,."but there are only two places to park-large garages at the edge of the development,where a car-owner buys a space,for $40,000,along with a home."These families would have to spend $40,000 along just to park their car in a large garage,it makes it easy for them to make the decision not to own a car because prices are so high. Having to buy a parking space for that much and still having to buy a home along with the $40,000 can cause a lot of stress on family providers because they have to basically spend all their money on one high priced item;a CAR!

You can become much happier without a car knowing that you don't have to spend all your money on this one item that could break down on you at anything,"As a result,70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here.". For example, this mother of two is much happier without owning a car,"When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."The mother of two became much happier because she no longer had to pay these high fines,fees,gas prices,and car notes that others had to pay for. It was other was to get around that you didn't have to bother coming out of pocket for such as,"Public transit was free of charge from Friday to Monday. This was a big help to limiting car usage.

Studies show that the percentage of driving has dropped tremendously from 2005 to 2013. Most of the reason for the driving percentage dropping was gas prices;It began to get to high,President Obama tried to do something about it as much as he could."President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions,unveiled."Fewer cars were seen on the roads driving,"recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars,driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by."It caused people to not drive their cars and take public transortation or not go anywhere at all. It got to the point where"cash-strapped Americans could not afford new cars."

Some of the advantages to limiting car usage are just what us as Americans want/need to hear because its really expensive. It's not just about buying a car and running it off of air;your car takes gas,car notes,needs servicing every once in a while it's not easy owning a car. Studies show how much the driving percentaged dropped keeps dropping because of high expensive prices that we have to pay to own a car.         