If i was a scientist at NASA and i had to support thr fact that i think the face is a naturual landform I would empasize that, Life on ars is not likely becuase it has not beeen proven. Just because there are items or land marks that lead to life on Mars does not mean there has been any. Theface is indeed a natrual landform, how? because if you go by the diffrent images included in the article you notice the cleared the images,the face slowly dissapears or fade away. The Face can also appear by things in spaces or objects reflecting unto the mesa.

There are many landforms in Mars and the Face happens to be one. For people to say that aliens are the ones causing it to look like a Face is also a arguement. Why ould support this detail? because of so many life forms on Earth people assume that someone had to make that happen. Perhaps aliens did indeeds have something to do with the "Face" , why would they make so clearly and if they did , why did updated cameras show that the clearer the image the face slowly decided to dissapear.

On the other hand there are people who support the fact that the Face is just another landform on Mars. Well as you can tell Mars always had many landforms and The Face happens to be one. How can you prove that? people might ask. Well when Viking caught the images of the Face, ot certainally goes along with the fact that it does look like a FAce but agai the clearer the image got, the face slowly dissaper. When the face does disspear, slowly the landform starts to look like all the other landforms on

Mars or mesas.

Mant people doubt the fact that it is alien, why? because you usually do not see aliens in sight, unless you are watching a movie or reading a book about them.

Aliens could hav eindeed built it , but there has not been an actual sighting on aliens anywhere on Earth, and aliens are usually portrayed as bad people or ting sin movies or books so seeing that a Face on Mars is created by a alien would be kind of frightning because if they are portrayes as bad thing , why would they want a face on a landform. What does that mean?

Now on my side of the story or opinion it clearly looks like a landform and the way it got it's "face" was by something reflecting off an object and making it seem like someone had of built that,

But again. those images do not show anything about a face and how could have "aliens" buolt something so clearly and so presised. The clues just don't go together.

In conclusion until realistic facts are proven i would stick wit the face that these are natrual landforms and "aliens" had nothing to with the fact that they built it. 