Our system of driving has been implemented for a long time now.

Driverless cars would be a huge leap in technology.

There are so many cars on the road right now that require drivers and almost next to no selfdriving cars. Sel driving cars in theory sound like a good idea, but in all reality they aren't.

The first and biggest issue is cost, the self driving car will have nearly everything our current cars have, in addition to all the high tech sensors and a very exspensive Dubbed LIDAR that uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings.

Also they're talking about putting in camera's on the rearview mirrors and a camera that watched the driver.

The cost of repairs will be a a necessity because your car will have to be in working order or else it will not drive itself and you will not travel, and in this day and age you have to be able to travel.

The second issue is implementation.

How will driverless cars implement their product into the general populus?

Will there be a mix of driverless cars and driver operated cars?

If so, that sounds dangerous.

Theere is no need for drivers to be on the road with experimentall technology that is new and has never been used.

The chances of a problem or accident are enormous.

The third issue is change, drivers who use this new car will most likely feel a sense that something is missing as in they aren't doing anything like steering or breaking.

They will not be used to this and feel the need to do something that will distrract them from being alert.

Selfdriving cars will be so new and so different that many Americans will shy away because the change is too significant.

In conclusion, there is already a working system in place and to try and change that system on that big of a scale will create numerous problems that may not be solved.

The three big issues are cost, implementation, and change.

The scale at which this change would happen is just too great.

In addition it is too risky to make a slow implementation because the mix of car types would create many problems as well.