If you wanted advice who would you talk to? When people seek multiple opinions it can help someone make better choices. i agree with this because people attend to help others and be there with you when you need someone to talk to. And also help you to make better choices for you.

My first reason is that it helps you think what choices are best for you when you need them. second, people that know you well like for an example your family, knows what's right or wrong for you. so you dont have to worry of what they're going to say. Because they know that they wont make you think more. finally, you will hear multiple opinions to hear from. Until you feel that you agree with any opinion. and knowing that it could help you prevent anything that could happen in the future when you need it.

My second reason is that it could help you get rid of the negative thoughts and thinking less when you know you have multiple advice and opinions. second, the more people you have by your side are the best choices you make. because they support you and will give you great advice. And also giving small talks (advice). because they know how you feel and know what you like to hear from others. finally, it could help to improve ideas and thoughts you might ve had in your head. because you think how you plan out your ideas without making a mistake.

My third reason is you have a chance to make better choices when you get advice from others. And it could also help not to make mistakes. And that the one of reasons you get advice is because you learn from your mistakes whether its something bad or good. second people who offer you advice, often could lead you to a right path. if you trust them. Mostly people who gets lead to a right path often listens to people's advice and follows their heart to whats right or wrong for them. And usually thinks if it's worth it or not. finally you dont have to be alone when you need advice because their always that one person that is there for you to talk to even if you dont seem them familiar.

We all ask for opinions right? and its normal that we do because it could help us during life. Not everybody gets that chance like we do because some people been doing by their own and thats totally fine you could also do that but having others help you and giving you multiple options is a way easier to get a better future i know not all of might not agree with that and its fine because all people have different ideas!.

In conclusion, advice could take people anywhere even if you dont believe me. But it does. having a good variety of choices is better than having none. Because the good choices could take you to a better future, better education and good career. but having none could take no where. Unless you ask for some advice trust me you wont regret it. we only live once, try to make good life deiscions by letting others give you advice.             