Cell Phone Use While Driving

It has become a common practice today for many people to use their phones while driving. They try to be as efficient as possible with their time and see no problem with trying to multitask when operating a vehicle. Some text on their phones while others may take calls or check emails. In no regard is this a safe practice and drivers should not be allowed to use a phone under any circumstance as it only amount to a more dangerous driving environment.

Often times crashes are the result of distracted driving. This usually occurs in teenage age groups who have a commitment to checking their phones while driving. Teenagers assume that by taking their eyes off of the road for solely two seconds, they aren't putting themselves or anyone else in danger. In reality, distracted driving via cell phone use "reduces the amount of brain activity associated with driving by 37 percent," ("Cell Phones"). Taking calls or texting confidently reduces a driver's ability to control a vehicle, respond to driving events, and direct attention to the roadway. This isn't the case for just teenagers. These conditions apply to every driver who attempts to use their cell phone while driving, thus creating a dangerous driving environment. People often drive with family members, close friends, or children in the car. The chance of a fatal crash because of distracted driving is high and it is very possible that these family members, close friends, and children could be injured or worse. It is much safer to restrict all phone use while driving in order to ensure that roadways remain safe. By not using a cell phone, a driver is better able to pay attention, less likely to crash, and following the law ("Cell Phones").

Many states have already offered consolation for the distracted driving problem in the United States. For instance, Georgia enacted Joshua's Law in 2007 requiring 16 year old drivers to complete driver's ed. The state also recently approved the Hands-Free law, which in essence eliminated any and all distracted driving practices. States recognize the problems that come with cell phone use while driving and have taken steps to fix them. This is evidence enough that in no way, shape, or form should drivers be allowed to use cell phones while operating a vehicle. For further support, there are about 9 people killed and 1,000 injured daily in the United States because of distracted driving ("The Dangers of Distracted Driving"), thus the popularity of cell phone use while driving is a damaging practice in the U.S. and should be ended immediately. Although cell phones may be used in a beneficial manner while driving, such as GPS use, crime reporting, or roadside assistance, it is a more viable and safe practice to prohibit its use until a person it not behind the wheel of a vehicle. A person only puts themselves in more danger, even when doing something appropriate with a cellphone when operating a vehicle, by trying to utilize it and maintain focus on the road at the same time.

In sum, it is in the most obvious interest of all drivers that cell phone use while driving be prohibited in any way or form. It is a dangerous practice that puts family, kids, and friends in immediate danger. Any benefits that are noted of cell phone use while driving are miniscule compared to the risk one takes by even looking at a phone for two seconds. Considering states have had enough common sense to begin a prohibition of the practice in favor of all drivers' safety, it is more than adequate to say that drivers should in no manner be given the opportunity to contribute a fatal driving environment by using a cell phone.

Works Cited

"Cell Phones." Teen Driver Source, www. teendriversource. org/teen-crash-risks-prevention/distracted-driving/cell-phones.

"The Dangers of Distracted Driving." Federal Communications Commission, 10 May 2019, www. fcc. gov/consumers/guides/dangers-texting-while-driving.         