The Electoral College is used in the United States to elect a president, yet it is higly debated over whether it is needed or not. The Electoral College was founded to compromise the election of a president between the people and Congress, to try to avoid problems between both parties. Many people allign themselves with one side to argue that it is needed to eliminate unfair advantages, or that it is not needed because it doesn't give the people the power to elect their president. This brings up disputes and controversy especially in situations that give evidence to support both cases, such as the 2000 presidential election between Al Gore and George Bush. The Electoral College should be kept in use because it provides a fair representation and campaign for all regions, allows votes from states with fewer population numbers to have significance, and avoids the issue of trying to determine the president when neither receives the majority vote.

To begin with, the Electoral College should be in use because it provides fair representation for all the states involved in the election. "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal." "This is a desireable result because a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president." This shows that it is beneficial because it makes a candidate who has only regional appeal, have to work harder in other states to show that he would be fair to all states, not just the ones that support him. Furthermore, it allows for massive regional advantages, like the South, mean nothing because they would still have to convince the North to vote for them. The opposing side might argue that if a candidate has regional appeal, they should just let that win them the election, but a successful president should be able to sway the whole country into voting for him, not just a certain region. Thus, showing that regional advantages prove meaningless with the Electoral College, making it less unfair to other regions.

In addition, the Electoral College eliminates the unfair advangate of having a bigger state, allowing smaller states to have a significance in the election." The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution." This shows that large states can sway the whole election, while small states don't make a dent on it, without the Electoral College in place. Thus, using it allows smaller states' votes to matter in the election, while eliminating large states' advantage over them. People might claim that large states deserve more representation because more people live in them, but this doesn't preserve the equality for other smaller states's citizens that the United States stands for. This makes it apparent that without the Electoral College only the "big states" would matter and the candidates wouldn't have to worry about the small states.

Finally, the Electoral College does its best to eliminate the issue of not being able to determine the winner when the majority vote does not differ. " Most states have a winner-take-all system that  awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate." This stops the problem that occured in 1968 with Nixon and 1992 with Clinton, and provides a clear definite way to choose the winner. If the Electoral College wasn't in use, lengthy recounts and much controversy would follow elections to try to determine if the votes were fair; this would cause too much strife and unrest within the country. It can be argued that even with the conflict it provides the people a chance to make their votes count, but it does more harm than good and it doesn't truly change anything. As a result, the Electoral College solves the issue of uncertainty and significance of vote.

In essence, the Electoral College is necessary for the balance and order in the United States to remain. It provides a fair representation and campaign for all regions, allows votes from states with fewer population numbers to have significance, and avoids the issue of trying to determine the president when neither receives the majority vote. This all shows that fewer problems arise when using this procedure, rather than if they use majority vote. "You help choose your state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors." This shows that the citizens still have power in choosing their candidate and it creates a balance with other parties. In conclusion, the Electoral College should be kept to preserve the integrity and equality the United States is all about.    