Instead of having the same boring schedule every day of going to school, home, repeat, imagine being able to dress up for home games with your sports team, or hanging out with friends after school to work on the plans for the yearbook! Adding the rule that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity would be a fantastic way to make sure that students are getting involved with their school. There are so many choices for everyone in the school. From sports, to crafting, Future Business Leaders, and many more, students are sure to find something that they enjoy. Doing extracurricular activities can help make friends, keep you active, and form a second family away from home. It can also help you later in life with time management skills, and help keep your grades up.

A benefit that comes with joining a team, club, or organization with other people is making friends. It's hard to make friends at school because of constant changing classes and so many people split up. Especially when it comes to sports, you can form a second family. Being on a team, you know that people have your back during a game. After being involved with the same group of people, you start to form a bond that makes everyone so close. Having an outlet with people that you know, and are close to, can really have a positive impact on you're life.

Later on in life, students will remember the work that they put in, and remember the friendships that they made. The habits of time management that come with being a part of multiple things at one time will stick with them. This includes having to wake up early to go to a practice, or meeting. Also being organized and prepared is a big part of the responsibilities that come with joining a group. To be allowed to be in extracurricular activities, you must be a student in good standing. Which means you need to be passing all your classes in order to do anything before of after school. This rule makes students strive to have better grades so that they are able to participate.

There are mostly benefits when it comes to having this addition to the schools policy, it would be a very smart thing to put in place. From making new friends, to doing better in school and later on in life, the schools fresh and more positive environment will be full of hardworking and high striving students. The involvement in organizations has a lot bigger of an impact than you think.