"Honey, could you go to the CVS and get me some nyquil.

I'm dying here," mom says.

"Yeah, I'll be back in a bit."

I grab my keys from my pocket and head outside. I unlock my new driveless car and climb in. "Take me to the CVS," I tell the car. It roars to life and backs out of the parking lot. It's been not even two miles and this thing is starting to glitch. "You will be taking possesion of this car in five minutes, ma'am," the car commands. I panic and take hold of the violently shaking steering wheel. Traffics harsh tonight meaning there's some kind of party out in town. The driveless car just unexpectedly starts going in the wrong direction, making me go in shock.

Before I do a full turn I see a lady talking to her baby inside the car. I try to brake, but it just won't budge. I pray that I won't do any harm to them. Unfortunetly it does. I run smack into the front rear, making me black out. They say that before you die, your life flashes back through your eyes. But mine didn't.

I instintly think of mom, dying there in her room, waiting for me to come back. But I won't and this is all because of this driveless car. As you can see driveless cars are not safe because it can harm people, it's new technology is very unfamiliar, and it is not as driveless as you think.

Millions of people will die if you provide them with these cars. If you think harm is done only to you, then you are wrong. You can injure lots of people with only one lifeless car. A car with a mind that could turn into your enemy. It might seem a great idea to most of all over social media, but once they buy them then you will harm then. Not only will they sue the company, but have a bad record on there shoulders.

As you can see, new technology can be very unpredictable.

You won't know what is in this bizzare car that is being monitored with itself. And as the article says, it will also monitor you.

I think that this is not just crazy but scary too. And with this new technology you won't learn to handle a car by yourself, and I would want to.

These driveless cars you've been hearing about aren't always true.

It will say that it drives itself. It will eventually come to some point where the car can't handle the heavy traffic and pass it on to you. Yep that's right, you get to control a car that does not want to be handled.

A driveless car is a facade for hidding the real truth. Because that's what it's doing.

Hiding the truth.

These driveless cars I've been telling you about won't make this world any better.

Imagine Earth being invaded by robots. That's right, the new apacolypse. You see these can be extremely dangerous to the environment and the people inside the car. This new technology can't be acurate. There can be some huge change in it that you won't see it coming from two inches away.

And this driveless car being controlled but not by its driver is a false fact. You will eventually drive it too. But this new experiment may be the cause of not returning to your home and giving your mom that nyquil that she wanted so badly because she was dying.

Do you want that?        