Your principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity . For example , students could participate in sports ,

work on the yearbook ,

or serve on the student council .

1. I agree because , every student should be athletic . It's good because it could distract them from all the negative things going on in the school . Being athletic sets a good look on you especially if your good at the sport , its also a good way to make friends . It also helps to get focus off of so many things . Doing sports makes you only have to focus on keeping your grade to stay in that sport . It may also be good for stress it could possibly relieve it and it makes you feel great .

2. Working on a yearbook may not be that interesting or entertaining to most students but it still a good way to set a good look on yourself . Not everyone thinks yearbook is fun but everyone has their own opinions it's a great distraction . Yearbook club also helps you meet new people , yearbook club is not really a sport but it's still something someone could feel good about doing . It could possibly seem boring to you but , if you like to take pictures there's one positive thing about yearbook club that you could like . It's always good to try something don't be so original , it's okay to find out what your good at and what your not .

3. Working as student council is a really good outlook , people would come to you about things they need help with . It's always good to help people students would like you more . People would look at you as a friend that they could always come to if they needed to talk , or if they needed someone to talk to about something personal . It sets a good role model for you , a lot of younger kids look up to you . You should always treat people they way that you wanted to be treated . Working as a student council means people come to you about things they would never go to anyone else about . They trust you with their secrets and they trust your to give them good advice .

4. The main reason the principal would want their students to do more sports is to keep them out of stuff , get their mindset off of the negative things . Doing sports or something you are interested in makes you feel good , and it makes other people look at you in a positive way . It's good to try new things and to explore, do things different sometimes .