I think that the "Facial Action Coding System" may actually be valuable. The machine detects emotions from using a picture and that can help with knowing how a person feels. The machine uses the muscles in your face to detect your emotions, it calulates all emotions found, and has most of the common emotions so the FACS has a very good chance of being accurate and valuable.

The machine uses the muscles in your face to detect emotions. This is useful because different muscles makes different emotions, In the article the athour explained how the machine can tell if someone was happy or not. "To an expert, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebrity isn't being truthful." That explains that even if the person tries to change their emotion the real one will still be seen because of the muscles that they are using.

The "Facial Action Coding System" calulates all the emotions found in the persons face. Since the machine can calulate all the emotions it has a better chance if getting the right exact emotion the person is feeling and get all the emotions. This machine would be about to detect how any person is feeling and can show up at 6 emotions.

With the machine being able to caluate your emotions its able to detect up to 6 different emotions that people use everyday. "She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. That was a discription of the Mona Lisa painting that the FACS gave. This shows how many differnt emotions she had and the machine was able to pick them all up.

The Facial Action Coding System is usefully when it comes to trying to figure out someone elses emotions. The machine uses the muscles in your face to detect your emotions, it calulates all emotions found, and has most of the common emotions so the FACS has a very good chance of being accurate and valuable. I personally think this device is a good idea and that it may be really accurate in finding emotions.