The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents becasue people are intrested in how the solar system works today. Venus can be very intresting if it's something you like to learn about. As the Article says "On the planet's surface temperatures average over 800 degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater then what we experience on our own planet." Knowing we couldn't go there maybe people lose intrest in the planet, but there's a lot more to learn about it. There are some positive things about the planet that you might know or maybe you could learn. Venus is one of the hottest plantes we haveand it could be very dangrous, but it also has some futures just like earth does.

Venus is the second planet from the sun and knowing that it's so close must mean that it really is hot. But also, as i have said it's really simmular to Earth. As is says in the article "It may have well been the most Earth-like planet." Also they have said that Venus has some feature that are just like earth "The planet has a suface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features like valleys, moutains, and craters." Knowing a little about Venus you have so much more to learn.

If your looking a Venus from a far because you can't go on it, and neither could the spaceships...you can't really get a good look at the ground or the planet itself. So there may be something else that's intresting about venus that we don't know yet. As I have read in the text it was saying that NASA is working on new ways to study venus. NASA has always found a way to create something that will last on the planets that we want to explore. Venus is intrestiong because it so hot even some of the objects they want to use they can't.

Reading about venus I have learned a lot, like venus is one of the brightestv points in the sky and when it gets dark you coould see it. Something new as the article says they are trying to figure out whats strong enough to last in venus's conditions. Today they use powerful computers, as it says in the article "Modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible and quick."

Today they are learing new ways and soon you'll know more about Venus.         