I think having every student be in a extracurricular activity is a great idea and i completely agree with the principal. Students might not have any plans after school, but what would be better than being in a after school club with a group of your peers. Or for athletic students they could be on one of the sports teams. Having students be in a extracurricular activity is a win-win in every situation. I think students should be in at least one extracurricular activity because, it could help students with their school work, it can be a opportunity for students to become more social and make new friends, and it could help students get to know the school and staff and make the school a better learning environment.

Some students might need help in some of their classes. So because of that reason they could be in an extracurricular club like study hall or homework club. Students could help each other master the material by reading it over with each other or quizzing each other on the material. If a student cant be with a teacher after school for whatever reason they could go to a student in their class for help. Sometimes getting help from one of your classmates can be better than getting help from a teacher. These are ways students could get help in school from having extracurricular activities and have more success in their classes.

By being in a extracurricular activity like book club or yearbook, it could be an opportunity for students to become more social and meet new people. Some students could be quiet and anti-social but, by being in these activities they could meet new friends and people to talk to at school. They could meet those who they share common interest like video games for example and could bond over those things. Or people who like sports and like to talk about sports. Extracurricular activities can be a great way for students to bond and get to know the people they go to school with.

Being in these extracurricular activities students can get to know the school and staff better and make their school a better learning environment for themselves and others. Some students might not know a lot of information about the school they're attending. But with these activities students can connect with their teachers and staff on a deeper level and get to know them more. This could also help them in the classroom. By knowing more about their school they could contribute to making their school a better learning, safe, and fun environment to be in. This is how being in an extracurricular activity can help students get to know their school, the people that work there, and make the school a better environment.

I think having every student be in a extracurricular activity is a great idea and it should be implemented into the school. There are a lot of great things and opportunities coming from this decision. It can help students more than just academically. It can also help them socially. They can connect more with their school and make it a better place. In conclusion these are the reasons I agree with the principal and I think all students should be in at least one extracurricular activity.