Driverless cars are very unecessary and will only cause trouble that can be avoided. These cars are unecessary, because driving is not one of the huge problems in the world. A lot of other issues should be viewed as more urgent to take care of, than the development of cars that do not need people behind the wheel and in control. They will only cause problems, because they can easily get into accidents, among many other issues. It was just spoken about this week in the news: Google's car got into its first accident.

In order to completely transfer over to driverless cars, a lot of things have to be changed and developed. Not only are the cars themselves problematic (they are not even able to react around an accident site), but there are no laws stating who is responsible if a vehicle with no driver causes an accident to happen. Who is held responsible in the end? A prediction some can make is that many lawsuits will be formed against both the maker of the vehicle, and the driver behind the wheel. The question will also arise that if neither were in control, can you blame something such as a car? Another problem that the cars could create, is a huge spending issue. In the article it is stated that a certain device "cost two hundred million dollars." That is a lot of money to spend on the system for one car. And the cars need many sensors in order for them to run smoothly, such as," a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors," and that might be roughly half of all one car needs. Another problem that could arise is the conditions of roads. Many of the driverless cars that the article states have been developed have needed specific conditions in order to function correctly, such as "a special test track" or "magnets with alternating polarity." How would those cars function in an everyday situation out on the open road? Not very well. So how would they be able to develop a vehicle that can operate on a true highway, as well as on the many other types of roadways in the world? An issue that should be brought up also, is that none of the developed vehicles have been completely driverless. They need humans to do certain things for them behind the wheel, such as navigating crash scenes. What happens if a driver who is bored while their car drives for them forgets to be paying attention?

In conclusion, driverless cars are not something that should be stood for. They will only create trouble that is not needed in the world, and can possibly lead to way bigger issues, such as in our economy. The development and actual distribution of these cars would be something unprecedented and who knows what could come of unprecedented things. In reading this article, it was easy to pick out things that could go wrong, and reasons it would not be in the world's best interest to go further in the development, but it was a lot harder to pick out what could go right and how these cars could help the world. If something might do more harm than good, why do it? 