Actress and singer Audrey Hepburn once remarked, "Nothing is impossible. The word itself say I'm possible!" The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," agrees. They claim that although venturing to a planet that is seeminly un-explorable is dangerous, it is also a worthwhile and necessary mission. By justifying why it is crucial to continue our efforts to explore Venus, and additionally through their explanation as to how this can safely be accomplished, the author of this article strongly supports their idea that studying Venus is a noble pursuit despite the many obstacles that it creates.

One way that the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" supports their claim is by explaining the sheer value and benefit of going to Venus. While it is true that several conditions on Venus' surface are inhospitable and unable to support or sustain human life, the author claims that "astronomers are fascniated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system," (para 4). This might lead to discoveries that could help us understand or predict Earth's future evolution patterns. Besides this, Venus is at times the closest planet to Earth as "Earth, Venus and Mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds. These differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus," (2). This could be extremely beneficial to both the inhabitants of earth and for future space travel because Venus will sometimes be our "nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel," (4). All of these statements and claims that the author make support his/her claim that the exploration of Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it entails as they are quite literally explaining to their readers why exploration is as important as it is. This tactic has the ability to make audiences aware of the importance of such a mission, and hopefully persuade them to agree.

Additionally, the author supports his/her claim by revealing how a mission to Venus can be carried out in a safe, mannerly way. This, in turn, aids in convincing readers that might have originally disgareed with the author due to the fact that Venus' "conditions are fare more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth; such an environment would crush even a submarine assustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals," (3). The author, after making this counterclaim, refutes it by talking of some solutions to this ever-looming issue: "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions of the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape," (5). The author talks of how the air pressure, temperature and radiation would all be survivable for humans. Some, such as the air pressure 30 miles above Venus, would be almost identical to Earth at sea level. The author also disscusses other potential solutions, such as possibly using silicon carbide, a material that has "been tested in a chmaber simulating the chaos of Venus' surface and [has] lasted for three weeks in such conditions," (7). These all are possible ways to make a trip to Venus much safer and, more importantly, they all help support the author's claim.

Overall, the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" makes a claim that although Venus has some exceptionally dangerous conditions, it is a planet worth exploring. They support this claim very well by explaining the importance of going to Venus, and providing a few solutions that might reduce the risk factor of this type of mission. All in all, this author, much like Audrey Hepburn, proves through this article that they feel that nothing is truly impossible, not even a trip to Venus. After all, like Hepburn says, the word does state "I'm possible!"