There has been a lot of dispute about the electoral college, therefore causing much confusion. The president should be elected by popular vote only. This allows all voters to be treated equal, avoid untrsutworthhy electors and everyone will be given the same amount of knowledge about the campaigns.

The electoral college creates an unfair set up for the voters. The winner-takes all system gives all the electors to the presidential candidate who won. This system disregards that the opposing candidate received any votes, because all the electors are given to the winner. This doesn't give a chance to the candidates whose party is not necessarily popular in that state. Candidates, therefore spend more time and money campaigning in states they know their party is popular in. According to Bradfor Plumer in 2000, 25 of the largest media markets did not see a campaign ad, because they lived in one of the seventeen states that had no campaigning. Some candiates don't even campaign in some states based on this. According to an excerpt from

Mother Jones by Bradford Plumer most candidates focus on the "swing" states where it is close competiton.  In the case of tie in the electoral vote, the house of reprensentatives vote. This means one  vote represents the whole state. How is that fair for a state like Wyoming that has 500,000 voters?

Another popular dilema of the electoral college is untrustworthy electors. The electors are chosen in different ways. According to Bradford Palmer in 1960 there was a problemwith the Louisiana legistlature choosing bias electors. Segregationists wanted to be rid the democratic electors and replace them with electors who would not vote for John F. Kennedy. In another case, there has been a history of electors voting for whom they want instead of their party's vote.

Voters often are not update onall the campaigns due to the unfairness of the electoral vote. There's no doubt that the electoral college is a confusing subject, but this often creates confusion in the ballot box too. There has been times when voters have casted votes for the wrong candidate. The voters know about the presidential candidate not the elector. States often do not get the same level of campaigning as eachother. According to

Slate Magazine a larger state gets more attention from the presidential candidates than a smaller state does. Over 60 percent of citizens who vote would like a direct election instead of the kind we have now, says Bradford Palmer.

The electoral college has caused enough confusion in its lifetime. The United States should change to using only the popular vote to allow all the voters to be created equal, avoid untrustworthy electors, and everyone will be given the same amount of knowledge. This will prevent bias people and a more knowledgable campaign.                    