How Getting and Asking for Multiple Opinions Can Help You Make a Better Decision

Have you ever had to make an important life decision? It can be very difficult, depending on the impact of your decision, to choose right away. As a result, you might ask your peers to give you advice to make the right choice. You may find that you agree with some people and disagree with others. Other times you might have to meet in the middle and find pros and cons about everyone's opinion and then make a decision with that information. Like I said, not easy right? However, if you ask multiple people for advice on your decision, you can gain multiple points of view, you might find it easier to make your decision with other opinions, and you might find a better option through multiple opinions rather than just one.

First and foremost, you can gain multiple points of view. Everyone has a different way of thinking. Your best friends way of thinking is very different than yours. Sometimes you might have the smarter idea, sometimes they will have the smarter idea. I know if I had to make a big, life-changing decision that I would ask all of my closest friends. I can recall one time when I was making a personal decision about a year ago, and I did not know what to do. I asked my closest friends what I should do, and almost all of them responded just about how I expected them to. Most of them said they wanted to see me happy, so they encouraged me to choose the decision that would make me the happiest. Others gave me facts, pros and cons, and why they would be disappointed if I made one decision over the other. They then told me that they believed in me, and I would eventually make the right decision. Having those multiple points of view on what they thought really helped me decide on what I should do. I think if I had not have asked them for advice, I would have made a decision I would have regretted.

Secondly, if you ask for multiple opinions, you might be find it easier to make your decision with opinions other than your own. Sometimes when a decision is very impactful, you can get stressed out over the choice you want to make. Asking others may make deciding easier because all you have to honestly do is listen to their ideas and decide if you agree with them or not. Then, using your common sense and their advice, you can choose the decision you believe is best for you . Also, you actually might know what you are going to choose. But you might still want to ask other people what they think because that can "confirm" that you have made the right decision.

Lastly, when you get advice from multiple people, you can find a better option than you originally thought. Let's say you have weighed your options of certain decisions that you think are the right decisions. You chose what you think, in your mind, is best. You then ask your friends for their opinion, and suddenly everyone is saying everything different than what you thought. All of your wonderful thoughts are suddenly crushed with a wrecking ball. After listening to all of their thoughts, you find some are much more brilliant than yours. You then go back and completely rethink your decisions, just because of those few opinions. After extensive thought, you decide that your original idea was bogus. When you first make a decision, even if you had thought about for a long time, the stress of making a decision quick can sometimes fog your thinking. That is why having other people's opinions can help you make the right decision, even if it is the second time trying to choose what is best for you.

All in all, having people help you is very, very important. I believe if I did not have people help me, not even just give me advice, that I would not do my best in school. We as humans need other humans! It's just how it goes. Asking for advice is a pretty normal thing to do. When asking for advice, remember it can only positively effect you by giving you different points of view, help you make a better decision, and you possibly can find a better choice than you originally thought. 