One big thing i want to happen is that the electoral college for voting should be changed for popular vote for the prsident because i think that if you change it voting would go a lot easier than it do now. Why? because the electoral college is a more complicated voting matter that people often do and get their votes mixed up and  it takes more effort and time just to vote rather than a easy popular vote that people can measure off a chart or graph to see with person should get elected.

Another thing about the voting process i think i shoul'd talk about is some of the possible problems you can come across after this change in the voting process. there's one thing thats possible of happening is that a lot of people might nor agree with changing the voting process because they dont want to learn a new one because they are so used to the one they already doing. Another one is that poeple might think things would go more worse if someone mad a change because of they way the votes are coming in and if you voting on a behalf of a friend and send the vote to the wrong person and the other person lost by 1 vote when you didn't mean to send that, they should have a computer system that you use that makes sure you really want to vote on that person.

It is another major thing about voting that needs to be discuss. when all these thousands of people vote they votes should actually count not just have people vote and then the only votes that count is the people in some court room that have more business people come in to vote and only there's count. But i think people waist a lot of their time with the electoral college because of how it works and the way peopple send their votes and who the votes actually going to.

The winner of the election is the most important one because he is the main focu now because his votes were more popular of just alot more than the other person, but thats what i want to talk about. even though the winner won he still have to pay attention to the other candidates but they should have a system that protects the winner files and have people haves a good watch on the people who is elected to see what their background life is like their history and what they do everyday to make sure that person isn't trying no horrible plan for something.    