Imagine this: Rolling around in a field with your great friends, some you don't know, but some you want to meet. Having fun, laughing, enjoying life. Some people don't get to enjoy that experience. Some students don't want to push themselves for something they want to strive for. I think that it is important that students give extracurricular activities a try. People can meet new people, students could have a really fun time, and it can be a great way to find a new activity that you are really good at and like. Students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

First of all, I think that it can be a fun and exciting experience for students. For example, Bill Smith from the Virginia Board of Education implies, "Lots of children don't love school, so I believe that if there is anyway to make it a little more exciting and have fun activities, then kids would like it better." I think that is a good point, lots of kids and including me don't love school so it would be cool if we had to do an activity because maybe that is something students would look forward to after a long day of school. Being in an extracurricular activity can be a great opportunity to have fun and not worry about school, which I think is important. That does depend on what activity you are doing. You want to be doing one that you love, because if you werent then it would not be a happy experience.

Secondly, extracurricular activities can be a great way for you to find out what you like and who you are as a person. For example, Sally Sue, secretary of the Bayview High Middle School say that, "Finding out who you are and your strengths is a very important thing for this world and who you want to become." That is a very good thought, I think that who you are is an important thing for you to figure out. Even from just doing a silly extracurricular activity you can find out what you are good at and what you can accomplish for life up ahead. I know a friend who is doing a yearbook and photography club, and maybe that is her way of finding out if she wants to do photography when she is older or not. It is a great way to find out if you want to do it in the future.

Finally, I believe that participating in different activities you can find new friends and meet people who you don't usually talk to. One thing PROPER_NAME from SCHOOL_NAME suggest, "Lot of kids are in different programs here, but not a lot of the kids know each other. We purposely put kids in different groups to learn about each other." That is a cool idea. I feel that at our school not everybody knows each other, having those actives, I believe could solve that. For example, I was in this club at my school and I had no friends in it and I didn't really like it because of that. Then I started talking to people and I started to become really good friends with some people that I am still friends with to this day.

Some people believe that students may be to busy for these activities. Editor Jerry Ram from the Michigan Company says that "Students and teachers are busy a lot of the times, kids have homework and other things going on in their lives." On the other hand, the activity does not have to be very long nor everyday and it could even be during school at the end of the day. For example, Timmy Lung from the Board of Supervisors argues "When people thing about activities they think after school, but that is not the case. Activities can be during any time of the school day." I agree with that, when we do Clubs at BRMS we do them at the end of the day. That way kids can go home and go and do homework and have time for their other sport. I know that if we had extracurricular activities after school then it would be hard for me because I have other sports to do and lots of homework on top of that.

To sum up, students should all try at least one extracurricular activity. Doing this, It can give kids a try on what they may want to do when they grow up and for the future, it also could be a very fun and exciting experience for the students, and lastly students could meet and talk to new students that they don't typically talk to. For this to happen you need to take action so you should go and write a letter to your principle saying and expressing what you think. Also if you are already doing an extracurricular activity then speak up to people you don't really talk to and be open minded to anyone.