Fellow citizens it is important that we talk about the advantages of limiting car usage. In the first story it says " there have been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser, and better for walking ..." it also says that " passenger cars are respondible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe ... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." David Goldberg said, an official of Transportation for America, a fast-growing coalition of hundreds of groups in the U.S....who are promoting new communities that are less dependent on cars, " all of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change".

In the story "

Paris bans driving due to smog"

talks about how after days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. It says that on Mondays motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day, I think that this should happen all around the world, so the world can be a better palce to live in. Here is a fact form the stroy, " Paris typically has more smog then other European capitals . . . [Last] week Paris had a 147 micrograms of particulate matter (PM) per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London". The 3rd stroy was about how in Bogota, Comlombia they do a car-free day, now that should be done here in the U.S.. It says that millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during car-free day, that the streets of the captial city eerily devoid of traffic jams, and that the rain has not stopped people from participating.

The last stroy talks about how the car culture is coming to an end, but i really hope not and i think not. It is here ,in the U.S., the birthpalce of the Model T, a classic car that i love and i would hope so that a lot of more people do too; the home of Detroit, what i know is that they make cars up there; tha place where Wilson Pickett immortalized "Mustang Sally", I do not know what that is but it does sound important. It also says that " driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009..." I mean the highest it went was 2009, we are in 2014, almost 2015, im a young person and i love to drive i think and feel like i can go as fast as light. What all four storys are saying is that cars will be gone sooner or later, i hope later, but the cars is what we need to go places. The car will enither be gone or be impovred some how, the fliying car maybe, but in till that happens, because i live in now, the car is what we have, i know that it's bad for the air, so instead of not using the car we can make it better, better for the world.    