During the 1700's the world did not have transportation like we do now. They had to ride on horses and walk to where they needed to go. Now all we depend on is driving where we need to go. Its hurting our world and the people around who are around it. Their are plenty of advantages of limiting car usage around the world. Many people think its no good side to not driving around everywhere but their are. Stores are becoming closer to walking distance. It stops cars from poluting the world and it lessons stress from the human body.

Everywhere you look you see a store or a building. We drive to places because we think its to far a walk or its a bad day to walk. In the Article "In German Suburb,Life Goes On Without Cars"  it says that in Vauban,Germany they built stores that were a good walking distance on a main street instead on a long far away highway. So that means the stores are closer to you,which is good because you can go alot more often if they are closer and easy to get to. Another advantage to that is that its faster to walk if they bring the stores closer to you. This is some of the advantages to limiting car usage.

Cars are polluting our world everyday and everynight night somebody wants to drive. In the aritcle "paris bans driving due to fog" it says that Paris had to force people to leave their cars at home or they would have to pay a fine if they drive it. It says that it was intense smog. Cars cause alot of damage to the world but people who drive dont see how it's effecting the world. The Smog caused alot of traffic to happen and that most likely caused car accidents to happen. Instead of driving if you walk it helps you not worry about gas prices or anything that you worry about that is related to driving so it relieves stress.

All in all limiting car driving is the way to go. It improves the walking distance to and from the stores. It helps the world from being polluted and relieves stress from your body. Why would'nt you want that for yourself and your family.    