Dear Principal,

I am writing this letter to you on the topic of the two possible policies you are considering regarding students having cell phones in school.

The one that I truly believe would best benefit our school is Policy 2: Not allowing cell phones in school.

This is better than Policy 1 for a number of reasons.

Did you know that 4 out of every 5 eighth graders has a cell phone?

If students were allowed to use their cell phones during free times such a lunch time those without cell phones would feel left out, excluded.

As a middle school we don't want any students feeling hat way for it could lead to stress and more serious matters.

Those that do have cell phones would make fun of these students and these distractions will likely affect all students grades as they would pay even less attention during class.

The question you are forced to ask when you deal with this topic is : What is causing these students to feel obliged to text and use their cell phones during class? Well yes they want to communicate with friends in other class and it's also fun to disobey the rules behind the teachers back.

However, the main reason is due to lack of interest in their academics.

More and more teachers are reverting to teaching methods solely based on note taking and book work.

Not only does this bore students to death but it awakens a rebellious nature within them that causes them to use their cell phones.

The method many students want learn with and will learn by is hands on experiments and class discussions.

This way students will feel more important and unique by being able to participate in class.

They will want to learn more and strive to do their best.

Although Policy 1 is a possible solution to the issue of students using their cell phones and their lack of attention during class it's just not a viable one.

Allowing them to use their cell phones during lunch and free time will have the opposite affect of what is meant of Policy 1.

Although students may continue to feel the urge to use cell phones during class after you enforce policy 2, their view on the matter will change after teaching methods are made better.

Not only will this solve the problem but it will boost student moral and grades.

Thanks for listening to my opinion.

Sincerely,

Student      