The Case of the Driveless Cars

How many movies have you seen that depict the future with advanced technology such as holograms or even driveless cars? How much of a reality could that be? The case of driveless cars has been something that has been going on for awhile. Even around 2009 Google came out with their first almost driveless car. Although driveless cars are depicted as futuristic and magical, really driveless cars seem like more of an endangerment to our economy, our safety and our time.

To begin, the manufacturing of driveless cars is insanely expensive. Where would all this money even come from? We would have to fund it to provide research for a car that doesn't know how to back out of a driveway yet. There has already been 200 million dollars spent on radar a device on a hiltop. So why waste money on something that only goes up to 25 mph and won't even drive if you don't have your hands on the wheel? It seems like driveless really just means assissting. But assissting to who? Obviously not the wallets of the buyers.

Secondly, the driveless cars are supposed to help for the better of the people, they say it would be "safer". But where is the proof that it is safer? Many states have already banned the use of any self-autonomous cars, just leaving out four states who have left them limited use to test out the cars. How can the world just expect for these cars to be safe when we already have superstition over these cars and those who don't will barely let them use the cars too? They also suggest since the driver will probably be bored that they should put in some entertainment in the car. But what happens when, the car stops and has the driver do what they're supposed to, but they aren't prepared because they were entertained by something else? It's unsafe to assume that having all these distracting things around people who are supposed to be driving won't effect how they do in a sudden situation. There is also the hastle of having to reconstruct the roads, which goes back to the point of money and also safety. It is never safe when there is construction going around, especially when they have to reconstruct the whole road in order to make the driveless cars work. This also leads to the third point.

Time is very limited in this day and age. We barely have time to do anything, we have so many errands to run, so many things to do, but it's like we never have enough time. If the expansion of driveless cars would continue we would have to reconstruct the roads, delaying many people with getting to work or going to school, or just everyday things. Then we have to go to the government too, to repeal the ban put over on many states. So, naturally, that will take forever too, because when does the government ever get such controversial things solved super quick? Why waste the time of millions for something we aren't sure of yet?

All in all, the manufacturing of driveless cars is pointless when the car isn't even really driveless. It seems more of a hazard to the economy, the safety of many, and the time of others than it does as an ensuring safe way to get around. In the case of the driveless car, the driveless car lost. There are too many negative effects for it to ever succeed.   