In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit depsite the dangers it presents. The author uses strong details to support this claim throughout the article. Facts and statistics by NASA and other reliable sources are used to back the claims. The author stands by the opinion that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.

The author claims that the idea of inhabiting Venus is worthy due to its similarity to Earth. Paragraph 4 states, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). If Venus could've supported human life long ago, it is likely the planet still can. The scientific facts throughout this statement support the author's claim by having a reliable source of information, supporting the idea. Paragraph 4 reads, "Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). Venus already has Earth-like landscapes and other similar formations. This supports the author's idea of exploring Venus because it is so similar to Earth, the chances of survival are higher than any other planet.

Although Venus is analogous to Earth, there are slight differences of the two planets. Earth has average low and high temperatures, while the temperatures of Venus are more extreme. Paragraph 5 reads, "At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. Solar power would be plentiful, and radiaton would not exceed Earth levels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). As stated, the conditions would not be easy for humans, but survivable at the least. This supports the author's claim because this proves human life could be achieveable overall. This means there is a worthy reason to explore Venus; to discover another habitable planet. Along with successful life on Venus, our modern technology could also survive the planet. Paragraph 5 states, "Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground codnitions by staying up and out of their way" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). Moreover, if airplanes are already in existence, new aircrafts would need to be slightly adjusted to suit the conditions of Venus. The author's claim is supported in this quote because this is another reason Venus is worth exploring. The technology needed is already almost perfect for the planet, therefore not a problem NASA would have to approach.

Some issues still remain for the exploration, however NASA has already started preparing solutions. The heated state of the planet may be an issue, but NASA is studying a resolution. Paragraph 7 reads, "For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). This new technology created could lead to a long-lasting basis for human life, yet another reason exploring Venus is a brilliant idea. Modern technology is too fragile for the harsh heat of the planet, but with some older computers, that as well could survive on Venus. Paragraph 7 reads, "The thought of (mechanical) computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. Modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). This is yet another piece of technology on Earth and prepared for Venus. The author's claim is supported in this statement because it is a simple solution to technology on Venus. There are very few rebuttals that overcome the postive effects of pursuing Venus.

With all the easy fixes, solutions and prep planned for Venus, the author's claim is overwhelmingly supported. The author proved Venus is certainly a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The positive outcomes outweigh the negatives in almost every aspect of this idea. There are multiple reasons presented in "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" that prove attempting to explore Venus has a more successful outlook than not. Throughout the article, the facts and claims highly support the author's claim of Venus being a worthy planet to pursue.