Have you ever asked someone for advice? If yes, then you know it can be a good thing. Asking for advice means to get other people's take on different options and seeing others choices. For example, teenagers ask for advice on their Instagram photos and their outfits all of the time. It helps them decide what they want to post or wear. Also, just know that there are no strict rules on how or what to ask advice for either, it is a very casual thing. There is no harm in asking for advice and this action is a very common thing to do. Asking for advice can be very beneficial by having multiple options, seeing different point of views, and increase the chance of having a happier life.

To start, gathering different options will let you see how others think. Also, having different choices will let you think and pick your options carefully. One time, there was a women who had a medical emergency, so she decided to go to a hospital. The hospital said she had a really bad disease, and that there was no cure. To double check that information she decided to visit another hospital, they said it was just a simple sickness and they prescribed her some medicine. She then went on with her life and she was fine, but now she knows to double check things, especially if they are going to cost a lot of money. Having multiple options can save you money and stress. In conclusion, always get a second or even a third opinion, you never know what could happen and even if nothing changes you made sure everything was okay. Having those extra opinions will save you stress and you will not have to worry.

Secondly, seeking other opinions lets you notice different points of views. Having different points of views means to see how other people react and respond. When you get a new point of view you can make a pro and con check list. A pro and con check list is when you list all of the good things and list all of the bad things for that one opinion. These check list are very versatile, and can be used in many different ways. One example is, picking a restaurant to eat at, for the pros you could say, the food tastes good, but the waits are long and the service is not that great. So now you decide you do not want to eat there and you go to an even better restaurant. Another example is, for spring break you want to go on vacation, but you also want to stay home and rest. When you make a list you can decide witch one you want to do most or the one with the most pros listed. Asking others for their opinions can persuade your choices and also give you ideas. Overall, having other peoples opinions can better your life as well as theirs

Lastly, having others opinions and seeking all of your options can help you make better choices. It can help you make better choices by giving you different example of what you want to do. It also will increase your chances of having a happier life. Having a good life should be enjoying what you do and be excited about where you are and how you live your life. Having others options can benefit your life by asking where to visit in the world or where to travel to. Other opinions will also, help you realize your consequences. You may not know you are making a bad choice, but by getting others intake you will realize if you are making a good or bad choice. A parent or guardian is always a person to go to if you are not sure if you are making a bad choice or not. A teacher or school counselor can help with problems too. All of these people can give you advice that will most likely help you.

In conclusion, Having others opinions and in tail can only benefit you and your life. If you are indecisive you can make a pro and con check list or just listen to other peoples ideas, but make sure you decide what you think is best for you. Only you know how to improve your life, but you may just need a little help. Always try and get a second and even a third opinion. Overall, having multiple options will make your life better and help show the good and bad consequences. 