Summer has finally arrived! No more waking up at the crack of dawn and doing three hours of homework each night. Cheers, to where the fun really begins! That is, until your parents get the email from your teachers explaining the project you have to do this summer. For most of my life, I thought the projects that were given to us during our summer break, was outrageous and too time consuming. Looking back at things now, if it wasnt for those summer projects then I wouldnt have been as prepared as I have been to proceed onto the next grade level. Students tried to protest against not having summer projects at all, but that idea was shut down fast. Instead, the board of education agreed to hold a national vote on whether or not the summer projects should be student based or teacher based. If the projects are teacher based students wouldnt slack in order to get the project done they will actually complete it and teachers are trying to prepare you, they know the material best and are trying to provide materials they know you will need in order to be successful this coming year.

Firstly, in order to continue learning throughout the summer teachers should create the summer project rather than it being student designed. Due to the reason that students would take it more serious than if they were the ones who could choose what the project was based on. For example, If the eleventh grade teacher gives all of her students a sheet of paper with a list of more than fifty books that the students are able to choose from, to help prepare them for next year, students know they have to read it and do all the work that comes along with it. But, if the students were able to design the project they could do, they would most likely choose the route that requires little to no effort to have to be put into it. They would choose the book that they have read over one hundred times in the third grade in which they have memorized every comic strip that was said in the book. Making sure that what is given to the students is actually going to help them in the long run and prepare them, shows the students that you truly care about their success in education. If students could design the project, they would do something the last week of summer that is, in which, super fast and easy and turn it in to the teacher the first day of school.

Secondly, to insure students are expanding their learning throughout the summer, teachers should be the ones to design the summer projects. They are the teachers and have gone through elementary, middle and high school just as most people have. But, they have also gone to college in order to be a teacher. They have learned specific material in which they need to know to become a teacher, regardless of the school. They have already have gone through their studies and have mastered the material. As students you are just now learning things as you grow and develop. To better understand, teachers go to school much longer than student to make sure that they know what they are doing and that they are able to teach the material to all different kinds of students. They know what we need to know and want to help prepare us for the new year abroad. Now if the students were to choose the project then they could possibly choose a subject in which is completely wrong and not needed for the following year to help you learn.

Thirdly, summer is the only time off school, besides the weekends, where students actually get a break from everything. They no longer have to worry about grades or the big test coming up, its just days full of warmth and relaxation. Summer time is the time of year when no student should have to be doing any sort of school work at all. All students go to school for nine months out of the year, which leaves the three months to do absolutely nothing. Although all students dislike the summer work that the teachers push on them, they dont understand how beneficial it is for them. Keeping your brain fresh with new knowledge everyday is what is needed in order to retain the information. Teachers dont assign the summer work to be evil toward you, they do it because they want you to be successful in the new school year. They want to set you up for success not failure.

Lastly, In order to be successful and retain all the information needed to help you prosper as a student in the near future, teachers should be the ones designing the summer projects. Teachers are helpful in many ways and ensure that they wants to best for you. They do all they can in their power in order for you to be successful. With projects that are teacher designed, students wouldnt slack to do the project, they would actually take time to do it and do it the right way and also the teachers are trying to prepare you for success, they know the material best and are trying to provide materials that they know you will need in the following year. 