The Electoral college has been around for a long time but, do we really need it? Is it your votes that affecting your next president. Under the electoral college it is not. The electoral college says that voters do no vote for the president but for a slate of the electors, which elect the presidents. We need to kept the voting process we have now so that way we don't arguments throughout the states. In the electoral college yoor vote is sent to someone not holding public office.

When you vote you are getting a slate of the vote and to feel that their vote does not matter, that the new president will have no regard for their interest,is he really your president. The way we vote today is not that best we can do in some ways. I think that we need to have all the voters votes count towards the president that they want. We should let the people vote for who they want and not for someone else to vote for you. The constituiton says "We the people, By the people,For the people." So we should vote for who we want to represent us. The electoral college is based of a winner take all method of awarding electoral votes induces the canidates.

Another factor that is wrong with the electoral college is that bigger states like Californa get more votes than Columbia. So for example, say that Californa gets 45 electoral votes and then Columbia has the same amount of voters vote for the president they want they will only gte about 5 to 8 because of the state size. Once again restating that we need to vote for we want to and have everyone's vote coung not just the votes added up and then shrunk to electoral votes. The electoral college does have some help in some ways like in a run-off election. The electoral college help control that and produces a clear winner.

The elecoral college does some advantages too, but it still has disadvantges. The electoral college is  the president wins by popular vote. The electoral college has a total of 538 electors but, sometimes the electors don't always listen to their voters and vote for who they want not who the state wants. The president has their own group of electors which have been chosen by the canidate's political party, but certain state lwas vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are. The election is every four years on the first Tuesday of November, which gives you time to think who you want to be the next president and cast a vote, but with the electoral college your vote could not really count. Have knowing that your vote may not count will make you upset and rethink about voting.

In conclusion, the eletoral college has some good things that does help us but, it has bad things too that make is sadband angry. We decide who we want to run our country but, e need to think about how the voting process really works. I am only one person but, one person can make a difference. So just remeber on thing 'We the people, By the people, For the people."    