on the earth cars or any motored vechle are generally accepted due to how long we have had them in our society. Cars are creating green house gases that are polluting the earth. in the France cars have been banned and have lead to geat things. Making suburbs much more compact then they are right now will lead to less car usage.

"All of our development since World war 2 has been centered on car,and that will have to change" said David goldberg, an official of transportation for America. but nothing has gotten better since all this years. pollution of greenhouse gases in the uk are up to 12 percent and in the united states an estimate of atleast 50 percent in most car intensive areas. Mr. goldberg also stated "how much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid" which is also something that is not taken into account.

In paris there had a offical ban from drving your cars, people who were caught driving cars were fined up to 22-euro($31).Cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emisssions. Caris typically has more smog than other european capitals with paris having up to 147 micro grams of particulate matter (pm) per cubic meter compared with 114 in brussels and 79.7 in london, reuters found. Congestion was down 60% after just five-days of intensifying smog which even rivaled places such beijing and china.

Suburbs and cities are very wide leading to one of the main reasons for motored-vechile. But there have been efforts in the last two decades to make cities denser which have lead to greatly less car usasge. Places like vauban,home to 5,500 residents within a rectangular square mile. Vauban having made its suburbs compact and public transportantion has lead to it being a very well success.

People do not understand what effects cars are having on the world but hopefully them will before this issues go even farther. With cars creating greenhouse gases that are destroying the atmosphere in large sections of are planet. But places such as paris have been finally trying to make a differences and put a partial ban on cars. and one of the best ways could be to make cities and suburbs more compact. Hopefully now you have taken something away from this.            