Do you believe in aliens? An abundance of people in America think there are others among us from other planets and galaxies. They believe this for a variety of reasons, such as UFO sightings or because of the so-called "Face" in Cydonia on the Red Planet Mars. Throughout the years since 1976 we have worked at NASA to discover the secrets of the face, uncovering that it is indeed just a landform with suspicious shadows. The "Face" is just an ordinary landform on Mars with unusual shadowing because of recent pictures taken of the natural landform, scientific evidence, and measurements taken.

To start, NASA has taken recent picture of Cydonia in 2001 that shows it is just a natural landform that has developed on the Red Planet Mars. "On April 8. 2001--a cloudless summer day in Cydonia--Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look. "We had to roll the spacecraft 25 degreesto center the Face in the field of view," said Garvin. "Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution." Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel inv the best 1976 Viking photo." (p. 10). This shows that NASA has gotten a clear photo of the Face with much better photo quality then the first time iit was photographed.

As discussed before, NASA has taken a new and better quality photo of the Face in Cydonia. Using our scientific equiopment at NASA, we have proven just how much better the resolution is on the new phototgraph taken is. ""As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger that the pixel size," he added. So if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the gtround or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!"" (p. 11). This quote from the article shows it has been scientifically proven there is no markings, indentations, or objects around the Face that would make it be a human skull.

Finally, NASA compares the Face landform with similar landforms on Earth in America. The scientist compares the Face with a landform called a buttle or mesa--landforms common around the American West. "it reminds me of Middle Buttle in the Snake ZRiver Plain of Idaho," says Garvin. "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars." (p. 12). This uses a real-life example and measurements to compare the two landforms. The scientist Garvin poinmts out that both landforms--the Middle Buttle in the Snake River Plain of Idaho and the Face on Mars-- are around the height and shape,

On the contrary, some people believe that the face is ""Bona fide" evidence of life on Mars--evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists" (p. 5). In defense, NASA has scientifically proven the "Face" is just a natural landform created on Mars. "What the picture really shows is the Martien equivalent of a buttle or mesa--landforms common around the American West." (p.12).

In conclusion, some people may think there is alien life on Mars because of past picture or conspiracy theories. No one can denty however, that NASA has proven the Face to be nothing but a natural landform on the Red Planet Mars. NASA has proven this by recent pictures, scientific evidence, and real-life examples and measurements. Over the years, NASA has worked hard to figure out the mystery of the face, and just recently they have discovered, with pictyures, evidence, and measruements, that the Face is just a natural landform with unusual shadowing formed on the Red Planet Mars.