I am with the idea of the FACS becaues it seems vary interesting. The idea of a machine that can read emotions is cool. Though can be a little scary that commputer can tell if your happy or sad. But the idea is still cool to think about. I would like to see if they can even get the FACS to work on animals in the furture.

A reasion this could be a good idea is becaues you be able to tell if some one is lying to you. Like if there is a bad persion in court and you wont to know if there lying to your face you just look at the machine and it would tell you. Though some people would like to keep some things a scorit you be able to tell is there lying to you and if there sad as well then you know its a secorit. Many people would be saved and devastated by this machine.

My second reasion for going with the FACS is becaues it may be able to uncover crimes like if the dead persion was sad or happy when they die. Some family members may want to know that but will never know if they don't have the FACS. The FACS seem to be good on paintings so I was thinking that it may work on a dead body. Becaues if it works on Mona Lisa, then it should work on anything that dont use muscle ever or in the past like a dead body.

My therd reasion is if you make it be useable on animals then we can uncover a lot of mysteryes. Like if you wanted to know how your dog or cat felt about you all you had to do was turn on the FACS and see. We could also see if lions kill becaues there mean or becaues they dont know what eals to do. Many things could be uncover thnks to FACS.

Thess are my reasions for choosinf the FACS becaues it can help humans in many ways. We could be one step closer to uncovering mystoryes. I like the idea but many people may dissagree becaues they might say that they want to keep things scroit. But like I sead earlyer use the machine if there lying but also sad then you know it is a scorit. So I beleve the FACS should be able to go to anyone that wants it but that is just a thought.