Dear Florida State Senator,

I am sorry to announce that the unfairness of the Electoral College to the Americna people, has come to my attention. As a fifteen year old highschool student, I will not have to worry about voting for quite some time. However, if the Electoral College continues to be the nation's way of electing a leader, I'm not so sure I will even have the desire to vote when the time comes. Having recently read several  articles on th electoral college, with imformation and claims both supporting and puting down the Electoral College, I am now aware of what it is, and how it works. When a voter votes for the president, the Electoral College makes it so they are actually voting for an elector, or someone who is supposed to vote for the candidate chosen. Although, according to

What Is the Electoral College issued by the Office of the Federal Register, most states have a sort of "winner-take-all" system in which all electorals go to the winning candidate of that state. Electors can be anyone, according to

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer. How Electors are chosen depends entirely of the state! Of course, as a senator you should be well aware of how the Electoral College works. Are you aware of how this affects the American people negatively?

In civics class, students are taught the difference between popular vote and electoral vote. However, seventh grader do not learn the entirety of it, seeing as learning about the Electoral College may affect how they see the country they live in. Popular vote, to my understanding, is the number of votes a candidate recieves from the American people . Electoral vote, the thing that determines who becomes president, is done by the Electors determined when voters chose which candidate they wanted to win. Electoral vote, and popular vote are not the same thing, for instance one could win the popular vote, yet lose the electoral vote. Why is this? Well, one can not promise that an elector, will vote for the same candidate that the American people have already chosen. Also, because of this system, candidates tend to visit only the "swing" states, instead of trying to win over the majority of the country, they focus only on the states which change periodically from red to blue! When I was younger, i used to ask my parent what would happen if a tie ever occured during a presidential election. Now I know. In the case of a tie, the election is thrown into the House of Representatives, where they then vote on the president. Let me explain why this is unfair, each state only casts one vote, so a delegate from Wyoming reprents the vote of 500,000 while a delegate from  California is supposed to represent 35 million! there is no possible way for one person to be able to speak for 500,000+, everyone has their own opinion. Everyone belongs to a political party; not everyone belongs to the same party.

One may argue that the Electoral College is a good thing and must stay for the benefit of the American people. With large states such as Texas and California, swing states, run-off elections, and certainty of outcome, they have a valid point. Of course everyone has a valid opinion, but they would be wrong. The Electoral College is the easy way to decide who will lead the country, not the best way. Today's technology can ensure a more fair way to decide the fate of the nation. I prepose that popular vote be the only way to vote for president. With technological advances, machines can sort throught all the votes and determine who won. This way, the American people can rest assured knowing their vote wasn't thrown away because an Elector voted for the opposing candidate.

-A concerned Student    