The Benefits of Online Learning

Students would definitely benefit from attending online classes. For most students, school is known to be a stressful learning environment. This makes it harder for students to learn and feel comfortable in what they're learning. If students had online classes, they would have more freedom in their learning. Also, students would feel comfortable and have less stress. Attending classes online would make students have a desire to learn more. Students would not only benefit from online learning, but they would also enjoy online classes.

First and foremost, students would benefit from online classes because they would more freedom in their learning. When students are at school, they tend to have a schedule and they're told exactly what to do and when to do it. From personal experience, I've learned that most students don't enjoy being forced to do something. Being told what to do and when to do it, makes the learning environment more stressful for students. Therefore, the more freedom students have the less stress they'll receive. At school, students have some unreasonable consequences. If students did online learning, they would benefit from not having as many consequences. Student would benefit from having less consequences. Therefore, students should have the right to their freedom, especially when it comes to what they're learning.

Also, students would feel more comfortable and enjoy online classes. The average student, plays sports or does extracurricular activities, making their schedule more difficult. Online school would provide students with a more flexible schedule. Students would also be able to do and try new things outside of the classroom. Activities keep students engaged, making them want to learn. This also makes learning more fun and helps students further their learning. The less stress students have the more successful they'll be. Students can't have fun with what they're learning if they're stressed. Having a lot of stressful causes students to not do well in school. For some students, stress can be helpful, but for the average high school student stress isn't beneficial and cause more issues for students. Students should be able to have fun and enjoy their learning for their benefit.

Others may say online school isn't beneficial, but students are going to pay more attention and have less stress. Students already don't enjoy the idea of coming to school everyday, and being told what to do and how to act. Some of the rules at school can be unreasonable for students causing students to get into more trouble. Online classes would take away that trouble. Therefore, making students want to learn and do better. If students were more comfortable in their learning environment, they would be more encouraged to learn.

Finally, students are constantly stressed everyday from school. Making it difficult for students to enjoy what they're learning causing them to slack off. If students felt more comfortable in their learning environment, they would be more successful. Every parent and teacher should want to see their student succeed. Online school sounds like the perfect plan for students. Every student should be able to enjoy what they're learning. In conclusion, online classes can beneficial to students causing them to have a more successful future. 