Being known as Earth's twin, Venus is a planet most people are famliar with. Having rocky surfaces, sediments and mountains, this planet was most likely very close to earth long ago. The author states that the surface temperature reaches 800 degrees, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than Earth. Then the idea is brought up, what if we lived on Venus? Exploration of this planet has begun, and with profound dangers, scientists are still pursuing the idea. Venus is a planet that has tough conditions, but still may be suitibale for life.

Venus poses some very intense conditions, such an environment is something humans could never survive. "If our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing futher visits to it's surface?" The author states that scientist noticed Venus was close in characteristics to Earth's. Large oceans probably covered in oceans and could've even supported living organisms. "Venus is the closest planet in terms of density and size." Because of Earth's simularities to Venus, Scientists see this as an oppourtunity for collecting data and planetary visits.

The upfront dangers of planetary visits are extreme, not to mention going to a planet with the heat to liquify metal. Despite these challenges the author states we cannot let dangers get in the way of us exploring. "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself but also because human curiosity will likely lead us to many equally intimidating endeavours." Our exploration should not keep us from collecting data and finding things about our Earth and Solar System. The author explains, we need to meet the very edge of imagination and innovation.

Venus has many dangers, seeming to make it impossible for humans or any life to survive. Despite all this, scientist continue to strive for planet exploration. Venus is a planet that has tough conditions, but still may be suitibale for life.         