Did you know every summer students are assigned to summer reading? Students are required to read at least one book or more in order to stay engaged in learning. Summer projets should be teacher-designed because you get extra help, you worry less, and you create a stronger bond with the teacher. First, I belive summer projects should be teacher-designed because you get extra help from the teacher. By getting extra help, you able to work on your mistakes and fix them. In this case, you are free to get assistence from you teacher regarding any concept you do not understand and he or she will be more than welcome to help you. For example, incase you are working on an assignment that is math related and there happens to be a question you have worked on several times but still can not figure out, you will then find the need to explain your weaknesses to your teacher so that they work on a solution for your concerns and questions about that specific problem you are trying to solve. As a matter of fact, if you happen to be struggling with any particular subject having teacher-designed projects is more helpful and significant hence you are attaining help and directions from a professional person who understands what they are doinig as well as what you need help on a much higher level that outstand that of a student-designed one. That being said, a teacher-designed summer project is a perfect way to continue learning because you are not only being assisted by getting extra help on a specific assignment, but you are getting more knowledge and benefiting your education even when you are not in school. In other words, you are learning from your mistakes by fixing them with the right tools you need through your teacher and that results in you being more confident and comfortable on that very topic or project you had issues with in the first place. Indeed, getting extra help from you teacher will help you get better grades and following a well teacher-designed summer project will put you in good position for working hard and working on your communication skills as well as keeping your brain sharp and training it to endure any complex situations such as making sure you complete any due work and homework on time. In conclusion, a teacher-designed summer project is the better option to work with since the student is being given extra help on a certain topic or concept they do not understand and as a result the student not only gets assisted and help, but also works on their weak areas and try to fix their mistakes and make them better. Next, I strongly agree that summer projects should be teacher-designed because students do not get stressed or over worry on any assignement since they know they are working with their teacher. Because students are on vocations, this is their time to get caught up on their favorite hobbies and fun activities with their friends and one last thing they would want to think about is doing some sort of homework during their free relaxing time with family and friends moreover on a summer morning. For instance, lets say a student wants to hang out with friends on a saturday evening, but they remember they have a whole packet of work that was assigned to them before summer vocation and that by the end of summer before school starts, they have to finish it. The student will most liekly be worried and concerned about getting it over with and that means they will either cancell hanging out with friends and stay home doing random summer assigned homework on a saturday, but this is not the case when you know you are working with you teacher and that they will be able to walk you through all the work. Students surely worry less when they are working with a teacher on summer projects hence them doing something fun and relaxing in their free time sinc their teacher is available at any given point. School related projects or assignments are more easier to handle when your teacher is always there to work with you on that specific assigned assignment. As a result, students are much likely to enjoy their time away from school without anything bothering them for whatsoever case. Since students have already endured and served their time on the previous school year, they do not need any kind of aspect worrying them to the point where they have to stay home rather than them having fun and enjoying themselves and having a good time on a summer beach day while having fresh air and cooling off. Therefore, summer projects should be teacher-designed since students are not getting overwhelmed with what they need complete, but rather having some fun time with their friends and telling jokes and laughing them off with their relatives and maybe their pets who knows. To sum it up, summer projects should highly be teacher-designed because of the students' mental state and their happiness. Finally,summer projects should be teacher-designed beacuse the students get to somewhat create a strong bond with their teacher. By doing so, teachers and students are most likely to get along with each other with no issues of any kind. Teachers are more than people who went to school and got their degree, but they are also regualr people just like everyone esle and at a certain point they become like family to us. So it is important for students to make sure they are in good terms with their teacher just in case they need help or guidance from the teachers, they will not get it if they behaved wrongly or cursed at their teachers which is something we often see in schools today. Well, if students and teacher manage to keep a steady and firm bond between one another, no obstacle or problem will come between their relationship, meaning they will be able to work with each other on a daily basis with no problematic concerns from either side. That being said, no matter what they have against each other, they will be able to work it out since they have created a bond that never breaks. In conclusion, teacher-designed projects are best