Some schools partake in making their students create summer projects to influence them to learn over break, and to ensure that any and all learning from the previous year wasn't completely lost. Summer time projects should definitely be assigned but with the students engagement.

To some, school brings more bad than good, but with proper summer time review and practice it could get better for the student, if they had the steering wheel for a change. allowing the students to design assignments could persuade students to engage more in school if they made their own rules and regulation. To its avail, it sounds like an astounding, eye opening exercise to students and teachers everywhere.

Perhaps projects like creating a poster board about the Great War with very intriguing detail, lenient due dates and more. Or maybe the student chose to create an assignment on the water quality in foreign countries, these few ideas are only a very slim portion on how creative student could really be if they had the chance to design their own summer project.

In addition, if teachers continue to design the majority of the students summer time projects, consequently, the project assigned will be either completed to its minimum rather to its maximum, and not to mention the overall quality would definitely be dramatically decreased, this is because the students want more independence on the student designed assignment, rather than becoming more dependent on the teachers design. Allowing them to push and stretch boundaries they never knew existed, while letting the student enjoy school and the assignment at the same time.

Furthermore, students may do sports over the summer, enjoy vacation with family, have enrollments in other schooling, or may even have an occupation, regardless of what the scenario is, if the reins were loosened a bit to let the student design the summer time project, chances are it may make the student happier, and eager to do more summer time projects before the next school year begins.

Over time the student creating his or her own assignment will lead to stronger and improved memory development for the many school years to come. Designing an over the summer assignment could possibly may be fun to the student. With proper curriculum over the summer, it will definitely help the students who really need it most. Maybe for extra credit, better classes to take for the next year, or just as a brain exercise, Its still always healthy to keep the mind of a student functioning at all times.

To conclude, letting students design their own summertime projects to their convenience, could change the relationship between students and teachers for the good and in the long run. Allowing them to let their minds run loose, be filled with creativity, and to be excited for the next assignment could potentially allow for better communication within students and teachers. Summer time is mainly filled with joy, and with a little tweaking, so could schooling!