Driverless cars are a relatively new concept in the automobile industry, and the benefits they offer could potentially decrease the risk in driving, especially given the inconsistencecy of drivers in today's world. While this is a tempting and seemingly perfect solution to reducing the number of car accidents, I do not support the idea of driverless cars.

The author states in section four that, "The combination of all of this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel". While humans are not in any way perfect drivers, the natural instincts and reactions of a human behind the wheel are impossible to capture in the form of sensors, robots, or mechanincs of any kind. In situations where unorthodox solutions are needed to remain in control of the car and keep from crashing, veteran drivers have the knowledge and experience to do so. Robots may have programs to react in certain situations, or to move out of the way if an object is coming towards the car at a rapid speed, but not all situations can be programmed. Robots simply cannot react the same ways humans do, which brings me to my next reason for not supporting driverless cars.

Section eight of the passage focuses on the psychological aspects of driverless cars, and introduces thd idea of laziness and boredom in human nature. Later on, the author states that some manufacturers hope to address this problem by including entertainment in the cars to remedy this boredom. Bringing in car entertainment wuld only further distract the now obsolete human drivers from the road, which in the case of an emergency, could prove fatal to not only the driver, but the passengers in the car as well. The Google car mentioned in section 7 "Announces when the driver should be prepared to take over". If the human did not hear the car announce this, and the car was reverted to the drivers control, the driver might end up in a crash. If the driverless cars provide more distractions than are at hand in the world today, no matter if a human is driving or not, the human driving the car could end up dead along with the passengers of the car. If driverless cars do become a reality, human drivers may one day become obsolete.

Today's world is focused heavily on transportation and getting from one point to the next. Driverless cars would fufil this requirement, but without the help of human drivers. The more that driverless cars would develop and improve, the less and less amount of humans would know how to drive. While this does not seem like a major problem if driverless cars were a reality, but the malfunctioning of systems would prove to be chaotic. If there was a systemwide problem with driverless cars, all of the vehicles in use, malfuctioning or not, would have to be recalled and fixed, causing mass hysteria. Because of the loss of driving skills, nobody would know how to drive. Humans would be unable to travel places, go to work, or do recreational activities.

Driverless cars may promote many benefits to humans seeking leisure and comfort while driving, but driverless cars could prove to create some very serious safety issues, especially on the busy roads of today's society.