Dear dumb Republican ,

The Electoral College is stupid and we should not use it.  I have many reasons to believe that this is an unfair system that is adulterating our country's wonderful ways.

The first reason for why I despise this system is because we have had people with more than half of the country voting for them not be elected President.  This is due to winning by just enough in certain states that you get their elector votes.  If you win by 51% in a state with 4 electoral votes, but someone else wins by 99% in a state with 3 electoral votes, you will have more electoral votes, but less popular votes.  In the system that we are set up with, electoral votes is how you will get elected for President.  This happened during the Presidental Election in 2000, when Gore won the popular vote, but Busch won the electoral votes and was elected President.  It also happened several times before, most recently in 1888.

With the Electoral College it is more likely that a tie will happen.  This is beacuse there are only 538 electoral votes, which is a lot less than 300 million popular votes, for every U.S. citizen.  If there is a tie, then the Senate and House of Representatives has to do all this stupid stuff to figure out who wins.

In the process of the Electoral College, the voters in the smaller states are given more power than those in the larger states.  Every state gets a minimum of 3 electoral votes, and then more are added depeding on the size of the state's population.  WIth 3 votes for a population of 500,000, Wyoming has more votes per citizen than the larger states do.  Large states with ten of millions of people may have only a few more votes than Wyoming does, giving it's individual citizens more power in choosing the President.

Because of the Electoral College, Presidential Canidates spend a large portion of their time in "Swing States," like Ohio or Florida, and little or no time to states with predictable outcomes.  A swing state is a state that could go either way in the election, so the canidates spend a lot of time convincing it's populants to vote for them, because of the winner-takes-all method.  This is unfair to the states with predicted outcomes.

In conclusion, the Electoral College is old, useless, irrational, and hurtful to our country.  This is why we should abolish it.    