It's come to my attention that more and more people everyday seem to believe that the Face is created by aliens. Unfortunatley,as cool as it would be, it was not. The face is simply just a natural landform with shadows casting down on it making it look as if it has a face. Everyone has just been seeing this information in magazines and on T.V. and believeing it is true,but they never seem to believe the truth that it is not a Face created by aliens. This is common for this planet to create natural landforms as well.

Most people just believe it is created by aliens because they hear information from thier friends or they see it on T.V. or see it in magazines. The truth is most of these things do not even have enough evidence to prove what they are saying. They just believe it is true because it is intresting. They do not even have the proof that aliens exist,and as cool as it may seem, it is just not true. I know some people will come to their senses and realize what they are saying when they say that they believe aliens exist and people just look at them like they are stupid.

We have no other evidence as well that aliens exist,which means we pretty much have to believe that it is a natural landfrom,which it is. I know most people will stick to thier belief that aliens are real and that they created the Face,but they are not real and they didn't. I know I may make some people upset by stating the facts but Im just telling the truth. Having no other evidence leads us to believe it is just a normal natural landform with shadows. I do not blame those of you that believe it was created by aliens,it sounds cool right? But Im sorry to be the bear of bad news, but it is also the truth.

These landforms are common on this planet as well.

It is not unusual for these landforms to occur. It is just the certain shape that sees to have cought everyone's attention. The shape itself is not what created the Face but in fact it was just the shadows that made it look as if it had,had the shape and form of a face as we humans have. This natural landform is known as a mesa,which you may have heard of before. The point is,these types of things happening on this planet is very common.

I believe myself that it is just a natural landform beacuse I know that we do not have enough evidence to prove that it was anything else. I also believe it is just a natural landform/mesa because I know these things are common on this planet. So don't just going around telling people aliens exist before you get the actual facts. If there were further eveidence leading to make us believe there were aliens it would be fine. We just don't have that extra information or evidence. I hope I finally lead some of you to believe the truth that the Face is just a natural landform.