Cars have been around for many years and generations. People rely on cars for transportation. However, theres places where car usage is being limited because of the pollution it causes to the environment and help create a better environment for the people.

For for starters, one reason car usage is being limited is because of how much pollution it brings to the environment. According to article 2 paragraph 17, Paris usually has the most smog than any other European capital. The smog cleared enough for the French party to remove the ban of odd-numbered plates on Tuesday. This means cars have been a great cause of the smog in the city. In Bogota Colombia, thers a car-free day in act. According to article 3 paragraph 21, the goal of the day was to promote other transportation and to reduce smog. This shows that people aren't considerate when it comes to the environment and don't realize the pollution they're causing. Therefore limiting car usage is beneficial.

Another advantage to limiting car usage is that it can help create a healthier environment. According to article 2, people would participate in Day Without Cars regardless of weather. "The rain hasn't stopped people from participating." explained Bogota Mayor Antanas. The campaign brought constructs of 118 miles of bicycle paths. Parks and sport centers also grew. This demostrates that people are determine to make the environment they live in into a better place to live. Aritcle 4 states that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses each year. This shows America is probably leaving driving for better alternatives for the environment and their lives. And limitation to car usage was a big key to this behaviour change.

Although driving has been abused for years, places are beginning to limit the usage of cars. Some of the reasons cars are being ban are due to the pollution is causes and it helps create a better environment for the city and people lives. Would limitations of car usage ever completely get rid of cars as a transportation.    