Dear Principal,

Imagine winning every game basketball game.

But then your star point guard starts flunking tests and his average goes down.

He gets kicked off the team and your team then starts to lose every game.

Well this could be the case if you don't allow students who have a C average to play.

But yet on the other hand, you are also teaching the students a lesson.

Now in my opinion, i think that teaching the students lessons are more important than being the best team out.

Think about this, in college, they give you scholarships for academics and athletics.

But if you play for a team and your grades aren't so well, are they going to keep you on the team?

Probably not.

This is the same as how you should run our school.

We need to prepare for college and by running our school similar to colleges, it will help us to learn how college is ran.

That is the same with activities, you have privileges if you do good.

If you have bad grades, then your privileges, such as participating in activities, will be taken away.

These lessons we learn, will hopefully pay off, such as getting reprimanded for doing something bad.

Do you think someone who is extremely bad, for example someone who is always getting in trouble in school for misbehaving, should be allowed to be rewarded?

Well that is not right because he thinks that he can be bad and do anything he wants and still be rewarded in the end.

He is not being taught anything and it isn't fair.

How would you feel if you were a student who did good in school, got good grades, and tried your hardest while some other student did bad and took the easy way out and was rewarded in the same way?

"Education is the key to success!"

Now do you know who said that?

Our president, Barrack Obama.

What this quote means is that education is what's going to lead us to excel.

So by not allowing students with a C average or lower to participate in sports and activities, there is a lesson being taught. I play sports but yet Part of that lesson is summed up by Obama's quote.

Now based on all this, what's more important- being number one or being educated?

All in all, I feel that you should put your new policy into action.

We need to learn from everything we do.

This is a good way to show us and teach us about the endings that occur from doing good and bad, wrong or right.

I support your policy all the way and i hope to see it take place.

Sincerely,

A concerned student