As the modern world advances in technology and media, schools need to advance with it. An outdated education system leaves little room for student growth and success; it can damper the effects of the hard work that both teachers and students put into school. However, this waste of efforts can be easily avoided by means of the updating of school policies. For example, it is growing increasingly more common for schools to offer distance learning as an option for their students. Distance learning allows students to engage in online classes and video conferencing as a way of learning from home. Therefore, students would be able to attend classes virtually from their own homes. Distance learning is an absolutely essential program that all schools should offer, as it allows long-term home bound students to attend classes, short-term absent students to make up their school work faster, and increases the student-technology relationship, which strengthens learning as a whole.

Distance learning would allow long-term home bound students to learn alongside their peers, even if they are unable to physically attend school. Every year, thousands of students are forced to stay home for extended periods of time due to physical or mental illness or other individual reasons. These students, while they are oftentimes provided worksheets and assignments, are quite prone to falling behind in terms of the material. If they are not at school and at the lessons each and every day, it is extremely easy to lose awareness of the material being taught, especially if the only outlet for their learning is a packet of worksheets with practice problems. Without a teacher and peers, these students do not have access to immediate feedback on mistakes or teachers who are able to answer their questions. However, with distance learning, long-term home bound students would be able to work alongside their peers. They could engage in online activities and applications that would strengthen their knowledge of the material, while also allowing them to interact with their teacher and peers. Especially when it comes to video conferencing, students who cannot physically attend school would still be able to ask their teacher questions in person and potentially have private lessons. It is never a student's fault if they are unable to come to school due to an illness; therefore, it should not be difficult to learn if that is the case.

Not only would distance learning aid long-term home bound students, but it would also help the short-term ones. Students stay home from school every day, whether it be from a minor illness or injury or a trip out of town. Obviously, these students are at much less risk of losing their understanding of the material, but absences still require make-up work. Students can miss lessons and lectures, project presentations, and critical study time with their peers that would better their understanding. With distance learning, a student who is well enough to work but contagious to their peers could still present a project, take a test, take notes on a lecture, and engage in class discussions all from home. It is unfair to limit a student's potential learning time based on things that they cannot control, like illnesses or travel. Furthermore, students that travel frequently would also be benefited, as they could work while on the go and review material when they have free time so as not to fall so far behind their classmates.

Some might argue that the use of technology and distance learning would not be an effective way to educate students. There are possibilities for misuse of technology and applications and many people fear that an introduction of too much technology into education would lessen the quality of that education exponentially. However, there are steps that can be taken to limit off-task student activity: students could be limited to certain applications or browser extensions or be monitored by a parent or guardian. All things considered, though, the potential for the waste of students' time in no way warrants a dismissal of distance learning. Especially when considering all of the students that would otherwise not be able to learn, the meager amount of work to set up technology restrictions for those schools who desire it is most definitely worth it in the long run. Furthermore, simply because some students may abuse the power of distance learning does not mean that it should not be offered to those who truly need it.

Distance learning should be made available to all applicable students because it allows for long-term home bound students to attend classes, short-term absent students to make up their school work faster, and increases the student-technology relationship. Distance learning programs would not only help the students in keeping up with their studies, but also teachers in supplying their students with adequate learning resources for all situations. It has become even more prevalent now; as the COVID-19 virus spreads internationally, more and more schools and universities are transitioning to virtual learning for the safety of students, teachers, and staff. Truly, distance learning ensures the safety of those involved without sacrificing any of the benefits of a physical classroom. So long as advancements like distance learning continue to be made in the future, education will maintain its vital and prevalent role in all students' lives.