"Can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore?" This seems to me like a bad idea. The driverless car, while having some good qualities, is overwhelmed with bad qualities. The risk and danger of driving would greatly increase due to the cars being more in control. Not only is this dangerous, but the cost of the vehicle will increase because the product is new and "advanced". When adding up the time being taken to drive a car rather than take a taxi, the taxi takes a greater amount of time to deal with. Some of the negative aspects of the driverless car are much greater in numbers than the positive.

The risk of the driverless car is much greater than the risk of simply driving oneself everywhere. Like taxis, putting your life in someone elses hands is always a greater risk. The driverless taxis just double the chances out wrecks considering that the car still has more kinks than anyone cares to recognize. In the reading, it was stated that the car can brake on it's own. While that could be seen as a convienience, it can also be seen as a danger. The car may brake when it's is not supposed to which could cause a wreck. The driverless cars are still not totally able to navigate through traffic with ease. Having a regular car seems to be the safer option, because the driver is in complete control.

The driverless car is much more costly to manage than a car controlled by the driver. The product is new, so the initial cost will be much higher. Also, the technology is supposed to be more convienient and user friendly. These positive aspects always seem to cost more than a regular car. The driverless car will have such a large initial cost, the owner of the car will be owing the company in which he bought it money for a long time.

It always seems more convienient to take a taxi rather than drive yourself in a big city. In larger cities, taxi services are found everywhere, but in smaller towns the number of taxi's are much smaller. It is unneccisary to take a taxi in smaller town because the traffic is more manageable. The taxi services are only needed for large cities to handle all of the traffic. The new driverless cars are still not managable on their own in high areas of traffic.

The number of cons seems to outweigh the pros. Safety is always a big issue to everyone because it is important that everyone is safe at all times. As the world progresses money seems to be more of an issue. Driverless cars are seemingly too expensive to buy in the first place, let alone the price of gas being a taxi service. The convienience of a taxi is always so pleasant until they are unneccisary, like in smaller areas. Personally, the driverless cars just seem to have too many negative qualities to be worth production. 