They come in red, blue, green, black, and white. They beep and honk while they ride on highways and transport people form place to place. Cars are everywear. What would the world be like if we didnt have cars? What are the benefits of life without cars? Life with out cars benefits the environment, and peoples' health.

First of all, the elimination of cars helps the environment. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States" (5). In other words, cars are higly responsible for the harmful gases that pollute our atmosphere and cause global warming. In Paris,  a partial driving ban was issued to clear the air after days of high air pollution rates. After the driving ban, "congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France after five-days of intensifying smog" (14). By using cars less, citizens can reduce pollution and help keep our earth clean and safe. Statisticts show that fewer people  are using cars around the world. "A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009" (41). Sociologists belive that this trend will continue and possibly increase. They belive it will "have benficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions" (34).

Another benefit to limiting car usage is that it will benefit the health of citizens both mentally and physically. In the German suburb of  Vauban, citizens have given up their cars. A resident there says "when i had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" (3). Limiting car use also limits the frequency of trafic jams, accidents, and unfriendly drivers in a hurry along with the stress and frustration that accompany them. In Colombia's capital, Bogata, the Day Without Cars has had many participants. One of whom said "It's a good opportunity to take away stress" referring to the event. (24) limiting stress can have major benefits to a persons health and mental well-being. limiting the use of cars does'nt just positivly effect mental health, it can positivly influence physical health. In Bogata, Colombia, the car-free day inspired residents to "hike, bike, skate, or take buses to work " (20). Excersize releases endorphins which are chemicals in the brain related to pleasure. Many people that excersize regularly are happier then when they don't. By limiting car usage,citizens are more inspired to excersize making them happier and healthier.

In sumation, a life without cars means a healthy, long-lasting planet along with a happy, relaxed, and healthy population. Even though cars are conveint, they have many negative side effects. Next time you want to go for a ride, think of all the benefits of limiting them. Rember what a breath of fresh air feels like because the gasses from cars might mean they will be gone soon. Get used to angry faces honking horns, and being given "the bird" by angry drivers because with cars come many conveiniences, but also many frustations.    