School is not exactly something everyone looks forward to nowadays. Teenagers are depressed, anxious, and some incredibly sick. It is so difficult to avoid some of the negative things in life when a student is constantly surrounded by peer pressure and bullying. If given the choice, many students would most likely choose to skip school and stay at home. However, if a student was given the option to attend classes from home, it would be beneficial. This is because it allows those who get sick to stay caught up and protects those who get bullied and assaulted in school.

First, online classes by way of video conference are very helpful to those who are sick because they are still able to be taught by a teacher. Many students come into school even if they are sick. This causes an illness to spread around the entire student body just because one student couldn't miss class. On the other hand, if a student stays home because they are sick, they miss a lot of classwork and aren't able to pay attend the important lessons being taught. One time, I had to stay home because of a stomach bug. I got behind in my classes and was never really able to understand the concepts as well as I could have if I was taught by my teacher like everyone else. I got a very bad grade on the test on these concepts because I was not able to catch up. If I was able to call in to my missed classes, I would have benefited greatly because I could ask questions if I had any, hear the teacher's explanation, and see how the teacher would solve the problem instead of having to figure it all out on my own. On a more serious level, there are some kids who are, unfortunately, terminally ill. They are either physically unable to go to school because of their type of illness or aren't allowed to go out very often because of the risks and dangers they could face. They are more prone to your typical cold and flu, and it is deadlier for them. If they were able to sit in on their classes through a video conference, then they could still feel like they are going to high school like a "normal" teenager. Overall, even if attending classes online was only available to those who are sick, it would still help so many kids.

Video conferences and attending classes online are also beneficial to a different demographic, those who are bullied and assaulted. To protect those who fear going to school because they are constantly putting themselves in danger, the school could give them this option of learning from home. There are so many stories of kids getting beat up at school and the school not trying to fix things or not being able to fix things, and this is a way that the schools can help be a part of the solution. There are also numerous stories of students getting sexually assaulted and raped. These students go through every day, trying to avoid those horrible people who did this horrible thing to them, wondering why they have to put in so much work just so this doesn't happen to them again. The book

Speak brings a lot of light on this issue. The main character goes through this avoiding process and, in the end, is unable to completely avoid her rapist. She finds it extremely difficult to see him in school, acting as if he hasn't done anything wrong. If she was given the option to do online schooling, I bet she would have done it in a heartbeat. She dreaded going to school every day and this extra option would have been a godsend for her. Sometimes, you have to take things into your own hands, and if that means making the decision to do schooling from home, then you do what you gotta do.

Some may say that students and teenagers need a chance to socially interact with others, and school helps provide that. But, everyone has people they interact with outside of school. Whether it be in the neighborhood or at church, there are many other ways to get your social fix in. Take home-schooled kids, for example. They might be home alone all day trying to get their schoolwork done, but home-schooled students have these groups called co-ops. These co-ops are groups of other students that are home-schooled that come to learn altogether. This helps those who are home-schooled get themselves some time with other students.

There are many benefits to having another option for students who are sick and kids who get assaulted and bullied. Many of today's societal issues, whether it be new illnesses spreading or more and more students getting hurt and going to school in fear, affect a teenager's school life. The less focused we are on the issues going on outside of school, the more we are able to focus on what could impact our future. School is vital to our future in today's world, and the administration needs to realize that there are things taking away our focus from school. Teenagers are the future of this world, and the past generations need to realize that things are different that they were in their time. Would you want your children to go to school living in fear? Well, they already are.