Most high school students struggle with waking up on time or having a good nights rest. This often will cause a lack of focus and a drop in their academic success. There should be other options for students to still get their education without having to actually go to school. Having a way to work from home eliminate those factors and could possibly better students in their schoolwork. Therefor, students would benefit from distance learning because it will help those in need of a flexed schedule, those with social anxiety, or for those with parents who simple believe in home schooling.

There are some people that can't be in a crowed of people because it causes them to get anxious. There are also people with other types of disorders that may lead them to need to be in the hospitals or just unable to function well with other people. People who are in situations like this can benefit from being able to take online classes because it can take away the discomfort of being around a large group of people. I have a friend who has social anxiety, and it cause her to have panic attacks when she even sees a lot of people all at once. It would be a lot easier for her to be able to work from home so she will be able to be focused on her work, and not scared of being in a group. Now some will say, people with those conditions need more human contact and all students need to be in a interactive classroom setting. This is just not true, if you are someone who won't be able to work with a large group going to school will defeat its purpose because you won't be able to even learn properly. Also forcing someone with anxiety in those types of situation can just make it worse. Proving how helpful away from school leaning can be.

Additionally, Not only can this make students lives easier but parents as well. There are parents out there that prefer their children be home schooled because they don't like how the school systems are run. But those parents may not have the time to be their children teacher. In a situation like this having distant learning can give that child a way to learn at home with out their parent having to stop working to become their teacher. This also makes the parent feel safe knowing their child is at home and away from a the safety concerns that come from being in a school. Along with the annoying phone calls and emails about their children's behavior or any other concerns the school usually will try contact get in contact about. My mother for one, is hates getting those calls throughout the day or emails flooding her inbox. This is a solution that can better everyone involved.

Finally, having the ability to take classes online will give students the opportunity to still take care of their other daily obligations. Many student have to work so they can provide for their families. Others have to take care of their siblings. My cousin is one for example, My aunt passed away on my cousins 18th birthday while she was a senior. With no other family living close to her she was forced to be the guardian of her younger sibling. Having to work and take care of other people can be a full time job on its on, but still needing to finish school in the process makes it just that much more complicated. Having the chance to take classes online would make anyone in situations similar to those life much easier. This showing the benefits this distant leaning can have for certain students.

In conclusion students would benefit from distance learning because depending on their situation that option will give them a chance to see what better works for them. And in cases like social anxiety, safety concerns of parents and needing a flexed schedule it can help them still get an education in a way that is better for them. Being that not everyone has the same life and people have different way of getting information. This simply being an option can be extremely beneficial for students who need it.  