Dear State Senate,

I feel that the way we, the people, vote today is very unfair. We should change the voting to popular vote for the president of the United States. The majority of people don't care about voting for the next United States prsident because they don't get to chose who will win. The people that get to vote for one's state might not think about what what the remaining others would want.

In source one, this section tells the reader what an electoral college is and how it works. Paragraph two sums up what this system is, "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president, and the counting if the electoral votes by Congress." Basically what this paragraph was saying is that the people dont get to directly say who they want as president. The people of a state get to vote for who they want, but it is ultimately up to the state electors on who will get the vote from that particular state. There could be a ton of people voting for one president, and then there might be less votes for a president who may be even better. Ultimately what this system comes down to is the people don't vote for their next president. They are selecting a name that might not do anything to their country.

Source two talks about the electoral college and how the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong. In paragraph nine,  the text says, "... according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore- thanks to the quirks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but lost presidency, over 60 percent of voters  would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." The electoral college is responsible for picking electors, who can go behind the peoples back and chose the president nobody wanted. This system or process is a total disaster. Paragraph thirteen states, "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states.

Paragrapgh twenty-three, "It can be argued that the electoral college method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state- Democrates in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California." If these people were to vote by the system we have now, their vote would have no effect. This leads to the people living in these states to not vote. They don't even pay attention to the campaign anymore. They know that they won't do anything to the votes or who will become president. They couldn't care less.

We should get rid of the electoral college all together. This system is not working for a lot of people and this is why many people dont care enough to vote anymore. There are people that vote for our state. Why should the people care? If we switched to popular vote, our country might participate in picking who the next president of the United States will be. When people have a voice, they will use it as much as they possibly can.                             