Summer projects are not always fun to do but to make them fun they should be student-designed. Teacher-designed projects for the summer are really boring and most people dread doing projects in the summer. Although teacher-designed projects are less creative, student-designed projects are more creative. Students should design projects for the summer because the projects will be more creative, they will be fun to do in the summer, and the students will be more interested in doing the projects.

Students should design the projects because they will be more creative than Teacher-designed projects. For example, if a teacher were to hand out a project, there would be certain things that you would have to follow in order to get a good grade on it. If it were a student-designed project it would have follow a guide line to make sure it is on topic. Another example, every year in elementary school teachers would give a checklist for how many books you read. Students don't want to do that at all but if teachers told the to keep track of what they did through out the summer that might be fun. Students should design the projects because students are more creative than adults and can come up with projects that are fun for them.

Students should design the projects because they can come up with fun idea's for a project. For example, instead of reading a certain amount of books for a grade, they can set a challenge goal like trying to see who could swim the fastest in a certain amount of time, they can record how much tropical foods they have eaten. Another example, when summer starts students can keep record of how many miles they walked or ran. Students can keep track of how many miles they traveled in the summer and at the beginning of the school year they can see who traveled the most and Whoever had the most can get a special prize. Students should design the projects because the students would have a lot more fun doing the project.

Students should design the projects for the summer because they will have more interest doing the projects. For example, if teachers were to design the projects students wouldn't want to really do them. The students would want to do something they're interested in, not an assignment from the teacher for the summer. Another example, Students are interested in what they're doing because they want to. When teachers make the projects they want you to get a good grade but they really don't care if you are enjoying it. Students should design the projects because while they are getting a good grade on them, they are also interested in what they are doing.

In conclusion, Students should design the projects because they can enjoy doing the project, they can have fun while doing the project, and also they can be really creative when they need to do a project they're interested in. 