No, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home. There is a lot of action students have to take from being home school.

For example the state has to make sure their doing their work instead of sleeping and lacking around. You have to be responsible and be aware of your work. I'm not saying all students can't attend online classes at home, but most cannot.

Going to school helps you learn and understand things better. if you dont get something, you can ask for help and the teacher can explain the problem to you. You also have a person teaching you instead of you reading things by yourself and trying to understand. Being in class accurate and up can keep you from falling asleep instead of sitting around at home eating and sleeping all day. In addition of other students because i can't speak for everybody, some students can handle that and learn way better on their own than having somebody teach them.

School groups is also another reason how student learn faster and better. Working in groups help you learn more from other students. Other students may know more than you or you might know more than them, which is a good thing. Everybody has their own ideas and opinions. You can't forget some students are antisocial and like to work alone. If you are one of them people, than working alone and at home is best for you because you have nobody around to bother you.

Another reason being home schooled isn't a good idea because you have to be responsible. Doing your work, making sure you up, and making sure you finishing it on time. You have to make sure you get up on time, not staying asleep to long, or staying on your phone. Being at school you have to get what you need done, at home is like you know what you need done but you can do it later. Which makes you lazy, staying at home eating,sleeping,and playing on your phone makes you lazy. Its gonna make you forget that you have school to do. On the other hand some students are responsible. They know what have to get done and they get it done with or without any one telling them what to do or reminding them.

School is learning place where you come and get your knowledge from. Every parent should put their child in some learning program where they get taught not taught on their own. School is the most popular place in the world. Getting a education and great job is good reasons why you should come to school. Great job equals great money. Good education equals a high advance in getting in wonderful colleges. With out school you life won't be to bad but you know you can live a way better live with school.              