Imagine you are applying for your dream job. You are preparing for your interview, but you are not sure how to answer a potential question. Only asking your friend might not give you the best answer to the question. But if you ask multiple people that are in the same field as you, they might answer your question the best. When there is a decision to be made, it is always important to ask more than one individual for advice because it helps you know all the possible solutions, avoid bias, and learn from others' past experiences. These different opinions will assist you in making the best choice.

Talking to different sources allows you to understand the different options fully. You need to understand every option by knowing the pros and cons before you make your decision. This helps you understand what your getting into depending on the options. I was asked to be on a basketball team that traveled around the country. I talked with my coach, parents, and family about the offer. Their opinions helped me learn the pros and cons of this opportunity. This allowed me to know what I was going to be doing if I accepted the offer. From their assistance I was able to make a choice that benefited me and my family.

If only one opinion is heard, your answer would lean toward their bias or your own. All people have a bias that is favored in some situations. It is human nature! These thoughts can be pushed aside though. The simple solution is asking multiple people for advice. It sounds easy, but most of the time, we still make the same mistake. We put our personal thoughts in the way of making the best decision.

Some people have experienced the same situation as you, and their past decision can help you make the better choice. We can learn from their mistake or build off their previous choice. Again, the only way to learn these stories is to ask more than one person for advice. People that base their advice from what they have experienced normally have a good reason for a certain solution. People do have different experiences, though. This is important to know so that we can see the differences and similarities of their past. Their opinion might strengthen your own and give a reason to choose a different option.

We all want to make the right choice when we come across a problem. The only way to do this is to ask multiple people for advice. Asking more than one individual helps us know the options, stay away from bias, and learn from others' past experiences. Once we do this, it is our turn to choose what is the best choice. 