Masking The Face on Mars

Is the "Face On Mars" real? Was the pictures mistaken to come out as something else? The photo from 1976 was a big deal because,of what they seen.

I think the photo is just a plain platform they has been formed into something it was not. Something that has changed a lot of people's minds.

I have heard a lot of stories about the "Unmasking Face on Mars" and they are quite interesting. I was with this scientists who said he saw the forming shape of an alien Martian and has believed it well. He said that , " I saw a huge rock type of formation that was forming into a human head". "The rock might have looked like a forming figure,but it was just a natural land that appeared to look like a alien type figure. NASA has taking picuters of the figure that look like alien artifacts. They were just regular wierd shaped objects .

In 2001, the pictures that was taking on the planet showed nothing. Later on in reseach,we discovered that the research on the Martian figures sought out to be fake. I described everything we found on the photos that was taking. "I have seen those photos and they are not true. The basic studies say they were a consparicy and were hidden because they were not sought to be real shot photos of the forming figures. " If you look closely at the phots took in 2001 one you shall she the photo shows nothing but land and a ight platform of the planet" I said to show a better undersatding of ehat the photo shows.

" I have done research on this for years and only seen photos of the moving figures of a Martian moving on Cydonia." " We have seen photos or illusions of eyes, nose, and mouth in the resonable photos I have seen." " This photo shows how the ancient civilization of these forming aliens are real." These forms are basic facts and sought to be true.

Those photos show and just make the picutre seem like it is forming real life aliens, but that is just how the photo was shot. Continuosly, NASA has changed the way they shot the photos. The photo that was taking before was not taking carefully. The others that was taking was by a more advanced shot. Then it was stated to be no alien monument at all. It was just a natural platform of the planet.

This was just a basic statement to show how the alien photos shot by Viking was just not like it was in 2001. Were the phots true? Did the Face On Mars really affect the live of what lives outside of us? Well we know that it really was a natural platform.         