Summer break is typically a period of time where you can take a break from school and work and be relieved from all sorts of stress. But some schools assign students to complete summer projects to provide them continuous learning over the three month period time of being absent from school. The projects can either be teacher-designed or student-designed, which one should be assigned to the students? although both sides can be debatable student-designed projects might be less difficult I believe that it should be student based because the project would still complete its targeted goal and still help students have continuous learning over break.

Summer time is the time when most of us are outside making plans, meeting family, going around the world, and even just relaxing without any problems from the world. Summer break was made to help our brains take a time off of work, school, and stress. But even when we are on a break there is always something we need to do or can do that will help us have that continuous brain activity so when we are back from break we did not lose all of our knowledge and working habits and can hop right back into learning and working. But the work can be kept to a minimum and still have us have that constant brain flow and typically teachers dont understand that for students.

When assigning work to students over break, teachers normally would base the work and projects on how much time we have. If all the work would all be teacher-designed, they would see it like; the longer the break would be the more difficult and longer the assignments or projects should be. That would not be too fair for the students that deserve the break after having 9 months of constant learning and hard work in school. Also If the projects were to be teacher-designed it would not be fair to even the parents that are on break too because they have to stay at home and wait for their child to finish the work before starting their summer vacation or their family activities.

The purpose of the work over breaks is understandable, to ensure that we do not lose our knowledge and keep our brain working so when we go back to work it would be easier to get into learning and working as soon as possible. But the work can also be easier but can target he same objectives, this can be obtained if it were a student-designed project. Students know their limits and the targets for the projects so students can personally complete their own tasks and get the work done at their own pace. It would be way less stressful if students didnt have to base how much work they get done how they do the work by another persons standards that does not know what other things the student has to do in his or her life.

All in all summer is a period of time to be stress free but it can also affect our learning and working habits. But we still do need something to challenge our brain to keep those habits and students should be able to control how they do that. The work and their projects over break should be student-designed and not teacher-designed because we can keep the work to a minimum based on our schedule while still targeting the same objectives the teachers would want us to accomplish and both the students and teachers would both get what they want. The students get their break with minimum work and the teachers still get to know our brains are getting challenged.