Dear Principle,

I'm writing you this letter to inform you on what i think you should do. I know you are trying whether or not if all students should be required to do any community service. Community service is good but not all the students would wan' t you to make it a requirement. So here is my argument on what you should do.

I think that you need to think about the community service. Some of the kids are already doing some community service and they would probably like the help, but what do you think the other kids who don't wan' t to do community service will react to you saying all students now have to do community service. The kids who have to do might try to get their parents to let them drop out of school, because i wouldn't want to do community service.

If you make the kids do community service the community might get into better shape than it already is. You also have to think that kids wouldn't have enough time to get some of their homework finished or be able to go to their after school activities. I think that if you make the kids do it they wouldn't, you would have to punish them for not doing the community service so that would just make the students made at you. The parents are a very hard subject. Some of the parents might like their kids going out and doing some community service instead of being home all of the time, but there are other parents that probably wouldn't like their kids being away from home any longer than being at school.

The teachers at school are also a very big subject. They wouldn't be able to give out as much homework so they would intern have to do more work at school. Doing more work at school would also mean the students would be less happy than they already were knowing that they have to come home just for more community service they had to do. There are some teachers that pretty much just give out homework and that would ruin there whole school year curriculum.

That is my argument about making kids volunteer for community service. Truthfully who wants to do more work than they already have to do. In my opinion school work is very hard without knowing you will have to go home knowing that after working all day at school the students just have to go home and work more.

sincerely, student