Some schools are considering the idea to offer distance learning for students to attend classes from home. Many students can benefit by considering this new idea for students to take classes from home by the way of online or videos. Although, many other students would not be agree with this idea.

In my opinion, I am not agree with the idea for students to attend classes from home. First, if the students are in their houses they would have more distraction, for example; they can get distracted by the food, many time food is a big distraction for students to concentrate in classes. They can also get distract because of the television, they can see something interesting in the TV and they would quickly get distracted. Also one of the biggest distraction for everyone is the cellphone. If a student is taking classes at home; no one would be responsible to tell him/she not to use their cellphones. Second, they would not take it seriously. They would feel free because they are in their houses. Sometimes they might take the classes; and sometimes they would not take them because no one would be telling them to do it. They would feel allow to do whatever they want because they would not have the rules like in a classroom. If the student is in a classroom; he/she receive more information, more examples, more attention, and more help. Every teacher has rules in their classrooms; rules that help students to be successful. And third

They would not be able to learn as much as they would in a classroom. They would not be able to ask questions and get the answer they would need. They would not receive as much attention as they need.

However, many students support the idea for students to attend classes from home. It can be considered a good idea for many students; because they would not be traveling from one place to another; it would safe them time. Also many times when there is a bad weather outside; many schools cancel classes; because they can't travel. And by considering this idea for students for students to attend classes from home would help them; because even if is raining or snowing, they will not cancel their classes. Therefore, many students agree with this idea because is not only going to safe them time; it would also help many students. Many students do not have transport. Sometime they have to walk or even pay so that they can go to school and attend to class. using the online program would give them a big support.

In conclusion, considering the idea for students to attend classes from home by the way of online or video can be a good or a bad idea for many students. I do not support this idea. Students should not attend to classes online or video. Students can get distracted easily by anything or anyone in their house. Many time studying at home give students many issues; there can be many people at home and too much noise that the student would not be able to concentrated and will get distracted. It can also happen that watching a video and that there's no one there to explain it; can make the students tire and he/she can fall sleep. Also, students will not take it seriously because there's not a teacher telling them and explaining them what to do. They would not receive as much education, information, and attention as they need. My position on this issue is to maintain the students attending to school. The students will learn more if they receive classes in school. Attend classes in a classroom with a teacher will provide students more support and it would help them in many ways to be successful in the future.      