Summer is what what every student look forwards to once they're in school, everyone who has been a student knows this. Summer projects can be fun and it's a great way to help students from forgetting the information they learned in school. Having fun and getting some freedom is what makes summer so special to so many students all over the world. Completing assignments is what school is all about, some can be fun and some are confusing and downright boring. Students do not get to make many decisions with their schoolwork. The idea that projects that are assigned over the summer should be student-designed is valid because students would get a chance to be creative while also being able to express themselves through schoolwork, make their own decisions like an adult, and summer is when students get free time so they should decide what they want to spend their time on.

When students are assigned projects and other forms of school work, they never decide what they want the assignment to be. Students aren't allowed to express themselves much at school; expressing themselves can help a lot of students to figure out what type of person they are. Some times students feel confused and do not know what to do in what has been assigned to them. But when students design their projects they will have more fun and will increase how proud students are about what they have come up with. Designing can be a strong point for certain students and they do not truly know it until they get some experience; discovering your passion is what many students have trouble with nowadays. Giving the chance to students to express themselves can lead to many students discovering more about themselves and what they like.

Students are in school to learn, mature, and become great adults once they're older but they aren't treated as such. Making their own decisions can help them become extraordinary up-front adults. Even today many struggle in making decisions of their own; if students are taught to make choose what they want to do, they'll have less difficulty in making good choices for themselves. Sometimes adults do not know what choices to make as some do not choose wisely. Letting students make their decisions through own accord can make it easier for them when they have to make important choices in their life as their brain will be programmed to think about the choice they are making. There are many skills people need to survive in the real world and decision making is one of them. Little things can have a big impact on many; it may not seem like a lot to let students design their projects but it can be a big influence on many.

Summer is the only free time students get in the school year, they should at least decide what projects they want to spend their free time on. Summer is when students can: travel, spend time with their family, have fun and go out. But, if they have to work on projects and they're boring, summer can become dreadful as some assignments are bland and boring. Very few projects are actually fun and entertain students to help them want to keep learning. Free time is valuable to so many students, as it is the time they get to distress and not worry. But if they design the project they want to focus their time on, it can make retaining the information they learned in school fun; possibly making students to want to learn more and even look forward to these summer projects.

Some may argue that students would not take the projects seriously or that students could do something inappropriate in these projects. Some students may be too immature and just give up on these projects, teachers are the ones who are going to grade these projects. So, teachers should decide what they want to grade as it'll be more organized and specified. Also some may say that students are still to young to know what they are doing and may end up doing something that they did not think twice about.

Summer is fun and special to so many students who currently go to school. School work is dreadful to many, but designing projects does not sound too bad. Designing projects can be fun and a new experience for many. New ways to learn instead of the old traditional boring way can be interesting. Giving students a little freedom would not hurt. Students should be able to decide what they want to do with these projects as it is a great chance for students to discover many new things.