People ask for advice and feedback almost everyday. It could be advice regarding fashion, education, or artistic feedback. For example, imagine a student finishing a project she's been working on for quite awhile. Before turning the assignment in, this student will most likely ask her peers for their opinions on it. However, notice how she won't ask one single person, rather multiple people for feedback.

Seeking multiple opinions and advice can help someone make better decisions by understanding and seeing different perspectives on the subject, and receiving new ideas they previously have never thought of.

Asking a single person for his opinion will only result in one perspective of the topic. If people were to ask and receive only one response, the outcome becomes very limited and may not connect with a large audience. In order for it to apply to the audience, everyone would have to have the exact same thought process and opinions as the person the author asked; which is very unlikely. If someone wishes to connect with a variety of people, in this case a larger audience, they must have an understanding of many perspective and points of view. This way the outcome will apply to more people with different thoughts and opinions.

When someone gives feedback, it's usually based off of the original idea that was given. However, there are scenarios where the advice given provides a brand new idea regarding the topic. Asking more than one person for advice and feedback allows a person to suggest ideas and concepts one may never have thought of. To put into context, a student asks her peer for feedback regarding her art project. While most of her friends give feedback and opinions that relate to her project, one of her friends gives advice that suggests a new idea to add onto her original project. Not only does the student know how to strengthen what she has already made, she can now add a new element that benefits her assignment.

Seeking multiple opinions and advice can be beneficial to someone because it can provide new ideas that previously have never been thought of, and help understand different perspectives on the topic. It's always important to ask for assistance and feedback when you need it. Because receiving that constructive criticism and working with it reassures the outcome is successful and applies to a larger audience. Overall, asking peers for their opinions can be an eye opener, and refresh one's mind in order to get their point across a variety of people. The more feedback one receives, the stronger the outcome becomes. 