In the education system, students are always required to be learning, advocating, and being better prepared for the future. But what happens when students go on summer break? Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning over the break. Some argue that the projects should be teacher designed, while others argue that it should be student designed. The projects should be student designed since students wont be as motivated if they themselves didn't design it, and it is their break time from school.

When students are assigned to complete summer projects during their break, they should be student designed. They should be student designed since they will be more motivated to complete the project. When giving the students a teacher designed project they will ,most of the time, feel very unmotivated and bitter towards it. However, if the project is being designed by the students, it will allow for the students to learn more from the project and result with more excitement, motivation, and better work ethic. Not only will the students get more joy out of doing a project they designed, but they will also be able to apply a more creative side of themselves they might have not even known they had.

When students are assigned to complete summer projects during their break they should be student designed. They should be student designed since that is their break from school and during their break, they can do whatever they please to do with their time. That time is given as a break from school since throughout all the other months, they are required to learn what they are being taught. If the project they are required to complete is student designed it wont seem like as much of a threat to them and wont be looked down upon as much.

Some people might disagree and say that it should be teacher designed since the educator knows what they should be learning and how they should be learning it. Although they know the material better, the students summer break is their time and when giving them an assignment, It should be their choice on how they want to complete it. Giving them a student designed project will motivate them more compared to a teacher designed project which, a lot of the time, results in the students not even completing it. In conclusion, during the summer, the projects that the teachers assign should be student designed since they will be more motivated to complete it and That is the students break from school.     