Students may not always make the best decisions,but we still chose what we wanted to do whether it would affect us or not. We don't make all of the decisions, because we have parents, guardians, and sometimes teachers to help us stay on the right track. However, if a person is in a spot where they could control what we do,like a principal, than their decisions could make things a whole lot worse or better. If our principal forces us to do an extracurricular activity, than I would say

No!

The reason why is because, We might get stuck with an activity that we've never done, We might have to miss it because of other important matters, and finally if we miss it, we would have to deal with the repercussions

First things first, we have an extracurricular activity that we might not know or be familiar with at all. If the principal just assigned everyone to a random extracurricular activity(lets assume that thats what happened and that we could not change it.) than the chances of people particularly knowing that activity go down by a lot. If you are not a type of kid who hates to run around, or, you have asthma and you can't run,what if he accidentally enrolls you into the soccer club. You go up and tell the instructor that you can't run and they say, thats fine, but, the principal will be somewhat mad that you can't do the program. "I guess i'll ask him to get you a different one this time."Or what if you get stuck with a game like cricket. It is extremely hard to learn how to play that game, and it also is super hard for newcomers. If you were stuck with something like that, than you are not going to have fun with it.

Next one up, The game that you cannot show up for (After school activities).Lets say that you were chosen to be on the student council and you have a meeting after school. Unfortunately you have a therapists appointment after school at the same time. Will the principal force you too stay or will he let you go like he should do. You might have soccer practice for the junior league championship game that is coming up but you have to sit in a chair and talk about the budget for the Shrek junior play instead. It just would'nt work out with all of the problems, and also the fact that all kids are different and that they should'nt be forced to stay after and miss something important because of their extracurricular activity after school. I just feel like they should let us do what we need to do after school and not bother us with after school extracurricular activities.

Last things last, The cruel and unusual punishments for missing these extracurricular activities. The principal would punish those who either missed his extracurriculars or made a fuss about them. it would usually range from detention to having to eat lunch in another room. However, if you miss 3 after school curriculars than he would call your parents, 6 he would suspend you, and 10 or more he would expel you, (Permanently). He did do a good job of enforcing his rules too. He has resource officers and they will tell the principal if you have been missing out on his after school activities. The principal really is no joke, so i recommend staying on his nice list. Even though I still don't agree with him at all for doing this.

In Conclusion, No one should force you too do anything that is outside of your comfort zone except your parents, they can force you to do anything they need you too do. Other than your parents and family members,no one should even think about forcing you to do something because that is just a horrible thing to do. unless they have permission from your parents, I don't think that they should be able to tell you that you can or can't do extracurricular activities because that would'nt be fair to the people who actually enjoy them. As for the rest of us, we'll be fine her as long as we don't have to do any pointless extracurricular activities. So to answer the question, would you like to have to do an extracurricular, No! not at all, but some people might, and besides, thats just my opinion and i'm just a kid so what do I know. All i know that it is time to wrap up everything here and it is time for me too leave. I will be taking my leave now,it was surprisingly fun while it lasted, alright, enough with the dawdling see you later, I guess.