Scientists shouldn't travel to Venus anytime soon. Why would you say that you may ask there are a few reasons why scientist shouldn't travel to Venus. Venus isn't a safe place to travel to. It's already a risk traveling in space, but it's an even bigger risk to travel to Venus. Here are some of the reasons why Venus isn't safe.

First the unimaginable heat on Venus can make metal boil in a snap. According to the text " On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit". The average summertime day on Earth ranges from 90 to 100 degrees Fahrenheit those are temperatures some people can barely stand. Imagine 8 times 100 degrees that sure is toasty. No human can last 1 second on Venus without protection, and without being burnt to a crisp.

Next the atmosphere is mostly made of carbon. According to the text "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus". These are poor conditions to live under especially since humans can't live without oxygen. The carbon is also poisonous to humans as well in order to breath on this planet you'd need a huge oxygen tank. Not to mention there's also sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere.

Finally just like Earth Venus has natural disasters as well. The text states " Beyond high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanos, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface". Unlike Earth these conditions are amplified on Venus, and are stronger on Venus than on Earth. any evidence scientists do get from probes is electrical shock. Imagine what would happen to any ship we send with human in it "KAPOW" lightning strikes.

It's safe to say Venus isn't human friendly. Venus isn't human friendly because of the; boiling heat, the carbon dioxide, and the intense natural disasters.

Venus doesn't seem robot friendly either due to when a probe gets close it'll stike the probe with lightning. As if these are warning signs Venus clearly doesn't want any visitors anytime soon it's best to stay on Earth for now. Venus is uninhabitable for now at least you'll never know what the future may bring. 