Is it a really a good thing to read someone emotions? well it is, if you see someone who's mad, sad, fearful, you can help them to calm down, to feel better, or to feel less scare. emotions really lets someone to show everyone how they feel. But using the Facial Action Coding System (or FACS) on classroom full with students could be a good/bad idea. One teachers can see if students are confuse or lost, two they see if there's something wrong with one of the students, three some students don't want their's teachers to be in their's problems.

Before I explain more about why it's a good idea for teachers, I want to talk about how i feel about FACS. It something that i never heard about and i think it's somewhat a good idea, but i dont recommaning it to put it in a A.I. It would get a bit weird and creepy if it's in a robot, but that's how i feel about it. Back to the topic, if a teacher is given out a lesson and some students don't get it they use the FACS to see if they get it or don't. They can even use it as they teach and see what they in to work on long until they understand the lessons or topics.

You know how some teachers would ask the class how are they doing before they start the lesson? well there are some teachers who don't ask that but do care for their's students. If they use the FACS before they start class and see someone depress or sad they can wirte their names down on a note or peice of paper and after class or school they talk to them one on one to see whats wrong or if there ok. they can even try to help them or make them feel better.

There are some students who need help or need to talk with someone, but they chose not to get help because they feel like it's gonna make it worst for them. I know some people who really need some help but they dont want to get help, but we had they FACS in my school they get help faster. than again they would get mad with teachers fast becuase they don't teachers to help them with their problems.

Thats what's I got to say about the FACS being a classroom. It would be really helpfull for teachers, but some students would be annoy by it easily or would think that teachers are trying to be apart of there personal lives.