Why would you think the Face was created by aliens? When photographers take pictures of Mars, you never see an alien in the photos. There may be research going on to find alien life, but so far, NASA hasn't found any. Therefore, it couldn't have been created by aliens. Scientists have credible information that shows people it is just a natural landform.

First of all, if NASA thought an alien created the Face they would already be researching it. Afterall, scientists automatically assumed that it was a Martian mesa. They are common for the area that the Face was found in. Why do research if scientists know it is only a mesa? Conspiracy theorists often try to confuse the public by saying that NASA is trying to hide Mars. This is not true, and I know this because even the people from NASA say they wish there was civilization on Mars. If NASA found civilization on Mars, they would announce it because it's exciting. No one has ever seen an alien, so if NASA released pictures they would get loads of publicity. NASA isn't going to let people lose interest in their foundation, therefore they aren't going to lie to people.

Next, we have the information that tells us the Face is just a landform. When new pictures of the Face were revealed in 1998, the truth came out. Michael Malin took pictures of Mars that were ten times sharper than the original. The new and improved photos showed everyone that the Face, in fact, was a natural landform. There wasn't any evidence that could tell us it was an alien monument.

Of course, people still weren't satisfied. Once again, Michael Malin goes back and takes photos in an even higher resolution. The new resolution helped capture the real size of the Face. After extensively studying the pictures, Jim Garvin states that it "is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa". He goes on to say these types of landforms are common on Earth, mainly in the American West. The Face is just a regular landform.

In conclusion, that is why the Face is just a natural landform. Almost 30 years of research went by until they came to their conclusion. The Face is only a meer mesa. It was created naturally, and not by aliens. No one can argue with facts!