Different people have different answers depending on what they mean. one example would be if you asked for a science question, the easiest answer would be... the perpendicularity of the potosytithsis crosses the bisector witch then the kinetic energy will bounce off the radios and hit the diameter witch then will colaps on the pythagerm therom,So now the genetic energy will explode like if it was uranium 232 witch then the servers will connect and create millions of nitros and million of galaxies will explode, all of these thing combined will make the Mississippi river,BUT I'M NOT DONE YET, after that is done the microwaves fusses and make the chemical reaction witch is using thermal energy ,so then the protons,electrons,neutrons,and the nukul s combines witch then you use length times wight and also height. So that brings us back to the question,"when people ask for advice they sometimes talk to more then one person." So you see that the potato has nine lives and the cat has 1 what is the difference between the two. that one cannot die and the other one can. People ask more than one person because they want to hear something good,or b ecuse they want to get better advice form different people. In the show Sonic X, sonic asked one of his friends on how to get all 7 kaos emeralds. wait wrong story [music stops].........I meant the Japanese story

The Question, the story talks about a kid, and this kid was trying to be the strongest kid to ever be ,so then the kid started to ask people how to get strong , and that was the question the question he asked him self and the choices he was going to make. another kid showed up and the kid asked the other kid "do you really want to be strong" the other kid said"yes" the ghostly kid said "you have to choices to make one is you have to 10 people 10 question about why you want to be strong the second choice is you have to slay the super dragon" the kid chose number one, the ghostly kid said "well done" .The kid went off to the mountains and asked the 10 people and after he was done he came out of the cave with the power to destroy the universe. You should always remember that perpendicularity of the potosytithsis crosses the bisector witch then the kinetic energy will bounce off the radios and hit the diameter witch then will colaps on the pythagerm therom,So now the genetic energy will explode like if it was uranium 232 witch then the servers will connect and create millions of nitros and million of galaxies will explode, and after that is done the microwaves fusses and make the chemical reaction witch is using thermal energy ,so then the protons,electrons,neutrons,and the nukul s combines witch then you use length times wight and also height. but i am not done yet ,so you see that 111=34=345 that is a very important number . as you can see that theses numbers connect the servers between the gaps of the potosytithsis, so then if you sad Creeper awwwww man, so we back in the mine got our pickaxes swing them side to side, side side to side , just task the gruling one hope to find some diamonds to night , night night night diamonds to night, because tonight the creepers are going to blow up our stuff tonight...[music stops] "wait a minute..... this is not time for mine craft songs" now back were i was talking about", every day people die for a unknown reason, about 10 billion die a second because of it. some say the reason was because of potatoes and the only solution is to stop the potato and the only was to stop the potato is to go the the potato tree where the magic potato will be there and the only way to stop the potatoes is to eat the magic potato the heroes will face 0 challenges for 2+2 is 4 - 1 thats 3 quick maths. Now what did we learn today. that some types of people have good advises and some people don't witch is very sad, another thing we all learned from reading this is that you can't trust people on this earth, and how you can't trust humanity, and we all learned that every war was a mistake , and we all learned that the government just wants peoples money.1919, almost to the end,1894, close to the beginning of the mad world and this was another reason people ask for advice, you see secretly i was showing examples of people asking advice to other people, another reason of why would people ask meany other people for advice its because the person asking needs help in some way, or it needs the right advice for the right thing it wants. The person might be asking for a advice but they give the person wrong one so the person will go to a different human and ask for a different advice. people listen to get smarter and by liaising to a good advice the person will know what to do and whet not to do. one advice would be "it is not strength that wins for its skill that matters" that is also a quote so its pretty much the same. Always remember that the perpendicularity of the potosytithsis crosses the bisector witch then the kinetic energy will bounce off the radios and hit the diameter witch then will colaps on the pythagerm therom,So now the genetic energy will explode like if it was uranium 232 witch then the servers will connect and create millions of nitros and million of galaxies will explode, all of these thing combined will make the Mississippi river,BUT I'M NOT DONE YET, after that is done the microwaves fusses and make the chemical reaction witch is using thermal energy ,so then the protons,electrons,neutrons,and the nukul s combines witch then you use length times wight and also height so then the electrons can symthisissize the H2O so then it connects the pontentchal energy and kinetic energy to fuse ,and to cause a rerefration to cause a refraction to case a reflection. The diameter of the cercumfrance gets cut into a cubic meter ,witch then goes 9,233,525,623,6326,464,999,000 miles per second . It then hits the hit box from the perpendicular outer space to hit the chromosomes witch then the American dictator takes over the plant bye.