Phones & Driving 78% of all distracted drivers are distracted by their cell phones, cell phones play a massive part in society nowadays. Ranging from the age of 13-60+ most people around those ages has a smartphone which can put all their attention on their devices. The whole world is revolve around smartphones, kids at a young age instead of running around and playing outside like kids used to do, nowadays all they do is focus on their smart technologies, it's very rare to see a kid off their devices unless they are in school or doing homework. Teens are heavily addicted to their phones, if a teenager loses their phones they act like they lost their whole world, they get very sensitive and gets angry at everything if they lose their phones. Teens can't learn from the adults since the adults acts the very same or even worse than teens, smartphones to adults is their way to escape the hard real truth of the world, and it can also act as a way for teens or adults to communicate with others if they are unsociable in real life.

Driving is a thing most adults and 16+ teens do, they use the cars to drive to work, school, or go to a place where they can have fun. To teens driving is the first thing teens will do to start taking the responsibility of being an adult, but for some reason even though you're supposed to keep your eyes on the road teens and adults alike are on their phone texting and driving which is as bad as drinking and driving. Teens cant follow the adults who they look up too since the adults themselves are setting a bad example by texting and driving which give teens a sign saying it's ok to text and drive. I've been in minor car accidents due to teens or adults on their phones not paying attention on the road, I've also seen many of my older relatives go on their phones while on the road.

There are laws set in place already to ban texting and driving which means due to how many accidents and murders there has been due to people texting and driving on the road. Cops can pull you over and give you a ticket just for texting and driving if they have suspicions of you being on your phone. It is not worth getting a $200 ticket for texting and driving, you should wait until you are at your destination or at least pull into a parking lot to see your texts if they are that important. I do not support the use of texting and driving due to the high risk that involves with usage of a technology while driving, phone companies such as Apple or Samsung should create an app that forcefully locks your phone while you are driving so that you cannot see the texts or send back text.

Overall, texting and driving is as worse or maybe even worse than drinking and driving due to everyone having a cell phone and not everyone is at the legal age to drink alcohol. Texting and driving can happen in any part of the day while drinking and driving is usually around night time due to how everyone drinks when it get dark outside.      