What do you do after school hours? A lot of students spend their time playing sports, doing homework, studying, and also hanging out with friends. My principal has recently added a new rule saying that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activty such as school sports, working on the year book, or serving for student council. I personally dont think this is a good rule for various reasons, school is enough for kids the way it is and students should be able to do what they want after school.

My main reason is that students already spend 7 hours every day at school and they shouldn't have to work more after school for things that might not even benefit them. I think studnets should be able to spend their time on whatever they like to do as long as they go to school alongside with it. Students should be able to decide what they want to do after school and can play sports and sign up for activitys if thats what they want to spend their time on but I dont think they should be forced.

Another reason why i think students shouldn't be forced to do extracurricular activitys is that most students are already stressed out with homework and studying outside of school. If students are already stressed out with outside activitys then why should they be forced to do another things on top of what they already have? A lot of students get stressed out over school related things and if the school makes them do more things outside of school it'll just make them more stressed.

Lastly, a lot of students dont just spend their time doing nothing all night, most students play a sport or play instrument or find something to do after school hours. And if they don't they're probably busy studying or working on homework. Students dont just sit around and do nothing all night so i think this rule is pointless because a lot of students are already busy doing things. And if some students have to do more things on top of what they already do then that will only cause more stress and might make grades drop because they don't have as much time for school things.

So what do you like to do after school? Does what you do take up most of your time or are you bored a lot? And most importantly do you think that students should be required to particicpate in extracurricular activitys? These are my reasons why i think we shouldn't.