Have you ever wanted to know about the planet Venus? Some of you wouldnt want to study or pay attention to the planets in space. Some of you would like to pay attention to the streets or what not. It does not matter if you dont like space or planets but if you thinking about it, then now is the time to learn about the planet Venus. In the excerpt, the author explains that Venus is sometimes called the ¨Evening Star.¨ This something that you will be shocked about because I wouldve never known. He also explains that studying Venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers. He explains the idea very well because want to welcome many people to study the world to see whats its like to know when something is gonna happen or how its gonna happen.

Sometimes studying things can be real helpful because you can learn so many things about it. The article states, ¨These differences in the speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times we are closer to

Venus.¨ This indicate that anything could happen if we touch one of those planets. He addresses the speed in the planets when it orbits the sun. Anything can go wrong if its always going like that. Its like having something spinning around everyday. Eventually, something is gonna go wrong and its gonna mess everything up. On the other hand, People who study space would know the answer to what will happen if they was to touch. The author basically wants others to care about the world. He wants others to see both parts of the world. It doesnt matter if something is bad you should still have respect and love in it because its here for a reason. He stated ¨ Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. This means that if we are traveling and something goes wrong we shouldnt have to stop traveling because of the dangers. We should be able to still travel to avoid giving people so much worries. Traveling should be expanded to reach like different destinations so people can see whats its like to care for the world and whats its like to not csre care for the world.

In conclusion, studying the world can be a big part of helping the world understand the parts of whats going on around. What the aurthor does is he explains his thoughts on Venus and give real facts after to show that he understands some parts of Venus. Despite the fact that he is caring about the dangers that can be caused around us; he wants to take a look at both sides. Thats how he supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despte the dangers so well.                                          