To assure students are continuing to learn over the summer, some schools assign summer projects. A school summer project should be teacher designed even though it puts more work onto a teachers part, but it is better than getting poor projects from confused students in the beginning of a school year. Projects already bring stress to students, especially since its summer and all students want to do is hangout with friends or do anything school related. Having a teacher design the project is both relieving and easier, because the student has a foundation of what to do, they meet the requirements needed from the teacher, and so that they do not waste time on a project that may not even be right.

If the student has a based foundation of what to do to begin with, the project already becomes easier to do. With guide lines already set up, the student can continue forth and begin the project successfully. Let us say it was a textbook reading and project based on the reading. Students, for the most part, do not generally enjoy reading pages on pages on pages; however, if a teacher gives a blank statement about what to do, the readings become difficult for the student to comprehend. In a students mind, it can go many different ways to think about a project. Having a teacher design a project base gives the student more to go off of instead of a teacher saying "Read these pages and submit a project by the beginning of the school year" is not helpful. By giving a foundation of the project, the student can succeed and be more efficient.

Meeting the requirements of any project whether it is during the school year or outside in daily life is so important, because the requirements is where a person is scored based on their work provided. For a student, requirements are on a rubric which helps guide the way of a assignment or project. For an example, writing essays are difficult in a way of being confident in their work. Usually reverting to guide lines given by the teacher help boost the confidence of work to submit. Receiving requirements by a teacher give assurance to the student by being able to look and see if they have missed anything or gotten all requirements checked off. For a student, being able to receive such assurance relieves us of stress. The stress will always be there, but some of it would have disappeared.

If a summer project was student based, a lot of students would be unsure and confused on what to do. Students do not want to waste time on a project they have no idea what to do. It is both a waste of the students time, but also a waste of the teachers time by grading projects that are not correct. Also, student based projects have a variety of choices and decisions on whether or not a project is good or bad. Like if a reading was about a mall and how it effects the choice a student has on how to spend time, there are many directions a project could go from there. Students as a whole could easily waste time on a project by procrastinating, but usually it is because they are not sure on what to do. There will always be a student who does not finish in time or even starts it, but those who try and do work efficiently tend to do better time wise. Instead of wasting a student and a teachers time, it is better to have a foundation of a project given by a teacher than having everything be up to and decided by the student.

Having a teacher designed project is beneficial to both a student and a teacher. Work gets put into from both sides, the teacher and the student, to produce an amazing outcome of a project that meets requirements, was time efficient, and also gets the idea of the project. If it were to be the opposite and were to be student based, it would have had a fifty to fifty chance of it having a good or bad project that could not meet requirements, wasted time, and did not get the point of the project. The sole reason of a summer project is to show a student learning, if the project was not good, the project had no affect on the students learning. 