Finding how the Face on Mars was created

Have you wondered if the face on mars was aliens or a landform? If you did im going to help you answer that question that you have beenn wondering. I used to want to know what the face on mars really was NASA said it was a landform but reporters, people in movies, and in magazines thought it was aliens. Who would you believe someone who has actually been studying about it for the longest and went to school for it or your favorite director.

I thought it was aliens too because of all the magazines and movies i had seen about it but they were all jumping to conlusions. So then i decided to do a little research myself. After i started researching i started to write articles and put them online or in the newspaper, and anywhere else that i could. During all of my research i found out that it actually is a landform.

As in the article it says not all scientists beleived it was an alien im not saying none of them did but some of them didnt eventually i got a call from NASA they wanted me to join them. They said my work was outstanding and they would love to work with me, my immediate answer was yes. My immediate answer was yes because NASA was my dream job even when i was younger i wanted to be in NASA.

We began to research even more traveling in space trying to find more clues. We had no luck for quite some time until... we had a storm and after that we went back to look and there was another face. We immediately documented the photos and got to writing so we could publish it.

Everyone believed the movie stars and all those other people becasue they have lots of money but they didnt think about intelligence. NASA has lots of it i believed the rich people to at first,but i failed to see the intelligence until i started researcing on my own. When I joined NASA i really found the intelligence now im employee of the month for coming up with the idea to go back. Everyone else had given up becasue they were upset because they felt as if they let people down. So I decided to go back one more time, and i found what we all were looking for!          