Electoral college should go away. electoral college is unfair. each party picks a slate of electors,although it only takes trust to pick that elector it is unfair because it is what the people want. there are 4 reaons why electoral college shouldnt be used today. one may be that votes arent from people and votes are only elected by the electors,and the polular vote most likley always win. which means that people vote for the elector and the highest votes from one state to the elector,the president now has that state and now has votes from it. this is why ecltoral college shouldnt be used today. it is unfair that we cant vote for our own president and the electors get to choose.

one reason why electoral college is bad for the people is because of the thing called disastor factor. this is a bad affect to the voting. this happen in 1960 and was with John F. kennedy. what happen was the state legislatures are technically responsible for the electors and that the electors could always tell the people what they want. this was a key factorbut,what to fiasco did he helped changed everything. and here to today we still use electoral college. although we still use fiasco method it is getting better but still is a disastor and i think we should just make something that the people want. this woild be better and maybe an easier way to choose a president.

another unfair subject that electoral college does for voting is the prospect of tie ,this is a method in which only states with a certain amount of people allowed to vite. this is an unfair method because, for example hawaii has only a little amount of people and cant vote. also many other states cannot vote because of there population. this is very unfair and should be stopped. every state should be able vote. and again there is only one vote for each state and this method should be voted by state but by people to get a better examnation of what people want. since each state only cast one vote it is the senates job to pretty much vote for the elector. we should let the people vote the people vote themsleves so there is a more accurate vote,than just a single vote for the whole state.

another reason why the electoral college is unfair is because of the winner takes it all method in each state. this is a very unfair method because i do agree that every state should be able to vote. it doesnt matter if the state only has a population of twenty. every state should be able to vote for preseident, esspecially if you are old enough to vote. it is only fair. there are states such as rhode island and south carolina that are too small and other 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to vote. this is unfair . the system should start letting at least every state vote.

these are reasons why electoral college shouldnt be used today,this is a very unfair way of voting. forget the electoral college method and just start letting the people vote. yes it might hard to keep track but this way, if you let the people vote they will know what the people want and it would be much more accurate than saying one vote for each state . they should really take time thinking of ways to make this better and fair. because electoral college isnt fair at all. they should abolish electoral college from the united states. go back to directed elections. bob dole was someone who said that they shouldnt allow this, and i certainly agree that electoral college shouldnt be allowed.    