Distance learning gives students hope for the future. Incorporating distance learning for students gives them a chance to stay on track with the rest of their classmates from home when circumstances disallow them from coming to school. Some people might say there are no benefits from distance learning, however, they are wrong because distance learning reduces chances of receiving or giving illnesses and gives students a chance to not fall behind in school. Students will benefit from being able to attend school from home because they won't get behind when they miss school and it reduces likelihood of getting yourself or others sick.

Distance learning benefits students that are unable to go to school because they won't fall behind when they return and allows for time to complete assignments independently. In 8th grade, I went on vacation for a week during the school year. When I returned to school, I had numerous of classwork assignments and tests that I had to make up. This was difficult to complete because I was expected to study for tests, finish assignments, and continue to learn new material simultaneously. Distance learning would have benefited me in this situation because had I attended my classes through video conferencing during my vacation, the amount of work I would have to had completed when I returned would have been reduced. Distance learning provides more time for students to work on assignments independently. A friend of mine, Generic_Name, constantly has a hard time concentrating in school. When she is home from school, she is able to complete her assignments more efficiently than she would have at school because there is less noise to distract her at home. Distance learning is also beneficial for students who struggle in a school setting because it gives them a chance to attend class without becoming distracted of what's happening around them. Some might say that distance learning does not help students who are unable to go to school, clearly, they are wrong because they won't fall behind in their absence and it gives students and alternate learning environment.

Attending classes from home can reduce the likelihood of getting others sick or becoming sick because it's impossible to spread germs from home and you are not aware of how clean your school is. Currently, their is an virus spreading that has resulted in a pandemic in the United States. Many colleges and universities have decided to extend spring breaks and move classes online as a result of the flu-like disease. To prevent the spreading of this virus, schools decided this would be the safest option for their students because many students have gone out of the country for break and can possibly bring the virus back with them. This provides students who traveled time to be tested and cleared for school if necessary. Since most people have cleaned and cooked in their own house, they are aware of what they are eating, breathing, and touching. Students are unaware of what is done to clean the school or cook lunch food. Last year, I was eating a chicken sandwich from the lunch line that didn't appear cooked completely. I didn't think much of it until I went to the doctor and found out I received food poisoning. If I knew what was contained in the sandwich, I wouldn't have been sick. I realized that you can't always trust what you are eating or touching when you don't know how it was made or what it contains. You are aware of and immune to your house, but you aren't fully aware of how they clean in, cook in, or maintain a school. Some may say that distance learning won't reduce the likelihood of getting others sick or becoming sick, however, they are wrong because distance learning prevents wide-spread illnesses from affecting students and students are not aware of how safe school is for their health.

Students will benefit from being able to attend schools from home because they won't get behind when they miss school and it reduces likelihood of getting yourself or others sick. Distance learning gives students access to school without having to attend. This benefits students who are missing school because of vacation, prefer home as an alternative learning environment, and trying to prevent illnesses from spreading. If distance learning wasn't available for students who fall into one of these three groups, they would have a difficult school experience. Distance learning is a great opportunity for students who want to attend school without having to deal with the consequences.