In this story we read about how Dr. Huang made a program thathe can install in computers so it can read people emotional expressions. And how they used it on a pease of art called Mona Lisa. They tested it in her and it worked it predicded what she might have felt when they were drawing her at the moment. They started testing it on other people as well. But it can only read certian emotions like happy, sad, fearful, angry, disgusted and some other ones.

The program was created by Dr. Huang he was inspired by something to make this program. Well honestly im not sure but im guessing he was. His program has been a successful program so far they want ot add it to school computers . If a student is on a program and the students feels confused the program will imadicly modify what the student is doing to make it a better understanding for them so says Dr. huang. Isnt that just great huh saves us all from rasing our hand to get the teachers attenion frm helping someone els.

This program will be designed to help students when in need of help while using a computer at school. But is the program really needed , can the teacheers not just simply come and help te students out? well i supouse and hope the teacher does help . I mean after all i would like to be helped if i needd the help. But i also know that sometimes the teacher is to busy helping other kids or even maybe other teachers , so i personialty think the program would be awesome to have.

The way

Dr. Huang designed the program can only read certain emotons . It reads the most comman ones we all have . For example when tsted on Mona lisa it read 83 percent happy, 9percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, 2 percent angry. If you were to go to the computre and have your emotions read what do you think you it owuld read for you?

After all that reading of how Dr. Huang made a program to read our emtions i want to test it out my self wouldn't you? Its amazing how it could read the emotions out of the art work . Who would have thought there was som much feeling under that paint. She was have alot of feeling while geting painted i see.

Most be nice being one of the lucky people to get to test it out. But dont forget it could only read certian emotions.                       