The Dangers of Phones and Driving

The number of fatal crashes caused by cell phone distracted driving in 2017 was 434 ("Facts and Statistics: Distracted Driving"). The amount of fatal accidents from the use of cell phones while driving has only gotten worse through the years. Ever since cell phones have become more advanced and more popular, the danger has increased. It is hard enough to stay focused while driving but phones make that task 10 times as difficult. Even something as simple as changing the song or answering a text for a split second while driving can put yourself and others at risk.

Teens play a big part in all of this, being the most likely to use cell phones on the road. Teenagers are not as experienced drivers and think that driving is a task they can take with ease. Although driving might come easy for some, that does not give room to be distracted. I personally witness cell phones being used on the road daily. My mom and my dad both use talk-to-text while driving and my boyfriend holds his phone in one hand while driving with the other. My friend and I almost got into an accident the other day because she was using her phone. Nowadays society is far too attached to technology, especially phones. Not only are teens learning that using phones while driving is acceptable from their parents, they also think that breaking the law is nothing to stress.

In mosts states it is illegal to even have your cell phone in your hand let alone be using it or talking on the phone while driving. If the law is not enough to persuade people to stop using phones while driving, the dangers of killing people should. Close to five thousand people died due to cell phone related crashes in 2018 (Texting and Driving Statistics 2019, thezebra. com). Even if someone is not on the phone themselves, someone else on the road could be. When someone decides to use their phone while driving they are not only putting themselves at risk, they are endangering every other person on the road. If they look away from the road for even one second and become distracted, they could crash into another person. There could be children in the car that die from the crash, or a pregnant woman. Lives are constantly at stake while in the car, being distracted only makes things worse.

Cell phone use behind the wheel reduces the amount of brain activity associated with driving by 37 percent (Cell Phone use while driving statistics and texting and driving facts, teendriversource. org). Teenagers just starting to drive and adults already driving should take preventative measures to be more safe on the road. They could finish a call or text before they begin driving, leave the phone alone while stopped, and put the phone on silent or do not disturb when driving. Most phones now have a driving more that will mute notifications and send a text back to inform the person they are driving. Even if someone is not driving they can still help. If they call someone who happens to be driving, they can say they will call them back later at a better time.

Society as a whole can and should be better and form good habits by not using a cell phone while driving. Distracted driving is a serious topic and the deaths need to be decreased desperately. The safety of people's lives are nothing to take lightly. Even if someone does something as simple as changing the song or answering a text, that automatically puts them and everyone around them in danger. We all need to do the right thing by following the law and give up phones while driving.

Works Cited

Andrew. currin. ctr@dot. gov. "U Drive. U Text. U Pay." NHTSA, 8 May 2019, www. nhtsa. gov/risky-driving/distracted-driving.

Aschwanden, Christie. "Driving? Your Phone Is A Distraction Even If You Aren't Looking At It." Five Thirty Eight, 2018, fivethirtyeight. com/features/driving-your-phone-is-a-distraction-even-if-you-arent-looking-at-it/.

"Cell Phones." Teen Driver Source, www. teendriversource. org/teen-crash-risks-prevention/distracted-driving/cell-phones.

"Facts + Statistics: Distracted Driving." III, 2017, www. iii. org/fact-statistic/facts-statistics-distracted-driving.

"Using Your Mobile Phone While Driving." Nidirect, 9 Aug. 2019, www. nidirect. gov. uk/articles/using-your-mobile-phone-while-driving.                                                                                                                                 