In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" the author explains how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computes to know if a human is sad, happy, confused, angry, fearful or disgusted. Also the author describes how this would help teacher in their classes to identify if students are bored or tired making it eassier for teachers to find another way to get students attention.

In my opinion this would be a good idea for schools to use and make a more eficient way of teaching students and teachers differents ways to teach and learn making it more fun and less tireding for everyone. Although this may be expensive and students will not like a computer to read their emotions because it would be weird for them and it also may be unconterfull for students having a computer to just say their feelings in front of a class.

The Facial Action Coding System ( FACS) is a great idea for schools as I said earlier but I do not see how it could help in other things. The article describes how this new technology can identify human emotions but it does not explains how would it work in society or it will help people understand one another better.

The FACS can tell your emotions by the way the muscles in the face move making it easier for the computer to identify what emotion the human is felling. They use video imagery to create a new emotion- recognition software tracks these facial movemets. Also the new technology can identify mixed emotions.

The article also describes how by making a expression can make you feel slighty the expresion that was just used. According to Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. This may happen because weunconsciously imitate another person's facial expressions.

In conclution this article demostrates you how can a new technology can hal you understand other peoples emotions even if they are trying to hide them. Also it helps people to understan how they are really feeling and how does emotions work when we express them.    