Do we want stress, sadness, and a constant rush in students of the school? No! Then there shouldn't be an idea of making all students participate in an extracurricular activity. If the students want to participate, then they can. Forcing them to participate, however, isn't right. I disagree with having all students participate in extracurricular activities because the school would be crowded, homework time would be decreased for students, and students who are already in a club or program outside of school would have to rush to or even quit the activity that they are enrolled in.

Firstly, with everyone trying to get into the activities, the school would become crowded. Hundreds of students would attempt to get into a variety of clubs. If a specific club, though, is very popular, then with all the students trying to get in, the space would be limited. The students who are rejected from the group might not have another club that they are willing to join, but they will have to find one. This can lead to sadness, anger, jealousy to other people who got in, and other bad feelings. Bad cases of these feelings can lead to stress, fights, and even broken friendships.

Another con of this idea is a loss of time to complete homework. For students who may receive lots of homework, having to do extracurricular activities, other things at home, and the homework can cause stress and also cause students to stay up late and lose sleep time. With all of this, the students could possibly forget about their homework and their grades will drop because of it. With all of these things, the students won't have time to relax at home after a long day. Without proper sleep at night, the students could fall asleep in class and get in trouble. The cycle will continue and the students in the school won't be attentive enough to learn anything in their classes.

Last but not least, students who already participate in activities outside of school will have problems. They will have to rush to attend their activities, or have to quit because they will never have time to attend the activity. This could also cause stress because they could have to rush to activities that are usually much smoother and easier to attend. They could like their activity more than the schools' activity but have to quit it. Then they will be able to attend the school activity, but have to give up the activity they like more. That is wrong and a student should never be put in that situation.

People who support the principals idea may say things like "the more activities, the better", or "now the students have things to do with their friends",but the students should have freedom over what they do. At least, if anything, contact the students' parents and ask them for approval. Don't just force them to, though, because it's not right to force students to participate in any activities that they aren't interested in doing. With this, I believe that the students should have the freedom to choose and not have to participate in any activity if they aren't intrigued.

In conclusion, I strongly disagree with the idea of making all students participate in extracurricular activities. If the students want to participate, then they can. If they don't want to participate or join, then they shouldn't have to. With how crowded it would be, the loss of homework time it would bring, and stress causing it would create, I don't believe that students should be forced into that. I believe the students should be given the choice, and if some of them don't accept, try to convince others. Instead of making them all participate, ask them what activities they like and improve the clubs or create new clubs based on their opinions. Forcing them to participate, however, is wrong!