Driving with and without the use of a cell phone:

Nowadays when you are walking or even driving you see a lot of people with a smartphone, that's because 61.62% of our population has one. There are a lot of reasons why people are on their cellphones while driving. As well there are pros and cons of driving while texting. Throughout many years the stats of accidents while on their phone has also increased.

Each year there are approximately 1.6 million car accidents throughout the United States. Many of those are accidents due to texting and driving, almost 400,000 injuries a year. This means 1 out of 4 car accidents are due to distractions while texting and driving. There is an average of 3287 deaths a day, just by usage of cellphones while driving. Stats show that the average age of accidents occur during young ages 17-30 years of age. In a survey, people were asked how many people text and drive and their answer was pretty shocking reporting more than 80% of the people has or done while driving.

As to all the things there are pros and cons, but in this topic, there are cons and thoughts what people think are pros. Nowadays technology is an everyday usage, us being away or not checking our phones consistently makes us feel the need to be plugged in. The majority of the scenes where people do this act end up in a car crash. Hurting yourself or even getting killed is not the only danger you take, you also put other peoples life in danger. In some cases you could hit someone hurt them really badly, or even kill them. Remembering what you did to the other person would not be your only punishment, you could go to jail and spend a long time in their just for the distraction of a couple seconds. Some of the reasons why people think its a good thing is because they feel the need to be communicated with the world just in case something bad happens or basically if something bad happens on their way and feels the need to communicate it with someone or has an emergency. There are also many more reasons why people are on their phone.

Every person has a different excuse or reason why they are texting and driving but in overall there are some that are the most common of them all. You would imagine that being on a phone call would be top 3 or 5, but it's not that commun seeing people on a phone call. One of the main reasons it's obviously texting. Another big reason is facebook, snapchat, any social media. A big reason is the camera, women just be taking pictures or videos of themselves, while on the other side guys have the trend to speed, or drive recklessly and record it to show it off. You also have people who find it entertaining to shop online or be reading the news as well as checking the weather. When people are really bored while driving or get stuck in traffic for a long period of time they are also watching videos or even movies.

In conclusion, texting and driving is really not a great idea, while it comes to texting or being on a phone call. That important text you need to answer or send can wait a couple minutes while you get to somewhere safe. Risking your life and others just to get that good quality picture is not worth it. People around you that care about you, will truly understand that you couldn't answer in that exact moment.                                