The idea of working at home for most children would be very much exuberating. No need to rush to catch a bus, miss a morning breakfast to attend school, or miss school because one slept late. You'd simply wake up slap some pajamas on and get to working on your computer.

Although you would be sacrificing the basic one to one classic learning situation where teacher and student are face to face, it is still attainable to teach away from home. In the eyes of a student currently attending Generic_School, like myself, working alone can sometimes be a struggle, two minds will always be greater than one. Two minds sometimes create bias, and at times bias is good. One would benefit from hearing the other side of the argument which may ultimately end one's single-sided thinking. Also having the classroom aspect where you have multiple people who look at the same thing in different ways is important as well. Maybe the way student A looks at something is more compliant to your way of thinking rather than student B. Classmates help each other if the teacher can not, there are many instances in my learning here at Generic_School where I come to the terms of understanding a subject, but once one of my classmates broke it down for me in their way of thinking and seeing, a new light shown over the way I looked at things.

Schools may very well be a great thing, but they can also be damaging. We all know where there are friends, there are foes. When you group a bunch of developing teenagers going through puberty, where emotions and hormones are swarming around, you get a sort of cesspool of emotion. Yes, at times there will be drama, fights, gossip, harassment, and many other things normal to the life of every day teens. Some may say this is a lie, but it is very well the cold hard truth. People won't always get along it's apart of the human nature, and as you're growing up you are still trying to figure out what you do or don't get along with.

Even though there are negative things about attending school there are very much positive ones as well. One's social skills might develop more and more as time progresses and they're surrounded by situations where they are prompted to socialize with other students. Also, a student might find his or her niche, where they belong, who they really are, what they do or don't like. I can't seem to put my finger on it, but there is a difference in learning where you sit behind a screen and listen to mind numbing concepts all day, rather than sitting in a engaging classroom where you ask questions, work out problems, and get a more hands on experience.

So when you ask me, what my stance on working at home rather than at school. I would simply answer with, I don't know. The beauty of the human nature is to be able to adapt, adapt through hardships, adapt to new changes. Take chances in life, be prosperous, because at the end of the day, you only get one.