To the Principal,

Community service is a very important thing to do. It is the act in which you are giving back to the community which houses you and your family. After all, if no one does community service, the whole town would be a mess. So students should be required to complete a set amount of community service based on their capacity to be able to help.

Many students who go to the elementary probably lives quite close to it. The majority most likely grew up in the same place that they live now. This would mean that they would have benefited off of the people in the past keeping the place clean. It only makes sense for a receiver of free services to return the favour in one way or another.

When required to do community service, students can help pick up garbage or plant flowers to make the overall cleanliness of the community better. Students can also volunteer to help out with the school itself in thanks for the education received from going there for free. Students will be able to show gratitude and improve the community through community service.

Although most students may live close to the school some may live farther away and even out of the community itself. These students may not want to help out as they do not owe the community much but still attend the school. They shouldn't have to help out the community because they aren't a part of it. In addition some students may just not be able to comply from a physical injury or a disability that impedes them from helping out. They should be accounted for and excused from doing so.

In most cases however, students should be able to do something even if it is small. Possibly helping an elderly person across a street or picking dropped things up for people. Community service should be a requirement to always help out whenever available to do so or when the student knows that they are capable of doing a larger task. In conclusion students should always be aware that they must help out the community but unless they are capable, in which they will be required to help, not have to do any difficult tasks and only small ones.