A thorough search

By: Generic_Name

It's becoming too much to bare. Despite the happiness and comfort they gave you all those years ago, they've changed. They're being more critical of you and your other friends, they have been asking you for money frequently without paying back their debt, and are being rude about you not spending time with them, despite them barely spending time with you. Despite you telling them about your concerns, they haven't stopped. You think it's about time you cut ties with your closest friend that you have known since your elementary school days. You ask your mother about what you should do, and she gives you her opinion from the outside looking in. You understand her thinking, but you're not quite satisfied with her answer. You feel as if you should ask someone else, but its not because you dont respect your mom's opinion, you just want another bit of advice. Why is that? Why do we feel the need to get more than one piece of advice after already receiving what we see as a satisfactory answer? Well, there are three reasons this could be. There are more options to consider before making your decision, you can get more diverse and varying opinions, and there are just some people who are more qualified to give you the help and advice that you need.

First, making your decision is much easier when you ask more people, because there are more points to consider. Now this statement may seem contradictory at first. "How would having to go through more words, people, and ideas help me to get to a clearer understanding of my situation? Wouldn't that just cloud up everything?" you ask. Well, actually, it does the complete opposite! If you only have one opinion, there's less of a chance that you will find the right answer. It's good to narrow down your points once everything you need is presented, but when you have little to almost nothing to go off of in the first place, it's less likely that your choice will be properly informed. Another reason that you may have trouble only going off of one person, is that somebodies advice could be very biased, which could cloud your mindset from the get go. When someone's advice is based only off of their opinion of the person or thing and not your situation or well being, it can be confusing at best, and directly harmful at worst. Finally, there are plenty more options you can choose from as well. This can make it easier to get the exact answer you need. Think about it like looking for an exact brand of paper you need for work . You may not find it at the first store you go to, you might have to drive around town to find it. All and all, having multiple opinions gives you more things to consider, making it easier to come to your conclusion.

Next, asking more people can get you much more diverse outlooks on the problem at hand. With many different points of view, you would be able to get many different perspectives on an issue. You could get people from the outside looking in, people who have been in that situation before, and even people who might be in the same boat as you. This will make it much easier to not only narrow down your views and options, but can give you all the parts of the story you need to come to a satisfying conclusion. Next,when getting your advice from different, more diverse sources, you might just find out new information that makes you less ignorant on certain issues. When getting advice from different people, you may just find a new outlook on something you hadn't thought of before, which could open up your mind to a whole new insight of your issue. When it comes down to it, getting different opinions from a more diverse crowd could be the difference between a good and bad decision.

Finally, there are some people who may be more qualified than others to handle some situations. For example, there might be some ignorant people who know next to nothing about the other side's situation. When people dont know much about another side's struggles or even their side of the story, they may place too much of their biases onto you or your situation. Another thing, some people have more experience with giving advice. Some people are just more fit to give you advice. For example, who would you be more comfortable taking an opinion from, a friend or a therapist? You may know where to look, but its probably safer to simply get more people's opinions. Even so, sometimes people who aren't in those particular fields tend to think more simply, which might be what you need along with that professional opinion to form a bigger, clearer picture. If you're having trouble picturing what I mean, think of it like a doctor. If you get back your diagnosis and it seems wrong or misinformed, you'll probably end up asking for a second opinion. That way you get a more clear and sensible diagnosis that goes with your symptoms. Furthermore, asking different people for their opinions may just bring in some more qualified ideas into your argument.

As you can clearly see, having a variety of different ideas, opinions, and arguments from many different people is the best way to get your advice, hence why so many people do so. We get a variety of ideas, get more diverse outlooks from many different people and perspectives, and some people having more qualified opinions from different people, is why its so common to get as many points of view that we can. If we want to be as thorough and informed as possible, it is crucial to do just that. Now, you've talked to both your mother and friends, asked internet forums about relationships your questions and have even gotten some replies from certified professionals. You looked through all of the major points that people brought up and have narrowed down your options. Some of your friends are saying that youre going overboard, but you dont care, this could be a big change in your life. Now, have you made your final decision? Or maybe you need to read another essay to come to your final conclusion...        