Becoming a seagoing cowboy means that you would take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that are being shipped overseas to other countries that need to recover their animals from World War II. It may sound like a lot of work but is can be very rewarding. On my many trips as a seagoing cowboy, I was able to spend a lot of my time with friends and was able to do some sightseeing in other countries. I was also able to learn a lot about animals just from taking care of them. I hope that you choose to become a seagoing cowboy.

One reason for becoming a seagoing cowboy would be that you would learn a lot about animals. I was able to learn a lot of body language from the animals. I now know when an animal is nervous or angry. I can tell when a horse is calm and happy. Knowing animal body language may help you not get a broken bone from being kicked by an angry horse or cow. You will also learn how to take care of the animals. I already knew how to take care of some of the animals from working on my aunt's farm, but I learned how to care for animals a lot faster from doing it hundreds of times everyday.

Another reason that was fun about becoming a seagoing cowboy was that I was able to spend a lot of time with my friends on the trip back to America. All of my friends and I loved playing sports, like volleyball and table-tennis, in the empty holds where we kept the animals. We also shared stories and games that some of us had never even heard of. I learned many fun stories and games that I now pass on to others today.

My last reason to convince you to become a seagoing cowboy would be the sightseeing. While we were in another country, we had some time to go sightseeing. I was able to tour an excavated castle in Crete. I took a gondala ride in Italy and saw the Panama Canal. I also learned a lot about culture. I learned how bad things can be in other countries after wars. It made me more aware of the people and their needs in other countries.

I loved the opportunity to become a seagoing cowboy, even if it was for a short period of time. I was able to learn animal body language and more about how to take care of the animals. I was able to see many great things like the castle in Crete and the Panama Canal. I also learned about culture in many other countries and some of the hardships of living there. The trips made me more aware of the hardships every person in other countries face every, single day of their lives. I hope that all of these reasons convinced you to become a seagoing cowboy.     