Have you ever thought about the advatages and disadvantages of learning in school? Distance learning is being consitered instead of in school learning for some students. Being taught online isin't always a good idea. In school learning allows students to work at their own paste, work with less distractions, and allows students to be organized.

When students work at their own paste it can be less stressful, they can make sure everything is valid, and they can focus more on their work. Stress can decrease by increasing the time you have to work on an assignment. You dont have to stare at a clock and worry about reaching your deadline. You can go back to check on your work as many times as you need to. Reviewing your work allows you to correct your mistakes. You can focus when you aren't panicing about losing time to complete an assignment. Being rushed by time can be very stressful and cause problems for a student.

Distractions are never a good thing, so why work with them? Teachers in school create rules for students to be sucessful without the distraction of a cell phone, food being handed out in class, and classmates misbehaving.

Cell phones take up most of a students day and it does not benefit them at all. Cell phones draw students' attention by a notification, phone call, or just being on a desk. Food being handed out in class creates a ruckess by everybody wanting a snack to chew. Wrappers of candy, bags of chips, and sodas being opened creates a noise that is tempting. When a student misbehaves, teachers have the ability to write them up and let upper athorities take action. Distractions cut into the time a student has to complete any assignemnt.

Organization in life can start with school. You have a schedule to follow, you have different subjects, and you have a structure. As soon as your morning alarm goes off you start with your morning routine. First you shower and get dressed, next you brush your teeth, then you may get transported to school. At school they provide students with a shedule to follow. You take four classes a day and have eight in total that are seperated with lunch. Each subject has different learning styles and ways to solve problems. Everything is structured and not given to a point you can't sort things out.

In school learning benifits students to be organized, gives them time to complete their work, and takes away distractions. Working in school has multiple pro's for a student's future.                                  