State Senator of Florida I think we should not keep the Electoral Collage and change to popular vote for the president of the U.S.A.There are meny reasons im against the Electoral College one is that I want to vote for the president and im not alone over 60% of voters prefer a direct election instad of what we have now. Now here are the other reasons im against the Electoral College.

Fisrt,in the story I read tittled "The Indefensible Electoral College:Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wroung" states that "Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S Chamber of Commerce, and the ALF-CIO wanted to Abolish the Electoral College". Those are only some of the people that want to get rid of the Electoral College.

Thats why im with them against the

Electoral College.

Second,Over 60% of voters whould prerfer a direct election than the one we use now. The reason I think they whould want a Direct Election is that they are the one who votes for who they what insted of the Electoral College voteing for the canadate that the most people wanted. Say if you wanted to vote for canadate A so you do but more people like canadate B insted so the Electoral College votes for canadate B and canadate B gets the points for your state. Thats the second reason I think we need to get rid of the Electoral College.

They're still people out their who think that we need to keep the Electoral College and I cant change your mind but only tell you that there are things wroung with the Electoral College. One problem with it is that the electors can be anyonenot holding public office. Another problem with it is that each state only casts one vote, A single representative from Wyoming representing 500,000 voters whould have as much to say as the 55 representatives from Califorina who represent 35 million voters. Thats why I think we dont need the Electoral College.

In conclusion,Thats why I think we need to get rid of the Electoral College and go to popular vote. Because of the meny people who want to get rid of the Electoral College I think its just a matter of time befor we dont have the Electoral College any more someday we will vote for the canadates we want insted of the Electoral College.         