As with many students, receiving an education and taking classes is associated with a physical school building. Students are often aware of the two main options for school: attending public/private institutions or home school. Each option offers different advantages and disadvantages but seem to be on opposite sides of a continuum. The option of taking online classes provide the benefits of both attending an in person school and home school. It can be seen as a middle ground on the continuum as taking online classes in addition to regular classes at school may increase learning. Distance learning benefits students as it can enhance learning, provide a more comfortable environment, and give students the opportunity to take classes not offered at school.

Online learning can be beneficial to students who have a different learning style. They tend to be more heavily technology based which can enhance learning of those who thrive on more technology incorporated lessons and assignments. Because classes are taken online, the teacher or instructor utilizes different technological tools and resources for lesson plan and activities. It broadens the possibilities of how information can be delivered to students and the different class work students can participate in. Online classes can also seem a more appealing option to in person classes, as lessons and assignments tend to be more direct and straight forward. Often times, school teachers give "fluff" assignments that don't necessarily have a purpose or that don't offer much learning potential. These assignments are given to pass time and give students an activity to do whether in class or for homework. I have endured my share of "fluff" assignments throughout high school. During my sophomore year, I despised English class because I didn't seem to gain anything out of it. My teacher would assign miscellaneous assignments such as a food poem or a repetitive packet of work. Online classes tend to include less of these "fluff" assignments because they differ from traditional in person classes where students meet personally with teachers. There is less of a worry to keep students occupied with different assignments each class. With the Generic_School Online Campus, students are given assignments to complete each week with the due date at the end of that week. Teachers tend to give less unnecessary assignments because the class can be more spread out throughout the course.

Taking online classes from home provides students with a more comfortable learning environment. They are in the comforts of their home and have the freedom to attain food or use the bathroom at any given time. Video conferences can be held once a week and may not even reveal a student's appearance, so students can wear whatever clothing they desire or feel most comfortable in. Students are not in the high stress school environment and can feel more relaxed. This may lead to an increase in productivity and focus on one's schoolwork. Although some students lack a healthy domestic environment, online classes are an additional option for students to take. Many students enjoy taking traditional in person school classes because they can escape an unhealthy or distracting home environment, but distance learning simply exists as an additional option for students to take advantage of. Students can choose to take online classes or not depending on their situation and preference. While some students have distracting homes, other students can benefit from online classes as it may provide a quiet and less distracting atmosphere. Students tend to get distracted by classmates at school, so online classes may increase productivity as students can focus more on their work.

The classes offered at each school varies. Students may want to enroll in a specific class but there can be a wait list due to the popularity of the class or it may not be offered at the school. Distance learning allows students the opportunity to take classes which would otherwise not be available. At Generic_School, AP Latin is not a guaranteed class every year. It is entirely dependent on the amount of students who express interest in the class and sign up. When scheduling classes for next year, I requested to take AP Latin, however, if the class will not be available, I will take the class online. With this option of taking online classes, my education will not be hindered or limited. Students should have the opportunity to take whichever class they wish without any restrictions or limitations. Distance learning effectively prevents this situation from occurring with the availability and different offerings of classes.

The argument can be made that attending classes from home does not allow students to develop communication and social skills because of the decrease in social interaction. However, students can develop and hone these skills with continuing to take in person classes at school. Online classes can be taken in addition or in combination with traditional classes at school. Distance learning can enhance education, increase productivity with its more comfortable environment, and expand course selection opportunities for students, but online classes still remain an additional option for students. Students extremely benefit from online classes. Schools must promote and encourage students to take online classes or at the very least, ensure students are aware of this opportunity as an alternative to in person classes. Distance learning provides numerous benefits, and students who take advantage of online classes will have a more enriched education experience.                                             