Driverless cars. Sounds great right? Just a relaxing drive without rush, seems grand. However to me, it doesn't seem rational. How does the idea of cars that are able to be used on it's own sound? As in the article, it states that driving laws want to keep drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. If we go "smart" everything will be technology based. Which is just one reason for an internet crash and more technical problems. Driving without alert humans? How "smart" does that sound?

I understand the idea, and to me it sounds cool. But are we going to risk several other problems to look cool? Driverless cars might be useful; to the handicap, those without legs. They could also be used to those who aren't as good drivers. It notifies the driver when the car needs attention so it would seem okay to just watch what's going on. However, Driverless cars would be tempting for drivers to not pay attention. If they don't pay attention, it could cause wrecks, accidental turns, who knows? You might end up at the wrong place. Lawmakers themself even agree that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. Also, if we went driverless, it would give drunks an "ok" to drive because technically, they aren't driving.. which would cause a whole nother problem.

If we went driverless, it would look cool for awhile, but eventually everything would crash. The cars might not be programmed correctly, people would put the blame on the car and not themself, it would cost us a tremendous amount of more money. From the actual car itself; to all the problems it would cause. We would need to change all the roads and enable electrical cables. Requiring "massive upgardes to existing roads, something that is simply to expensive to be practical." The article states. If the google cars aren't truely driverless, people have to be alert in case of complicated traffic issues. Do you honestly think people would pay attention? Or will it become such a habit and easy to just sleep on the way to work at least one time. Should we take a risk to look cool and "change the world?" Or is it possible to improve technology in a differnet way that keeps drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe and happy.