The FACS (Facial Action Coding System) machine developed by Dr. Paul Eckman is turning the tides of facial expression recognition. It is able to distinguish individual expressions such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness which humans can find hard to do making it vital to being infused into the use of schools. Teachers would be able to learn more of their students and improve on their curriculums in order to satisfy the needs of their students. The FACS machine would be able to tell whether a student is lying, needs emotional support and help, and see whether they understand the lesson or not making the machine essential to school life.

When it comes to school, students will not always tell the truth. They may lie about not doing their homework or be untruthful about whether they were involved in a fight. The FACS machine could solve that issue as it is able to determine whether someone is lying or not based on their expression which is stated in the quote," To an expert, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebrity isn't being truthful." This machine is able to examine the details of one's face to find out if they are lying or not. It examines the key traits of each specific emotion and if they are not meant, that is how it knows whther the truth has been told or not. Students will no longer bee able to weasel their way out of punishment due to their superior lying skills as the FACS machine is able to see through the lies. This is not the only thing this machine can do though for schools.

This mechanism is able to determine the emotions of a student and see if they need help or not. It can read a total of six emotions with some branches coming off of those emotions. The six emotions are stated in the quote," Eckman has classified six basic emotions - happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness - and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles." The machine is able to determine whether a student is in distress or not thus telling the teacher to help the student out with the problem that they are facing. The teacher would be able to help the student cope and deal with their emotional sadness or anger and tell them how to deal with it in order to assist them in getting through it. This is not the end though of what this incredible machine can do for a school.

Students may not understand a lesson and are having troubles getting through it. SInce humans find the task of reading emotions diffficult, a teacher may not be able to see this and help the student out but this machine can deal with that problem too. How the machine deals with this horrible issue is state in the statement," A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, Dr. Huang predicts. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This quote shows how the FACS mechanism would be able to tell if a student is bored which would signal the teacher to modiffy the lesson in order for it to be better understood. Students would no longer have to complain about not understanding their homework or curriculum. This would allow for better grades and better lives for the students in the future.

In conclusion, the FACS machine would be essential to the lives of students in a classroom. Teachers would b able to make the experience of school even better than it is already and easier than it is already. No student would have to struggle anymore which is key to the success of a school as everyone would learn greatly and effecttively. The machine would deal with the problems of whether a student is telling the truth or not, whether a student is in need of emotional support or not, and whether a student needs help understanding the curriculum and lesson that they are learning.