Have you ever wondered where your best friend was when he or she wasn't on the bus? Chances are there doing something they find interesting at an extracurricular activity. For instance A sport, yearbook club, or even student council. These are all examples of after school activities or extracurricular activities. Partaking in extracurricular activities is a fun way to get yourself involved in doing something you like or trying something new if that thing interests you. Personally I'm all for it, I think that having extracurricular activities is fun and can even be something new.

Signing up for an activity you have never heard of before or haven't done before can be challenging, not knowing what to expect can be very nerve racking but thats how you learn what you like. You can always assume the worst and get the best. When I was in elementary school I thought doing chess club was going to be boring, but I actually learned lot of skills from doing that club and I made a lot of good friends that I still have today. I expected it to be boring and it turned out to be an amazing experience. Personally I always watched others and my own brother do theater for a while, and I finally said to myself in sixth grade to try it out. I had heard of it but never tried it I signed up and 5 months later fell in love. It was one of the most fun things I had ever done! Now this is my last year but if I hadn't tried it who knows where I would be right now. When my best friend was nervous about keyboarding club because he thought he couldn't type fast he didn't even want to sign up so I told him that if he doesn't like it he can quit and try something different, and so he tried it and it turned out that he liked it but didn't want to continue, so he quit and tried robotics and then he loved it. He said it was trial and error and thats true. Having to do one club is fine and if while choosing one it doesn't fit you can always try a different one. In the end trying something new can be a challenge but at the end of the day if the end result isn't what you want you can always try something new.

Theres always a mixed variety so chances are there will be at least one option that can be interesting. I'm in my last year of middle school and my sister is in her last year of Elementary school, we have a lot of differences and when it comes to taste in activities we differ from each other opinions, but we've always loved doing clubs when we were in the same school. She always loved mixing things and stirring and combining things, and on the other hand I always liked going out and playing sports and trying to get better, we moved schools and we were afraid they may not have our go to options but then we realized they had lots of variety and my sister and I knew that we would be happy there. Picking one thing out of so many different options can be hard but with variety there aren't very many repeats of the same thing, thats why when you choose something that interests you its the only thing there of its category, most likely because there are so many other options that theres no real reason for it to exist again and be the same thing. This happened to my mom when she was younger there was no real variety there were only 2-3 options to choose from and that was that. Nowadays when I'm choosing after school activities she tells me be wise because when she was younger she had barely as many as I do today. In the grand total you can always find something you'll like because of variety.

Sometimes extracurricular activities can help you realize what you really like to do, but it can also help you find and make friends who have the same interests as you. When I brought up going to chess club earlier I thought that I would dread it but it turned out to be super fun. I also met some of my best friends that I still talk to today, they were super inviting and had a passion for the game and enjoyed it. I had never seen anyone enjoy a game that much. When thinking about it, it seems like a very funny and interesting story how you met your friends but when I talk to some kids they tell me that they met their best friends of today by simply sharing the same interests and that is a great way to make friends. When going to a certain activity you go because you enjoy that one thing, well the other people there also enjoy that activity and now you know a whole bunch of people who share a common interest with you. sometimes even the smallest things can spark a friendship maybe you and someone play the same position on a sports team that can be a great reason to be friends or to even talk, doing extra curricular activities gets you out of your comfort zone and makes you feel just open and wanting to talk to people. When going to a certain activity thinking of how the people there are gonna act is a huge thing but most likely the environment is very welcoming and it makes you want to keep doing that one thing with the same people because of how they treated you. In conclusion making friends is a big deal and doing an extracurricular activity can play a huge role and help with making friends.

My first reason on why I agree and think that doing at least one extracurricular activity will help you is because signing up for something you've never heard of or tried seems like a big challenge, but in the end you might really like it or feel like it suited you. My second reason was that theres always a good variety of activitys to do that you really enjoy or might want to do and this goes without saying but having a lot of different choices of specific things will help you narrow down your choices. My third reason is that you can make a lot of friends and have a very long and fun lasting relationship with people that you shared a common interest with. I believe that doing one extracurricular activity isn't a bad thing but a helpful thing to have in your life. In conclusion trying something new can always be fun and inviting.   