In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. I believe that if driverless cars became legal more accidents would occur and thousands of perople lose their jobs.

Driverless cars have almost every part of the car controlled by a computer. So, what happens if the car's computer lost power because it has been on to long, or it overheats because the computer is working to hard? In all these situations the car would most likely stop functioning correctly , and quite possibly hurt a pasenger. What if an essential part of the car breaks while on the road? The google car has a special piece of equipment called a LIDAR that keeps a constant 3-D model of the area around. If that piece of machinery fails while on the road the driver is required to take control of the car to keep it from driving into any people, buildings, or other cars. In all of the situations above the driver would need to take control of that unique situation, or else fatalities could occur. These are only a couple examples of what could happen if a driverless car malfunctioned while on the road.

In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," it says that the current taxi system would be taken over by driverless cars. this would put hundreds of thousands of taxi and Uber drivers out of a job. There are also some jobs that cannot be replaced by driverless cars. A job like the trash collector would require the driver to get into the driveway, and get in the correct position to properly and safely collect the trash. Emergerency response vehicles like ambulances, police cars, and fire trucks would also need drivers to get them through traffic quickly, efficiantly, and safely. These examples show that hundreds of thousands of people would lose their jobs if driverless cars were to take over. They also show that some jobs can not be completed without a driver behind the wheel.

Since, driverless cars are driven by computers that means they are suseptable to hackers or other harmful people. If a driverless car has a computer that is connected to the internet hackers anywhere in the world could hack into the car's computer, and make it do whatever they want. There are also people who could damage the car physically by damaging essential external parts of the car. There are also unforseen events that could happen through nature. The car's camera or LIDAR could be covered up acciddently by a leaf or a bug. The car could hit a bad bump and jar the sytems computer. These are things that are possible in the realm of driverless cars.

These reasons that I have stated show that there will always be a time when cars will need a driver to take control of a unique situation. Whether it be a faulty computer or broken camera; drivers will always be needed.  