When you are asking someone about what you should do in a certain situation, you value their opinions and statements but are they the only person you should be asking? Talking and asking for advice from multiple sources is always the way to go when you need help. Just think, using one persons experience is nothing compared to a range of different experiences, backgrounds, thoughts, ideas, etc. If you ask multiple people for advice you would get tons of point of views you have never seen or even thought of, it'll help you think clearly and put things into perspective just a little more and youll be able to point things out that youve just glanced over.

Asking different people advice on a certain subject will provide you will an immense amount of stuff you didnt talk about and or stuff you didnt even think about. Bringing in different point of views into a two or more person situation will help you decide on whats the best choice to make. Talking to other people will also allow an opportunity for the other person to give you important key facts to your situation. They might bring up past experiences they have had or that their friend has had in the past, they might even be in the same position as you are right now. In the end no matter how hard or difficult your situation is its always better to get extra help and advice along the way.

When you involve other people in a situation so you can get help with something its important that you spare no detail, mainly so you can get the right advice for your situation exactly. Talking to other people and including every little thing will help the other person point out things that you might not have seen or even realized were included. Having other people around and helping you getting through this will put things into perspective and guide you more along the way. Keeping your mind clear of any false and stray details will help as long as you have a group of people always having your back.

Thinking clearly and thoughtfully of your situation will lead to you fixing your problems in no time. Keeping people around you to support and help you see things through will ultimately benefit your situation entirely. Weather you are having problems with a friend, school, home or whatever the case may be thinking things through with a calm breath and some time to yourself for you can just process how you are feeling will benefit you in the end. Having a healthy and great group of friends will offer you the best advice of how to fix anything you are going through.

In conclusion, having multiple people to talk to when you are stuck is a great way to open up different points of views, help you point things out and not to mention help you think clearly about your situation. Only having one person to talk to is great and all but at the end of the day you want more people to talk and ask for advice by so you can fix whatever is bothering you and move on with your life.