Other's say that students will not benefit by taking classes from online or video conferencing.

I on the other hand, think that taking online classes are helpful to students who are not able to attend real classes.

Some students, may find it hard to actually go to school. These classes are there for, students who might have serious sickness or a serious issue. They will get the education they need like every other student regardless to any problem. It might be different from a real class but, it helps the people in need. Some students might be going through stuff, for example getting bullied in school and, not being able to go back to face negativity, others will make up their minds to stay away from something like that. Some people might say that you are running away from a problem but, that probably was not "your" intention. Others might also take online classes due to being sick and, not being able to go out without the help of someone so, a student will probably stay home and also get the help they need.

The problem will not always function around critical conditions, because there are college students who take online classes and 99% of them are doing fine. Some people do not learn better online and some do but, that's fine because taking online classes are not by force, and students have the right to choose what can help them learn. There is a lot of reasons why online classes are not good and, a lot of reasons why it might be helpful to other students and not all. Some of these reasons are, transportation but that's not really common though, it can be an issue. Some students also find online classes easier because, it is basic steps and, instead of waking up every morning going to class you can just simply stay home and get the work done. Another reason why other's find real classes helpful or beneficial than, online classes might be based on their learning strategies for intents, learning better when taught to in person even though, online classes do the same with videos taught step by step. Another reason might be notes taking because, some students learn better when taking notes in class and,later on doing an assignment by looking at these notes but then, online classes is kind of similar to real classes, it is just the fact that there is no teacher teaching it in a classroom but doing it online.

There are many ways both real classes and online classes are beneficial and ways they both might not be as helpful, but online classes are much easier and less stressful. Even know schools and teacher's a sign their students homework's where the computer does half the work and the teacher does the grading and a little teaching. So, i do not see the point in going to school and taking these computer classes when you can easily stay home, study , and get your work done by taking online classes. It is an option for students to attend real classes or online classes, but of course it will be based of the way every student learn.