" I only love my bed and my momma, I'm sorry," is a song lyric from famous R&B artist, Drake. This quote may pertain to one, considering many people love the comfort of their own space and bed. One can shop, watch concerts, get food, and more through electronics. So then rises the question: why not attend classes through these same devices? Students would benefit from being able to take classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because students will not have to worry about discrimination of any kind, have more control over their learning, and be able to decide the timing in which they learn.

The school setting is one of the main grounds for bullying; consequently, this affects one's ability to focus and learn. This effect is not a problem at home, because one does not have to fear getting talked about by fellow students in the classroom. In the isolation of one's home, nobody sees them, what they have on, how their hair looks, etc. For example, one could have half of their hair undone, and not have to worry about what the next person has to say about it. This online replacement, in fact, completely eliminates the need to get ready and look the utmost best to try to avoid stares and whispers. Another example is that a friend has not only told me, but I have witnessed how much online schooling has benefited her for the better. She is not as self conscious as she used to be, due to the fact that, she has gotten very used to being comfortable in her own skin and not having to listen to other people's opinions. In school, she was a C, and occasionally a D, student because she was always leaving class to go speak with counselors about how people would make jokes about her and throw items at her, because she looked different and was Arabian. Since she switched to online schooling, she is now an A and B student. Furthermore, she is about to graduate and get her diploma with a 3.0 GPA. If she did not switch to online schooling, would she be in this situation now?

People have different ways of learning and getting information into their head. With classes online, one has more control over their learning. Studies show that majority of humans have three different ways of learning: audio, visual, and more proactive. With the web, people can simply listen to the lesson, watch it, or write things down and create models in home for a more interactive experience. In addition, taking notes is easier with this strand of learning. One is able to focus, without distractions in a classroom setting. For example, other students being obsessively loud, to the point where, one cannot hear the teacher or be able to do the assignment properly. Also, students tend to move at many different paces when trying to learn; therefore, online classes can support this. One can go through the lesson at their own pace; being able to move forward or go back to certain information, if they move a little slower or faster than the average. People could have slightly different learning abilities, and need certain resources. For example, someone may need a dictionary to understand. However, with electronic learning, these resources are right at your fingertips.

Online schooling and video conferencing is just another way or learning that is more flexible, due to the fact that, one is in their home. Students would definitely benefit from being able to attend classes from home because one is able to avoid discrimination from fellow students, approach the way of their learning, and control the timing of their learning. At the end of the day, why move from the comfort of the home and bedroom, especially when there's better benefits if one stays?