Dear Senator,

I feel as if you should keep the Electoral College as it is. Our country is so messed up that we have a lot of our people not working or just getting well-fair. To be honest, that isnt fair that they get a vote. Who are they going to choose when it comes to voting? Someone trying to help us move forward or someone making our tax money got to the people who dont want to get off there lazy butt and do something. I do not know 100% of the facts on who can vote or not, but if a bum sitting on state road 70 all day begging for money just so he can go buy beer, seems unfair that he should even get a vote. In my opinion half of the population will end up voting for someone because, of what bad benefits he is offering and then we will be stuck with another bad president for another 4 years! Who knows more about congress then our congress? Lets be a honest here, do we really want all our tax money going to families with 8 kids and cant afford 2 or the bums on the side of the road begging for money or the trashy people hitting up crack ever time they get a little bit of money? Not me!

The article states that yes the electors may choose differently from what the people and the popularity wanted. I dont think that matters because why would they vote for someone who isnt fit to be president? If they are even up there, they are fit. So I think the Electoral College is just fine of a process to use for the United States of America. Yes, maybe our electors dont see certain benefits one canidate might be offering or doesnt understand as to why one might be better in your eyes. But in the end, the president we choose is probably not even going to actually do half the things he promised so who cares?

If we want this country to go anywere we need to let the people who actually understand what the men up on the campains telling the people of america a bunch of lies really offer us. They know whats good for us and thats why they are voting for them.

I hope you understand where I am coming from.

Thank You, PROPER_NAME    