In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents both positive and negative aspects of cars that drive themselves. Although, there are bountieous reasons why driverless cars are a good thing, there are also myriads of reasons as of why this could also be a bad thing. From upgrading roads to the invasion of privacy, driverless cars are not looking too good for the future.

The article mentioned "many futurists believed the key to developing self-driving cars someday wasn't so much smarter cars as smarter roads." What that piece is stating is in order to have smart cars or driverless cars the U.S will require "massive upgrades," hence the mention of smart roads.

The roads will need to have built in radio signals to send messages, in binary code, to the car, to alert the car of road conditions or any problems. In response to knowing this the author states that this was "simply too expensive to be pratical." So now that smart roads are out of the question, it is up to technology to teach the car human skills.

Technology is being used to help the cars "mimic the skill of a human at the wheel," as the article states. It has the proper sensors, but sensors alone could not possibly be enough. According to the article the cars are designed to notify the driver when the road requires human skills. Everything about driving a car on the road is a human skill, not to mention technology is known to have loop holes and gaps hidden throughout it. Statistics most likely shows that there are many ways to hack into the technology and change how a company programs their product to work. If it is not being hacked into, technology and the internet is also known to malfunction often, which could lead to innumerable amounts of incidents.

Another concern with driverless cars is invasion of privacy. The article mentions that while the driver watches the road, the car will be watching the driver. An issue with that would be that if the footage gets out and private information is shown in the footage will the company be held responsible. This could cause issues as identity theft and more to rise. Wanting to be sure that drivers are focusing on the road is one thing, but if it causes a stir with privacy that could potentionally be bad for the car companies and the people in charge.

My position of driverless cars is no technology could drive a car better than humans. Driving is a human activity, it started with humans and should end the same way. I do agree the world would use less gas, but I don't believe it is quite as safe as it seems. There are countries and people who are already in debt, we should be trying to help them out before we try to spend billions on smart roads. We also can not just rely on technology to keep us safe, there are already an aboundant amount of technology malfunctions going on, adding this to the equation would not help. Lastly, one that will probably have more of a concern with everyone would be privacy, I do not believe most people would feel safe knowing they are being watched as they are driving, and knowing that fact could even possibly make them unfocused. Driverless cars was a good idea, but I personally do not believe that anyone is ready for them.