Dear Principal,

Helping in community service is way to encourage students to help out a lot more and keep students out of trouble. Doing community service shows that kids actually do care about their town and the environment they live in. For example if you live by a beach, and there is a lot of garbage, and no one helps pick it up, it can kill the poor harmless animals that might think its food. But if you have all the students help by doing community service it will all get cleaned and we can make sure there are no pieces left behind.

If you have all the kids help, maybe we can have an ice-cream day to repay us for all the hard work, so that everyone gets something good out of volunteering to community service. I myself do not like to clean anything, but i think community service would be a really good thing for some kids. And it's not only cleaning trash off the ground but also helping at the elderly home or tutoring kids at an elementary school, like reading books, or help planting trees around their school grounds. There is a wide variety of things to do.

If you don't want to make all the kids in the school do community service, then i think you should put up a sign up sheet for students who want to so they can sign up, and have a day or two every week were they leave school for a couple hours to go do some community service with some teachers that volunteers also.

Also, i think kids that get into fights or start trouble with teachers or their peers, should have to go without a doubt so they can learn a few things about being a bully.

Volunteering in community service is a great way to keep students out of trouble. If they have already been in trouble, then it well help them learn their lessons. Volunteering in community service looks really good on a record, and usually when you apply for a job there is a section that ask for volunteer work, so it could also help some kids get better jobs. Please write back or call me in to talk, so i know what ideas are going through your head. I really hope i inspired you to try something different!

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME