I believe that we should change the system to "election by popular vote". If we were to change the way we elect our president im sure citizens would be more pleased with the over all outcome. People vote on who they think is best fit to represent them and give them the best over all outcome. When using the "electoral college" you are not voting for the president but you are voting for a state of electors. It would be easier to simply allow presidents to get the popular vote in order to make the election more fair all around. The "electoral college" is unfair to voters because of the winner-take-all system. It is time to change our voting methods because the "electoral college" system is outdated, irrational, and unfair to citizens.

When people place their vote they belive they are putting in a vote for the president they choose, not for a slate of electors. The "electoral college" is a very non-democratic way of selecting your president. In a way the government is deceiving their citizens by the way our voting method is set up. When people vote they feel a sense of independence because they are allowed to choose who they would like to represent them in congress. But instead once they place their vote it goes to electors rather than a simple vote towards the one they selected. If you were to change the way people's votes were counted it would be easier and faster to elect a president and get him into office to fix world-wide problems.

In all three articles at least one section has made it clear on their opinion to abolish the electoral college. Figures such as Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and even the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have agreed on abolishing the electoral college. When voting for president you are voting for a slate of electors, but do we even know who these supposed electors are! Are votes are being manipulated and we are not even aware of who is doing it. If we can not vote for are president without going through electors we should be able to vote for the electors who are voting for are president. It is only fair that we have some say in everything that is going on. When votes are being placed we should be informed of all that is going on.

If you were to vote for your favorite tv show but your vote had to go through twenty different people all with different opinions you would be frustrated. Now imagine that scenario but with something extremely more significant than a televison show, the president. You are trusting possibly the next four years of your life with strangers in which you have never heard of before. It would only be fair if we could simply change the system to popular vote rather than electoral college.

If you switch to popular vote more people would be more likely to vote because they could have more confidence about their vote. They would feel free to make their own decision and trust it would not be tampered with by a stranger. People deserve a fair vote and with the popular vote that is what you are giving them. Because every living being deserves equality. Changing the system would not only be helpful for citizens but helpful for the congress. Instead of having random members of congress choose the president they can work on serious issues around the world. They can stop worrying about foolishness and do their jobs.

In conclusion changing the way people vote is easier for everybody. It saves time for electors and it gives people a chance to see who they are really voting for. Presidents would have to go to each state and appeal to them in order to get a vote. I belive that is what we need. They would be required to actually work for a position in office rather than speaking on whjat they are going to do and paying someone else to elect them. We should have faith in our president and know who we are voting for before we cast our vote. This system seems more fair and more modern to the twenty first century. This is a system most Americans would agree with. So to end my argument I simply say think before you act and truly try to do whats right.    