When you think of the USA  the first word that you think of is freedom or a word along those terms. I would have to agree with you we are a very free and fair country for...most things like voting I would have to say that the Electoral Collage is the one unfair thing we have and their are many reasons why we should replace the Electoral Collage with popular vote.

The Electoral Collage is when voting for the president, instead of dierectly voting you have electors represnt your state during elections. The Electoral Collage is made up of 538 electors, you have one elector for every member of the Congressional deleagtion and House of Representives plus two for the Sentors this is per state then they all come together to represnt during the election of the president. This is how the Electoral Collage is set up it all seems fair but you, yourself arent having a fair chance to vote for who you want as the president, its like haveing someone make your dessions for you its just unfair. The Electoral Collage is set up so the electors vote for who they want to win surely one of your electors will vote for who you want  but its not enough you basically have no voice during elections. Bradford Plumers The Indefsible Electoral Collage he says "At the most basic level, the electoral collage is unfair to voters, because of the winner take all system in each state" he then says " The candidates only spend time in the swing states where they know they have a chance of winning"; he is pointing out that those who are running for president spend a mojortity of their time in the states where they can get the most amount of votes for example they might campain to Florida or Washington DC but not even go to a state like Wyoming or Idoh.

I think we should have the popular vote because it goves everyone a chance to vote for the president, they can voice their opions out loud and have a chance at seeing who they want in office. Another reason the Electoral Collage is unfair is because the electors might all be Republican or all Democrat but we as voters dont get a chance to pick what party we stand for, with popular vote you have a chance to say who you want and what party you represent weather its Republican, Democrat or Induvial you at least get the chance and even though its only a 25 percent  chance who you vote for is going to win at least its still a chance. Popular vote has its many advantges but one of the best is you can "get to know" who your voting for the canidates can come to your state and make speechs, have posters something to tell you what they are planning on doing if they get elected, this gives every state a fair chance to see who they are voting for. And yes they might spend a longer time in New york then Ohio but at least their spending time and educating the people on what they want to do and why the people should vote for them. Know I know theres alot of arguments on why we should have the Electoral Collage so let me get to that.

In Richard A Posners In Defense of the Electoral Collage he states that the Electoral Collage is good because of the " swing states" wich he then says " The voters in toss-up states are more likely to be the most thoughtful voters because they know they are going to decide the election" in saying this he means that people who live in swing states will be more careful and more thought out on who they want to vote for. Yes this might be true but what about all the non swing states like for example Texas they could have been careful while voting but Florida was not, then you have Ohio and New Mexico who could have been careful to but compared to Florida their votes get lost even though they were more careful and thoughtout.

So as you can see popular vote is more fair and also a smarter method of things it gives the peoplle a fair chance to vote for who they want while also allowing them to voice thier thoughts.    