Someone asked me for my opinion on a problem she was having the other day and well I gave it to her, but after I saw her go up to two other people and ask same thing and I felt like I didnt give the right answer, couple days go by and she comes up to me and says my advice worked! I asked her "how many people did you talk to" she said "4 I took bits of what everyone told me and used it". I think you should ask 3-5 people there opinion on a problem. That way you get more advice and more ways to resolve whatever your looking to resolve,even if you tell your close friend about the problem and there advice doesnt help at least you know you have someone that'll talk with you, also if you ask for advice and it doesnt solve the problem you have to ask more people and tell the first person there advice didnt help.

If you have a problem ask! if you need advice on something ask 3-5 people for there opinion that way you get multiple sources telling you things that may help you make a better choice. Take cooking as an example Gordon Ramsey had 4 mentors to get where he is today if he didnt have all 4 who knows what kind of chef he'd be today. When you ask 5 people you can fit there opinions together and get a better outcome. Kid President once said "Use your brain". I bring this up because 5 opinions is stronger than 1. It's using more brain power!

Even if there advice doesnt help, you still know that you can talk to people about what your going through. When people especially your friends know your having problems they'll reach out and ask about how you are and whats going on in your life. 1,000's of people die to suicide every year from not reaching out for help. Knowing that someone is always there is an amazing thing to know. When I have a problem I have 3 friends I always ask and it gets resolved in a short time.

If you ask for advice and it doesnt solve the problem you have to ask more people and tell the first person there advice didnt help. Think about it instead of failing to solve your problem then going back to square one of asking then doing just start the process by asking 5 people and trying all 5 if the others dont work. If you have 5 ways of doing something and they all dont work then it may not be fixable but keep asking 5 those dont work 5 more just keep trying to solve. When the person you originally asked comes to you and says "So what happened" you have to tell them there advice didnt help which is a problem in itself for some people. When someone tells you that your advice didnt work you sometimes have that urge to argue with them which wont help the situation at all.

Yeah you may say "more opinions will make you confused about which advice to pick therefore leaving you with another problem to solve". But the solution to that is by taking bits of each piece of advice and complete the puzzle. I think you should ask 3-5 people there opinion on a problem. 