To keep the Electoral College, or to switch to election by popular vote for the President of the United States, anyone can see the right answer is to keep the Electoral College, despite it not being the most democratic choice around. Many see it as being a waste of time, seeing as how they truly can't vote for the President they want. Yet most still can't see that the Electoral College is not the most easiest thing to get rid of. It has been with them ever since their Founding Fathers established it along with the Constitution.

Keeping the Electoral Colllege is best for the US, even if it isn't that fair to the people. But first, what is the Electoral College anyways? Well, the Electoral College is not an actual college, its actually a process. The Founding Fathers made it as "a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress, and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens", as stated in paragraph one of the article, lines 3-6. A somewhat tedious task to get voted for a whole entire country, but it gets the job done.

The Electoral College system has been reported as "unfair, outdated, and irrational." (paragraph 14, lines 1 and 2). Most of what that statement does say is true, it is pretty unfair to the people who want to vote for their president, it's extremely outdated and needs an update fast, and its pretty irrational at times. Yet does that mean it can be bad? No, not really. As stated in paragraph 16, lines 1-3; "Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)". The statment means that basically each slate chooses some electors that go with the popular vote, and they are shipped off to go and submit the votes and the electoral votes, where the task they are given is rarely betrayed, or not done. Yet, the word 'rarely' still sticks, and not many can just simply deny that it is not there. The rest of the statment in paragraph 16 continues onto lines 4-6, "[;however,] it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote." So in simple terms, you can get the electoral vote which can put you ahead, but you won't win with just that under your belt. The people still matter, and their vote can still count against you.

Finally, let's get explaining "Why should we keep the Electoral College." There are easily 5 reasons for retaining it. The 5 reason why we should keep it, are as follows:

1)Certainty of Outcome; certainty of outcome basically states that anything can happen, but anything bad won't neccesarily always happen. Let's take paragraph 18 for example, which talks about this reason. It states in lines 16-19, "A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes-538- is an even number, but is highly unlikely..." Anything can happen, even a tie.

2)Everyone's President is as it states. The President is everyone's , not just the people in the south, north, or anywhere in the United States. If anyone just simply appealed to a certain region in the US, the other regions would feel as if "the new president will have no regard for their interests, that he really isn't their president" (paragraph 19, last line).

3)Swing States, the main practice of the Electoral College. The higher the state has with electoral votes, the more likely the canidate will be able to win. However, "Voters in toss-up states are more likely to play close attention to the campaign-to really listen to the competing canidates-knowing that they going to decide the election" (paragraph 20, lines 4-8). This means that they will not be easily be persuaded.

4)Big States, as some can guess from the phrase, 'Bigger is better', that phrase truly shines here. the bigger states, such as California or Texas, have higher electoral votes than some of the smaller states, such as New Jersey or Rhode Island. As it states in paragraph 21, lines 9-12, "So, other things being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential canidates in a campaign than a small state does..."

5)Avoid Run-off Elections, where "The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no canidates receives a majority of the votes cast." (paragraph 22, lines 1-3) That means that the Electoral College tries to make sure that their is no tie.

Those are the reasons why the Electoral College should not be abolished. Surely someone can put up a counter argument to make this small article to shame, but in the end its truly all of the matter of opinions, where no ones is truly "the best" or "true". This is simply the opinion of many in the US.    