The Electoral College is a "process" "between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens" (1). The Electoral Collage was created by the founding fathers and was written in the Constitution. The Electoral Collage should be kept instead of popular vote because the Electoral Collage is easier to decide who becomes President and it is chosen by a better educated person.

To start, the Electoral Collage helps in deciding who is gonna be the President.  "Certainity of outcome, everyones President, swing states, big states, and avoid run-off elections" (Posner). The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral Collage invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote" (18). "This is a desirable result because a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president" (19). "...the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election" (20). "So, other things being equal , a large state gets more attention from presidental candidates in a campaign than a small state does..." (21). "The Electoral Collage avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast" (22).

Secondly, when voting for Electoral Collage "you are actually voting for your candidate's electors" (6). "Each candidate running for President is your state has his or her own group of electors" (5). "The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are..." (5).

Although the Electoral Collage sounds simple, there are some problems that occur. "...According to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore--thanks to the quirks of the electoral collage-- won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now" (9). "Under the electoral collage system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president" (10).

To conclude, the Electoral Collage is easier to decide who is becomes the President and it is chosen by a better educated person. "Voters in a presidental elections are people who want to express a politcal preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election..." (23).    