Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. The projects assigned to the students during the summer should be designed by teachers. Teachers know all the requirements that a student needs to excel in their class. If a student designs the project he or she will make it to the ability where it is easy on them instead of actually learning from the project.

Every year many teachers have lesson plans that they go by to get their students to the requirements needed to pass their class. When a teacher assigns a project during the summer it is to prepare the student for the upcoming year. A teacher designs the project in a certain way where the student can obtain information during the summer instead of forgetting it completely. For example, a history teacher assigns a summer project every year. He assigns it so his students can be prepared for the first lesson that he is going to go over. He wants his students to have background information about the material for better understanding. The project could actually be very helpful because instead of going into the class not knowing anything at all a student can at least go with the information he or she learned from doing the summer project. The projects designed by the teachers in the summer are to help a students achieve great things in their class.

If a student was able to design his or her own summer project, it will probably lead to them not getting any information from it at all. A student does not know all the requirements needed for their upcoming class. The student will probably create the project where it is less work on themselves. Not many students want to do work during their summer break. Many students already do not even want a summer project assigned. I had a chance to create my own project during the summer one year for my English class; it did not turn out very well. I created the project where I did not have to do a ton of work on it because it was my summer break, and I wanted to enjoy it. The reason why it did not turn out well because I created the project with not enough for information because I did not want to waste my time on a summer project. Which also leaded to me not learning anything from it at all. When the first day of class came I knew absolutely nothing that my teacher was talking about. Then realized If my teacher had created the summer project I feel like I would of obtained way more information because she knows all the goals that need to be reached to succeed in her class.

Many students believe that they should be able to design their own summer projects because they feel like they should have a chance to assign themselves something that they are actually interested in. However, it is better for a teacher to design the summer project because the teacher knows all the information that a student needs to be successful in their class. It is better for a student to have information about what they actually need to know to pass the class than something that just interests them. 