There are many people in this world that want change and that includes me, if you would take five minutes out of your day to listen to what I have to say.

I think the United States Of America should change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. The Electoral College has been here for countless years and many people would be dissapointed that it's gone, people would drowl over it for a very long time, but there are good and bad avantages for both circumstances. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President, that can sum up if someone wins or loses, a big disadvantage in the longrun. Over 60% of voters would perfer a direct election, if we got that voters would not be pressured at all and would have a very good vote that can be proud of.

There all lots of things wrong with the Electoral College System in my opinon, like that when you vote for your President, your also choosing the electors that come along with him/her. There have way over the amount of problems with electors over the past year and it is a huge problem that only some people have noticed. What if there is a prospect of a tie in the electoral vote, that would lead to big time problems and there is a severe chance it will happen. In the United States there are millions of people voting and there not making the votes they really want because the electors.

At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters, if someone is favored the outrageous voters know about the winner-take-all system in each state. The Electoral College System is messing our society up every 4 years, its unfair, outdated, and irrational in so many ways. For an example, in the 2000 U.S presidential race, Al Gore received more indiviual votes then George W. Bush nationwide, but Bush won the election, receiving 271 electoral votes to Gore's 266. Don't get me wrong Bush was a great president, but facts are facts.                                