Today I was having an agument with my buddy. This argument was about "The Face on Mars". We both had our own opinions on what we thought it was. We weere sitting in my living room on the tan couch with the television on. My friend was tall with blonde hair and skinny. I had brown hair and was average height. I worked for Nasa so I had seen pictures of what it was and had proof that it was only a mesa and it was an illusion to the human eye.

Zeke thought it was an artifact on once living life on Mars. He thought Nasa was going to say it was something else so people wouldn't truly know what it was. He thought Nasa was trying to keep it in the dark so noone would try and travel there to get closer looks on it and steal there idea. Zeke thought we needed to run further studies to truely figure out what this was.

I told Zeke that it was only a landform on Mars and not some alien artifact. I told him that it was a mesa which was common in this area of Mars. I also explained how shadows made it look like a face and how it was all an illusion that was visible to the human eye. They said that this landform was nothing more than a landorm on Mars that wasnt what it had appered to be.

Zeke, who was a man of what he said, did not believe me and wouldn't take my word for it. Once he got an idea in his head it wasn't going to move for anything. It did not matter what proof you showed him he wouldn't believe as single word. He argued with me about if or hours until finally we decided that we wouldn't argue about it anymore. He still told me he thought his idea was right and I was completly wrong.

I told Zeke i worked for Nasa so I would know way more than he does an I insured him it was not an alien artifact and it was just a mesa which looked to be something it wasn't and that he shouldn't be so stubborn about it and just believe me. Knowing Zeke I didn't thnk he would even budge. Of course i was right and Zeke didn't sway his answer at all.

I offered to show him prove. I had pictures of the event and so I showed him. He finally could see what we saw. He decided that he needed to look closer into the pictures. He came back the next morining and we sat down and ate donuts and drank some coffe. He gave me back the pictures and he said "You know I think those pictures didn't help change my mind at all"   