I must say that, in my opinion The Face on Mars is indeed NOT created by aliens. It is simply illogical. And, to prove my point, I have conjured a few reasons as to why this "Face on Mars" is a natural landform.

Firstly, the picture taken in 2001 is solid proof, as well as the 1998 picture. Both seem to resemble a simple mesa, a natural landform quite common on Mars. The 1998 photograph was slightly blurry, so three years later Michael Malin and his crew returned to the Red Planet, to the Cydonia region. Mr. Malin set the Mars Global Surveyor camera to maximum resolution, and snapped an excellent picture from above the Face. And, going even further, I will point out that each pixel in the 2001 photograph spans1.56 meters, as the Viking I's 1976 photo spans 43 meters per pixel. As you can see, this is a significant difference and must not be overlooked.

Also, I will point out that, in 1976, we at NASA were still relatively new to venturing beyond Earth's orbit. The Apollo 11 mission was just seven years old! To attach a high-powered camera to a space shuttle was very challenging at the time. I still hold to my belief that, during the 1976 mission, it was either the fault of the Viking I for holding a bad angle for the camera and causing blurriness, or the camera's fault for simply not being powerful enough. The 1976 photo spans just 43 meters per pixel, which at the time was a very high resolution, but now is considered very low. All in all, the Viking I photo of the Face on Mars is forty years old and must not be taken as seriously as it once was.

My final claim that the Face on Mars is a mesa lies in the fact that, if the Face really was an alien monument, NASA would not keep their lips tight about it. It would make global headlines, and shock the world. I find it highly unrealistic that NASA would even have been able to determine what the Face was forty years ago, much less hiding a discovery of extra-terrestrial life that could make a huge profit for the space program. And, had NASA really claimed that the Face was an object built by otherworldly life, surely someone would let the cat out of the bag. Not to mention that, if the vast majority of NASA believed it was an alien monument, do you really think that they would wait eighteen years to investigate the subject again? On top of all of this, it's simply illogical that aliens would create such a thing. As far as we all know, the supposed "aliens" on Mars have never come in contact with a human, much less seen one. That only leaves possible explanation; aliens created a monument that of which coincedentally resembles a human head. An absolute coincedence.

Are you ready to accept the truth about the Face on Mars? I have listed valid, credible arguments including the high resolution of the 2001 photo, and the weak resolution of the 1976 photo. I also questioned the logic of extra-terrestrial life, and the logic that NASA would have used to cope with the discovery of aliens. Thank you for your time and effort in reading this essay.