Everyday a great many people drive their cars to commute to work, run errands, and sometimes drive their cars for career related purposes. Little do they know that the greenhouse gas emissions that their automobiles create are damaging the environment and creating large amounts of pollution in metropolitan areas. To help reduce the gas emmisions caused by automobiles many countries around the world have created programs and communities that are designed to lessen the amount of car usage in the areas that they are employed in. In doing so they have reduced the amount of greenhouse gasses in Earth's atmosphere along with producing many other benefits.

Of all the advantages of limited car usage the most attractive one would definetly have to be reduced pollution and greenhouse gas emissions. Not only will people save money on fuel in communities that forbid the usage of cars but they will save the planet as well. According to the article "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhous gas emissions in Europe ... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." The information shows that a large amount of gas emissions can be produced by automobiles. Assume that there were a lot of cities that had incredibly low rates of car usage. If those city's greenhose gas emission levels were compared to those of an average car filled city then it would be logical that the car-free city produced less greenhouse gasses.

Another positive change that has the ability to happen in cities and communities that limit their car usage is that municipal development can occur. When people start to use cars less and less then businesses would most likely move to more accessable locations which in turn may give the businesses more customers. Due to the increased business in certain stores, stores from different companies will likely move in to areas in and around the one the other businesses reside in to drum up their sales as well. The article "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" supports my statement in the with the sentence, "Parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." The sentence shows the correlation between lessening car usage and municipal development.

In the end, the advantages of limiting car usage are as bountiful as fish in the ocean. From lessening the amount of pollution in cities to aiding the development of cities, limiting car usage can do great things.            