I think is a good choice for people to take classes online or at home because they can learn more and concentrate better and put more attention and nobody can distract them. I think if people do it online or at home they are not going to make friends. Sometimes is good to make friends because they can help you or be with you in someway is good to go school then taking at home or online. Also if they do it online or at home they are going to be more prepared and ready for wet ever situation because they was putting attention in their lessons. But being in a group in school is more interesting because you can meet new people and don't be alone doing the work but everything have their good choices for do it and people can decide how they want to do it or how much they want lo learn.

some people prefer to take classes from home or online. because they can be more concentrate without nobody distracting them. I think it will be a good choice for them to do it online. For example if they are doing work in a group they are talking and don't concentrated but if they are with nobody they can work better and do their work. This can be the reason for more people take that classes because they work better with out no one else. The people who studies online or at home are more intelligent, and learn more because they are concentrate in what they are doing. In sometimes in the schools they are not concentrate because they are playing or talking with their friends and that can distract people. If they make a competition an student who studied on line or at home with one student is a regular school I think the student is not on the school can win because sometimes that students are more prepared then the regular school. Also sometime the students who go to a regular school they just go for play with their friends is good to have some friends but they are not concentrate o they are sleeping when the teacher is explaining and then when they do the exam or quiz they fail. But if one student is studding online or at home they are listening for when they have to take the exams they can pass and are more responsible with that.

When the school is over at the end of the year some people learn a lot but some people no because they were just playing and don't putting attention or sleeping in class. But the people who studies online or at home they are ready know a lot because they were concentrated and no one was distracting them and that if how they work someones want to learn and pass and someones no each one can take their own decision. I think studies online is more better, more productive at the and of the year. Taking classes at home can benefit at the students in many ways and they know more at the end of the school. When the students at the regular school at the end of the year they have an SOL test. some students fail this test because they did not learn nothing for the rest of the year just for be sitting and doing nothing. But if someone who studies at home have the ability to pass the SOL because they were interested of the class of what were they learning and don't have distractions all year. 