Sticky situations, we've all been through one of those in our lives. It may not always be a sticky situation, instead, just a tough decision your going to have to make. Making your own decision can lead to either a positive outcome or a negative outcome, but in order to prevent that you can talk to more than one person before making a decision. Talking to more than one person before a choice or decision can be beneficial in many ways.

Asking others before a though choice is scientifically proven that you will most likely end up making the right decision according to students at Howard University .

Ways they have been proven is that there are people who are successful and stories behind it. For example, Bill Gates at a young age used to work with Steve Jobs who was a very successful businessman behind the company Apple, and Steve Jobs didnt quite acknowledge a young,bright,open-minded,intelligent

Bill Gates. Bill Gates knew that he was very smart but he had a really tough choice to make, that choice was to either surprise the world and make his own dynasty out of a company or stick with

Steve Job's Apple, What came to Bill Gates mind was that he wanted to stay with Steve Jobs

Because he was already very popular and high marketing, but before making a decision he went on and asked a few people and those people had a thought in mind that Bill Gates is very smart and that with his knowledge and study he could easily thrash Steve Jobs. Bill Gates listened to his friends and after years of work and study he made his own Company Microsoft and shocked the world and is now recognized as one of the most successful businessman in the world and one of the most wealthy as well. What we learned out of this is that when you ask people to assist you on a tough choice your going to have to make you will most likely end up making the right choice.

Not asking for advice before leaping onto a solution can make you regret it later on. Now say if you were shopping at a local convenience store and one day you saw a bunch of money on the floor, you have no idea where it came from but still decided to take some money. Then the next day you think of all the bad outcomes that can happen all because of the money you decided to take secretly, what you could have done to make a better choice was to ask multiple people or at least someone else. Because that way the person could have told you to ask the cashier at the store if they knew someone reported that they lost their money or to just leave it their and maybe the owner of the money could comeback and take back their money. But that still can leave you with a feeling of regret, so what you can do next time is ask someone to give you advice before making an action so you don't end up with a feeling of regret.