With new technological advances everyday, it is no suprise that there will eventually be driverless cars out on the road. But technology is supposed to get the task at hand done more efficiently, and safer. And weighing the pros and cons of a driverless car, the cons win. With a driverless car, the driver would still have to pay attention to the road, creates conflict when a crash arouses (who is to blame, the driver or the car?) and the law doesn't agree with it either.

Driving is a skill that requires full attention to the road. Even with cars coming out with new assistant features, no car has yet to be fully driverless, as mentioned in paragraph 7. Even with actions such as steering, accelerating, and braking, the driver still must pay attenion to the road and would have to be notified by the car if a situation occured, also mentioned in paragraph 7.

It is rare that it is the manufacturers fault for when a car is involved in an accident. But this could change if driverless cars start appearing on roads.

Who would be to blame if the car were to wreck, the previously assured driver who believed their car was funtioning properly, or the car that promised to alert the driver if a problem were to arise? This idea is brought up in paragraph 9.

Lastly, driver laws are in place for the safety of the people and it is believed that it is best achieved with alert drivers. Many states have made it illegal to even test these driverless cars, according to paragraph 9. These illegal laws could change in the future, however, if driverless cars prove to meet safety standards maybe as that of a regular car.

Manufacturers are constantly trying to improve the quality and advances of their cars, but the question is are they taking a step in the right direction with driverless cars? As mentioned earlier, drivers would still have to be alert while driving these supposedly "driverless" cars, they would have to worry about whether it was their fault or the cars fault for an accident, and lawmakers would have to determine if these cars are safe enough to be driven on public roads. WIthout a doubt there will be driverless cars in the twenty-first century, but hopefully by that time, the pros will outweigh the cons. 