In today's society, things are growing and changing at a rapid rate. There are new technological advances and new ideas and innovations that come into this world everyday. One particular subject that comes in mind is the idea of online courses. These courses are mainly for people who do not have easier access or any type of transportation to school which can lead to be very useful. People love this idea and innovation of school and think students could genuinely benefit from this. Undoubtedly, there are a lot of flaws to this, the one major problem that stands out the most is it could cause students to take advantage of these online courses and cheat by using another browser to look up their answer's and could lead to long-term consequences. Through these observations, students would not be able to benefit from online courses because students are more likely to cheat, they can gain an in-person experience with teachers, and students can build positive relationships at school.

Although taking classes from home can be easier to access, students should have more of a in-person experience with teachers to show that they care and help students better understand the questions they have. For instance, I have gone to school from a laptop and in person and having the teachers there in person is a very different experience to have than from learning off of a laptop. Because not only does it show that the teachers care, but it makes the students feel like they are really engaged in the activity and makes it more fun to learn. Teachers set the rule for students and sometimes show them the difference between right and wrong. They also sometimes have students engage in fun activities as for another way to learn. Instead of being taught through a screen, people that have teachers in person help students understand what they are trying to learn and can engage in one-on-one conversations in person.

Even though students can learn from home and not go out anywhere, students need to build positive relationships with others. Friends are an ideal part of everyone's lives and online course do not provide that, but schools do. My friend, who i just recently met and has been home schooled his whole life until his senior year, found it hard to have friends because he did not know anybody. He is a shy person and does not like interacting with any out-going activities because he did not know how to engage with other people. Because of this, people who go to public schools at a young age are more likely to make friends there and have even more friends the more they grow up and as they enter high school. All in all, online courses do not provide people like friends that are a key part of our lives and help us build our character and self-esteem about each other.

A major problem about online courses is that students are more likely to cheat on them and use different web browsers to get the answers they need. Unlike online courses, teachers can observe students during their classwork and exam to see if they are cheating or not. For example, a teacher can watch you in person and closely, but the teacher through the screen can only see what you show and not your full body as in person. This shows that cheating could be a major key flaw to online courses and shows that it does not very well help a student learn or understand in any way possible. In fact, it does the opposite of that. Undoubtedly, online courses are subject to very likely cheating and does not prepare students for any type of further learning after high school.

In conclusion, online course do not benefit students because gaining an in-person experience with teachers can help a student learn better from their mistakes on certain types of questions. They also do not benefit students by having more of a likely chance to cheat during exams online. Because of this, this does not prepare students for further growth of knowledge if they want to continue to do school after high school. The final reason students do not benefit from online courses is that students need friends in person because that is what makes them have a good childhood and become a better person based of off their opinions. To conclude, online courses are not a way to help students at all during this day and age. It has too many flaws that can not be fixed unfortunately. A lot of things are growing in this society, but this should not grow any further.