Driverless cars are they really a good idea or just an accident waiting to happen? Some people may believe in the driverless car, but others like me see the true danger it brings to the table. These people who are so ready for the future to be here have forgot to look at the possiblities that come along with it. The idea of such a car is not a bad idea it just needs to be more thought out and processed.

There are many reasons i believe we should wait to produce such a car, but one of the most concerning is legal reasons. The text states a question that needs to be answered before an accident happens. The question I am refuring to is, " If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault - the driver or the manufacturer?" This question alone will cause so many problems if it is not solved before the release of the car.

Another concer I have for the car is its safety features. An example of one of my concerns is weather or not the car will be able to tell when school hours are active or when work zones are near by. The text states, "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." This example makes one flaw with the designe of the car, and thats the fact that what if the car doesn't get the update that the danger zone is near and never alerts the driver. Many computers day by day fail to work properly, so who is to say that our self diving cars will not fail as well to do their jobs.

If our cars dive and control themselves what will keep the man behind the wheel alert or even awake. This could cause health risks to anyone who happens to be driving near a unmaned car. I agree with the states that do not allow the testing of the cars in their respected areas. While states such as California, Nevada, and Florida all allow the cars to be tested. These states are putting their people at risk just so they can find all the flaws of the car. Most people will agree when I say that is it really worth the risk of a human life just for a car that can drive itself but not really control itself.

All of these risks that I have listed are all for what reward. A car that can drive itself does not have the human capablitiy to keep is passengers safe. All of what I have said is to prevent the lose of a life or even just a law suit. I feel that all my concers raise some major red flags that should be covered before the risk of a life or someone's property. 