Do you believe that your child should grow and learn with skills that are needed for everyday life? Attending school is very beneficial, and can prepare you for the working environment that you will have to face in the future. Some may say that online classes can be convenient for a student who has a busy work schedule because they can attend classes on their own time, and won't have to spend most of the hours that are in a day to go to the actual school. I believe that students would not benefit from attending online classes because they wouldn't build social interaction skills, they wouldn't know how to function in a work environment, and they wouldn't have the work motivation to complete their assignments.

An important reason that causes online classes to be unbeneficial is the inability to create social interaction skills. When students attend school, they have to communicate with other students and teachers. Therefore, students learn how to correctly interact with others, and build good relationships. However if a student is taking classes online, they wouldn't be obligated to actually communicate with peers in person. Having the ability to talk to others is a very important skill for their working careers in the future. During a career you will be forced to interact with many people such as, co-workers, costumers, and clients. Therefore, attending school is a great way to obtain those skills by talking to other students and their teachers. Furthermore, It is also a great way to build friendships with kids their age. Having friends can change the overall experience to a childhood because it can lead to a life necessity called "fun". Life wouldn't be the same if I didn't have people that I could call my friend because learning can be more interesting if you're experiencing it with people you know and trust. Lastly when a student can build relationships with their teachers, not only does it give you an easier learning environment, but it also provides an adult that you can ask questions or talk to. I have good relationships with many of my teachers, therefore allowing me to have a great experience in school. I am able to go to them if I ever need something or if I'm confused about a certain topic. Relationships with teachers can also "make or break" your experiences in your classes. When you look up to your teacher, it's more likely for you to want to learn what they are teaching because you have respect for them. Overall, having social interaction skills is very important for a good learning experience, and for everyday life in the future.

Another life necessity that a student would not obtain by taking online classes is being able to function in a work environment. Many jobs and careers require you to work under a schedule. This being said, if you are used to working at your own pace and on your own time, you will not be prepared to be in the working environment. Unfortunately, this can lead to the loss of your job and other opportunities because you can be considered unreliable. Furthermore if a student is used to working in a quiet area in their home, they can be at risk of not knowing how to handle busy and loud work environments. This can restrain them from being able to complete any of their work, therefore making them insufficient. When a place of business gets extremely busy, a lot of stress can be put on the employees. Attending school allows a person to be introduced to those types of conditions at an early stage, therefore making you more prepared for them than students who take online classes. Online classes do not prepare you for the real world, which can lead to a rude awakening in the future.

Lastly, a lack of work motivation is another important reason to online classes being unbeneficial compared to going to a school. Students can find it hard to get the motivation to complete their assignments. With the flexibility of online classes, students can start getting the idea of pushing school work aside to focus on other things. Unfortunately this mentality can get extremely out of hand, for their grades can start to suffer and their work load can pile up. Many students experience this chain reaction, therefore causing a lot of stress that can lead them to giving up. Having the access to attending a school decreases the ability to start this chain reaction because facing a teacher due to you not completing your work can be intimidating. Furthermore, going to your classes in person also gives you more work motivation because most of time you don't have the option to sit around and do nothing. Your teachers encourage you to "use your time wisely" when you are given the opportunity to complete your assignments during class, therefore giving students the extra push to actually do their work. When students are able to work on their own schedule due to taking online classes, it opens the opportunity to be lazy and not complete school work. This leads to students drowning in work because of their lack of work motivation.

I think that students would not benefit from attending classes from home because they wouldn't learn the ability to interact with people, they wouldn't do well in a work environment, and they wouldn't have the motivation to complete their work. Students who take online classes are isolated, therefore they are at larger risk to having rough experiences in the future due to not being prepared for the real world. They will not have the skills needed for everyday life, which can lead them to failure. However, attending an actual school gives you these life skills, therefore giving you a better chance of being successful in the career of your choice. You are also given the opportunity to making friends who can last a lifetime, and building relationships with teachers who can guide you in the right direction to being successful in life as well.