Talking with more than one person can make decisions have a more clear best choice. Seeking advice from multiple people allows for learning from others' experiences, more inclusive actions, and different perspectives on issues. These all help a person make the best decision, and lead to the most prosperity.

It can be difficult to work through tough decisions on your own, so asking others who have gone through similar circumstances can help cause a better outcome. When I was deciding whether I should apply to Awesome Math Summer Program, a prestigious math overnight camp at Cornell University, I was debating if this would be a worthwhile experience for me. It would have been the first ever time I stayed away from home by myself, and I was nervous I wouldn't make any friends. The camp was also highly priced, and I didn't want to put financial burden on my parents, who were already paying for my brother's expensive private college. However, Awesome Math Summer Program is known for the classes it offers, all of which would greatly benefit me as a competitive math student. Many of the courses there were perfect for my math level, and would provide a challenge I wasn't getting in normal school math. Many of my friends said it was a great experience, but I didn't know if they were providing me the whole truth on what the camp was like. I was very conflicted on what my plan of action should be, so I turned to another person who I knew had past experience and could guide me through my decision making. My brother had already attended Awesome Math Summer Program a few years back, and he said although it wasn't suited for his style of learning, it would be a great fit for me. The lessons were more problem solving based, which was my favorite type of class. His knowledge of the program allowed me to make the best decision regarding my application to Awesome Math Summer Program, which in the end I did apply and get accepted to. My brother's advice from his own personal experiences gave me a look into a camp I wouldn't have had otherwise, and allowed me to have one of the best summers of my life. His and others' advice played a large role in me attending this program, and also have made me more including of others.

One of the biggest flaws I have is that it is extremely difficult for me to focus on what others need over my own needs. It can be hard to know how to include everyone so they benefit from my actions, as well as make sure no one is being left out. However, I find I am more inclusive when I know what multiple individuals need to succeed. In sixth grade, I was student council president of my school, and one of the topics many students wanted me to address was on bullying. I didn't know how exactly I could help students going through this horrible ordeal, because many victims of bullying don't like to stand up for fear of more shame. When I consulted with teachers, students, and my parents, they all had an overarching idea of focusing on kindness and the prevention of bullying, instead of bullying itself. This was something I never thought of before and never would have been able to think of, but with the aid of many others, I was able to form a new idea for approaching bullying in my school. I established a wristband kindness program, where wristbands were given out to students who were seen doing kind acts, such as helping another student without being asked or holding the door open at recess. When those students saw another student doing a thoughtful deed, they would pass on the bracelet and continue the spread of kindness. This motivated many young children to become more generous and understanding, a trait that will take them far in life. This idea wouldn't have even have been possible if it weren't for all the kids and teachers that helped me decide what I should focus on as student council president, as well as giving me the ideas for the project. I was able to develop a more inclusive program from multiple opinions, which also helps provide different viewpoints in conflicts.

The judicial branch has the complicated job of making some of the most difficult decisions in our country. During the Supreme Court case of Hazelwood v. Kuhlmeir, the justices had to decide if school officials could censor the school newspaper, or if this was violation of First Amendment Rights. They worked together to deliberate the most Constitutionally fair outcome, and formed the majority opinion based off of what most justices thought was the best ruling. Each justice was able to provide their own perspective on the issue, which is especially important for court cases since everyone has different ideas on what is fair. In the end, they ruled the First Amendment did not prohibit schools from censoring the school newspaper. They were able to reach this ruling from countless hours spent in debate of the conflict, and make a fair decision based off of everyone's unique perspective. The opinions from multiple individuals help make the most just decision in a court case, as well as help decision making in real life.

Most decisions do not require much in-depth analyzing, but there are some can be very hard and draining to make. No matter how exhausting this can be though, there are always methods to make decision making more bearbale. One way to make this easier is to seek the advice of more than one person, as this can lead to the best choice. Others who have already been through what you are going to can give helpful advice, as well as make more inclusive decisions and give a different view on issues. From this, a person can take the best and most fair actions to help them succeed.