Should America really go out without the common everyday use of cars as transportation? Just think; which is more convenient? For some people, walking may do it... but there would be much difficulty without the utilization of cars during this modern era.

In

German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars by Elisabeth Rosenthal, it is claimed that in VAUBAN, Germany, residents have given up their use of cars.

"All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have no change," said David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America.

Cars are, without a doubt the fastest means of transportation from street-to-highway; and very convenient in more ways than one. Sure, it may be alright to walk whenever you may feel to, but how will you be able to get to work faster if your job is many miles away? It surely will tire you out by then.

In

Paris Bans Driving Due to Smog, forces have banned cars from common usage and ordered the residents to leave their cars at home or suffer a $31 fine.

"Almost 4,000 drivers were fined, according to Reuters."

This lets me know that many people disagree with the idea of not being able to have their own cars within their reach. In certain weather conditions, such as the cold, harsh winter, just the thought of traveling on a bicycle or walking does not do any good for us! And in the summer when the humidity conditions are so high and hot, we would be too exhausted to move a muscle and refuse to walk any more than what is the seven-eleven down the block from us. In addition, you can carry many personal belongings in the comfort of your car -- which is much simpler than having to stand on your legs or tire them out from excessive bicycle-riding, along with having to deal with five bags of groceries filling your hands. When convenience comes to us, it's a good idea not to reject that opportunity.

In

The End of Car Culture

(also by Elisabeth Rosenthal) it is discussed that President Obama agrees with the abomination of car transportation. The opposing argument may say,

"

Observations show that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009..."

But I can certainly disagree and state that not only is transpotation through cars a great way to get around, but it's also entertaining. In the car, you can listen to the radio, whether its news or listening to music on the way back home from work, (which is sometimes stressful.) Atleast you know you'll be sitting in your car comfortably, while listening to music. Also, traffic jams may be problematic; but for some people, the overpopulation of many people being crammed up into your personal space in the outside air may be a real pain. Even excessive crowdedness that occurs on the bus may very well be a daily struggle for people who dislike crowds.

Cars will only continue to grow in a positive way in the future, and I believe that is something our past has brought to us, and only for the good of it. So why not use it? Driving is better than walking/bike riding. We shouldn't be working our way backward, but looking to our future, and that calls for the better and more advanced technology that the people have brought to us, that our nation shall continue only to improve--and cars would be one of them.    