Dear Mr. Senator,

Freedom to vote for authority figures in America had been an ideal image of government all across the world. However, is our priviledge to vote really honest and are the results of elections really in our hands like we think they are? The Electoral College System undoubtedly should be abolished because Americans have the right to have full control over who is elected President and, although some may believe that Electoral Colleges avoid the occurance of a run-off election, run-off elections may be avoided with much more reasonable methods.

Clearly, election should be determined by popular vote, and not the Electoral College because Americans earned their right to have full control over the representatives in their government. According to Source 2, "state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and... those electors could always defy the will of the people." The defenders could be completely indifferent about the voters choices, or situations where swing states are borderline one party or another, and the Electoral College allows a limited selelction of people to make the final decision of millions (Source 1). The ballots that we vote in don't even effect the results of the election. It is as if these elections are trying to illude citizens from the fact that the only votes that contribute to the adoption of a new president are the electoral votes. Why bother letting us vote for a president, if only the defenders get to make the decisions?

Unquestionably, the Electoral College is not a sound system for presidential election in the United States. In Source 3, Posner states that when there is an unclear plurality in the results of an election, the Electoral College makes it much simpler and more efficient by reducing the number of voters, eliminating the inconvenience factor. This statement appears as a faulty reasoning to have an Electoral College because it is obsurd to remove Americans' right to vote. Maybe, rather than restricting our rights, the result of a run-off election could be resolved by an Electoral College, but the initial vote should be made only by the citizens, fairly. Depending on the defenders to make the final decision of the leaders of our great country is an overly-cautious effort to avoid a tie, which could be easily resolved.

You cannot deny, changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States would be extremely beneficial for our country. Citizens would regain their Constitutional-right to vote for the leaders who make major decisions for the entire country. The Electoral College is useful to produce a clear winner in elections, but is evidently not completely necessary and is unfair to voters who want and deserve a say in the outcome(Plumer 13, 14). Abolishing this system would cause for a drastically more fair election and greater citizen satisfaction for multitudinous reasons. Please consider. Thank you.

Sincerely,

John Doe    