Reasons why you should ask for advice are so you dont make anyone mad, Get the job thats good and fits you well and so it dousnt knock you down and ruin your life. You don't want to mess up you future so ask for help and choose wisely. Never do something so suddenly without thinking because you might hurt yourself physically or mentally or other always think beofre acting.

People should ask for multiple opinions because often their sudden choices could come back to haunt them later in life. For example someone could decide to get a tattoo but they didnt ask people how it could effect them or if it was a good idea or not, then later they cant get the job they want. Later in life they might regret it or start disliking the tattoo or the decision that they made that they didnt get multiple opinions on. Because as you get older your mind set will change and the people around you will change, not everyone thinks the same though, some people might think an idea is good but a couple think its bad. If it is the idea is health hazardous then it could come back and might make you have health problems and maybe even die earlier. So the point is to always ask for advice so it doesnt come back later to ruin your life.

Not getting multiple opinions could make your family mad at you for not asking them and getting their opinion on why they think its good or bad. They might hate what the idea was and since they were not asked or told about it they feel betrayed. But if you asked for advice or help they might help you make a better decision for yourself. Everyone wants to make the right decision but if you need a little help sometimes ask someone who already does the thing you want to do, or ask your family what would be best for yourself. If you dont ask you could make the wrong decision and and end up needing your family for help later and living with your parents. So you never want it to fail that bad so if your hesitating to do something ask someone should i do this and why? Always ask people for advice and help because if you dont it could ruin your life.

Another reason you should ask for advice to make a better decision is so you can get more informed on the topic. People that have done the job before can teach you and tell you tips and tricks, That is good because you might be good and some of the things youll have to do. Knowing the job is everything so if you can find out all the helpful tips you'll be good. They can also tell you what there favorite part of the job was and what they had to do a lot. That can be helpful because if you love working outside and on the job for example you have to work outside a lot maybe you should consider it. They can also tell u what they had to do a lot that they hated that can help because if you hate something that you have to do for work you're not going to want to do it and maybe you should consider something else. Most people want to have a job they like not a job they like part of but most of the time hate their job. So you should always asked a experienced person that has done what you want to do and ask for there advice if you should apply for the job or not.

In all I think people should ask for advice and at least 3 people before making a decision so it doesn't come back to knock you down and slow life down for you, so no one will get mad over the decision your making and ask a professional before saying yes or no to see if the job will be good for you. Because we all want the best for eachother if someone does ask you for advice tell them what you think and how you feel because later you might need to ask them for advice. That is why you should always ask for more then 1 person for advice and ask for advice or help in general.