In 'The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author gives suggestions as to why studying Venus is a worthy persuit because of the little details as to how Venus carries a great amount as to how scientists can study to bring actual life to that planet. However, along it comes some safety hazards like extreme temperatures and high gasses in the atmosphere. I can see as to why might Venus be so similar to Earth. Venus is "often referred to as Earth's "twin" Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." If having a planet that similar to a living planet why wouldn't we do everything in our power to make a planet that is very much the same as ours. Science has been evolving a lot over the years and I'm pretty sure that with all the technology and theories scientist have came up with them being able to have a study to plan out how to bring life to Venus would probably work at and greater and more things coulud also come along with it.

The author does a good job of these statements because they give some examples to both sides as to why or why not there should be a study on life on Venus. The author seem to have thrown in a few claims to create an arguement for both sides if its a good idea or not. I have two exampes as to why sending Scientist off in to space would be a bad idea. " no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." Having that said if we send them off into Venus it would be a problem because they would'n't have any time to experiment and do research up there since theres been problems with the spaceship not being able to survive. "the planets surface, tmeperatures aveerage over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmosphere pressure is 90 times greater than waht we experience on our own planet." The material they use would have to be the problem as to why the spaceship doesnt seem to last long.

On the other hand I also agree on having this study happen and here's why. There's research on from the past that from long ago "Venus was probably coverd largely with oceans and could have supported various froms of life, just like Earth." There's other features that Venus similar to earth. "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel."

In addition, NASA has came up with an idea on how to send the scientists that are willing to study for life on Venus. "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray."

In conclusion these were my claims as to how the author stated that the study of life on Venus should or should not happen.       