In life, we are expected to learn. We learn how the world works, how to do things, and learn from the mistakes we make along the way. Now, it is only fair to say that everyone has a different and unique way of learning, whether it be through hands on activities, trial and error, or just being told what to do. The demand for these needs is high due to the rising population in public schools, and not every student's needs can be met at all times. Some of the students may struggle based on how the curriculum is taught in one class, and excel in another one taught differently. It all depends on how each student receives information the best. Certain educational centers provide distance learning, which provides students with the opportunity to complete their studies and courses online. The courses offer students the chance to have video conferences, independent learning, and many more things that are made for the single purpose of ensuring education. As technology advances, this programming should be required for school systems to partake in and offer to their students who would like to take their education by the horns and steer it in the right direction.

Throughout the school day, everyone has that one class they absolutely hate. They walk into the room and it's like a minute turns from 60 to 1,000 seconds and they are stuck there forever. In this time, nothing gets done and the same amount gets learned. This class consists of about half who actually care about what the subject is, and the other half who can't seem to control themselves enough to not act out in spite of not caring. The half of the students who actually pay attention are stuck with a teacher who has to repeat themselves a thousand times a class period when they should be on another chapter by now. This not only frustrates the teacher and the students, but it creates negative air between the students and the teacher. I mean, who wouldn't hate a teacher that talks about the mitochondria a BILLION times a day? In this situation, some perks of distance learning are shown. The students who show passion to learn can be offered one-on-one time with the instructor through video conferencing, which will not only help the faster paced learners, but take away some of the tension in the classroom. Time with a teacher face to face on your own creates comfort and trust built into the instructor-student relationship, promoting better learning.

One of the morals that childhood has taught us is that "slow and steady always wins the race". This moral is not only unethical, but it shows how unaware we really are. Everyone works at their own pace; some faster and some slower. It's not that the slower paced students are unintelligent or not as bright as the others, it's just their way of producing whatever work they are learning. Through distance learning, students don't have to feel pressured to work as fast as other peers and can learn on their own time. It also gives students a sense of responsibility and makes them come to terms with reality in a way. This way, they don't have someone constantly spoon-feeding them deadlines and due dates, but they have to remember them on their own. Learning how to budget time is a very important skill that is taught this way, and it is helpful preparation for college.

Some people have a rougher time in college than others and are scared to commit due to outside sources. Say you are a 20 year old woman in her sophomore year of college, working a tiring job on the night shift, and struggling to pay rent due to classes. You manage to slide by in your courses, trying to get the best out of your work, but you can't help but be late to most classes due to oversleep and exhaustion. Luckily, there are specific colleges that provide classes that can be scheduled around your late nights, and shifts. These colleges are technology-based and provide classes for whenever you need to or are able to come in. They respect your employment, and encourage your scheduling as long as you turn in work on time, meet deadlines, and come in to a class period whenever you can. This system of distanced learning provides people a head start on life and their career all at once.

It is true to say that most of us would prefer a quiet and independent environment over a loud and busy one any day. Loud noise and stimulation do not mix, in fact, it only causes more distraction. Though this may be, some kids do prefer social learning environments rather than the quiet. These learning environments surround students by other peers and encourage debates, understandings, and protests. The benefits may seem negative, but in these events students start to bounce ideas off of each other and grow in thought processing. Students will attract those who agree with their views and form bonds, creating comfort in the classroom for them. It is easy to feel alone when you don't understand a topic, but it can be valuable to have that other person there in the class who doesn't quite get the same problem you don't. You can collaborate, put together what you both know, and come up with a solution. this not only provides for better learning, but provides children with the social skills they will need for life.

The goal of distance learning is solely to bring out the best learning capability of students. It is provided so that students of different learning paces can have different method options as to which best fits their area of learning. There is something for everyone, whether it be independent teachings, one-on-one time with teachers, or staying in the classroom. Everyone should have the opportunity to test out distance learning and see whether it is the optimal choice for them or not. We all learn at different paces, but it is important to let ourselves grow on different paths than we thought we would. 