Every 4 years, the first Tuesday in November. When its time for it, president elections is one of the most hectic times of the year. But what should the winner depend on? Electoral College should be removed by the government and just have popular vote be responisble. Electoral College can have electors go on the opposite canidates side so they lost a vote, which is just wrong. This argumentative essay will argue why Electoral  College should be taken out by government.

One may say that Electoral College is the best system for voting, but then again that may just be the cheaters. Electoral College believers think that having electors go on either side to let one canidate win, is right. "Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote.."(Posner). So these Electoral College followers agree with the electors actually selecting the winner because they don't have to do anything. People can just sit back and watch the electors take the power, while the others do nothing but be slumps. In source one, the Office of the Federal Register mention that "when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors.", which means that if voters have friends in the position of an elector, voters might just vote for the elector because theres nothing else to really pay attention to.

Even though there are people who support the Electoral College, there are many people who are against it. In source three, Posner states "it is the electors who elect the president, not the people."If one has gone through an election, theres a long process and hassle of being able to vote, but if people go through the craziness to vote, why not make the vote count?""Faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please."(Plumer, paragraph 11). Not only are voters wasting their time to vote but the electors cheat. For example, if one candidate has the urge to win, they will send one of their electors to be on the opponents side so the opponent loses a vote that they believed would be theres. Electoral College also may not be fair to those in a small state. "a large state gets more attention from presidential canidates in a campaign than a small state does...", as said by Posner. Its not fair that even the people who vote from a small state, won't really get recognized because there are bigger states to overrule, and even then, the electors will still choose who they desire. Electoral College is an unfair, and a cheating way to vote.

To conclude the argument, Electoral College should forsure be removed. Citizens favor popular vote over an electors vote. Candidates and voters enter a whole different threshold to express their political preferance. Why should the government even have voting if there really not truly being seen in the correct way. Citizens want to take a stand and vote in what the mind believes in. Take out Electoral College, and let the voters vote, actually count.    