I think that fellow citizens should have the advantages to car usage, because not everyone would feel comfortable ridding around in a bus or a train with lots of other people . But then again you have some conflicts with the environment getting all ugly and nasty . Some people are different from others not everyone will want to go the same way meaning . They rather have their own privacy and not be on a bus or a train full of random people that might be sick with a flu or smell really nasty. Thats why 80 percent of transportation has been thruogh highways an only 20 percent to other transportation . Most of the people who intend to use train or buses don't have the right amount of money to purchase a brand new car or even a used one . The cause of that is Taxes or IRS are taking to much from the people who work to hard an theres nothing that can be done too that.

This is what I don't get about how things are being done to try an save our planet called earth . If you want to try an save some thing an make it better. Don't make a expensive invention an expect people to by it like for examlpe the hybrids or plug-in cars. People can't afford many things in life because money comes an goes without out you evening knowing it . So why try to start something new when its only making more of a mess that inventers are cuasing.

The way Bogota is going is the best idea that I've ever heard of they couldn't of nailed it any better . They stopped a capital city of 7 millon people from using their cars . An look at the good effects it did, new restaurants where opened an upscale shopping district haved cropped up .  The pitted an uneven sidewalks have been fixed an replaced by new smooth sidwalks. Even parks and sports centers haved also bloomed throughout the city, which is good because parents have more time an money to get their kids more actived in to sports an going out to play.

The last passage explanes what I've been saying less people are buying cars why invent new things . People are going unemployedment an things aren't going to get any better for our country . The governments are asking for to much plus you have taxes an the IRS right behind them waiting to grab your money that you worked hard for . Another thing that I don't get is why the President of the untied states can help other countries but yet can't even of seem to help his own country who is lossing more money as days go by . Whats going on up their in the white house we the people slecet you the president to run our country not others an help benfit us.                                                                                                                                       