The other day I asked my mother for advice about boys. I think that I am coming-of-age, and I want to know how to get a guy's attention. I asked my mother, "How can I get guys to notice me?" My mother looked at me puzzled for a few minutes. Later, she responds with, "Honey, all you have to do is flirt!" Little did she know, flirting was not in my vocabulary. Soon after, my sister comes into the room, from eavesdropping, and says, "That's not true, mom! You need to listen to me, sister. All you have to do is be yourself. If a guy doesn't like you for who you are, then they aren't worth your time." All of a sudden my grandma, who hasn't been out on a date for a while, says, "Darling, don't listen to them. What you have to do is act dumb. Guys will be chasing your tail if you do that." Everyone started to bicker back and forth for a while. After gathering all of the advice I got, I started thinking,

"I know what to do!"

Personally, I think getting advice from more than one person has better outcomes. I think it's because with multiple opinions you have more options to choose from, someone may have trouble answering your question, and you may end up finding someone who has more knowledge about your question.

One reason people should seek for advice from more than one person is you have more options to choose from. When I asked my mom for advice, she gave me an answer I wasn't quite comfortable doing. Also, if it wasn't my sister and grandma, I would have been stuck flirting, which is uncomfortable for me. At the end of the day, I had a lot of opinions from different people, and it was my choice to choose the one I feel is better for me. If you don't feel comfortable with an answer, then ask someone else. Doing so, you may be able to get a different outcome. Also, the person you originally asked may have trouble giving you the right answer.

Another reason is the person you originally asked may have trouble giving you the right answer. When I asked my mom for help, she looked at me with a confused face and paused for a long time. I think it was because she never thought of me asking that question before. As a result, she couldn't think of an answer on the spot. She still gave me good advice, but it did seem as if she had trouble answering me. If you ever have someone who can't give you an answer easily, the best choice is to ask someone else. They may have the abilities to give you a well thought out answer. Lastly, another person may have more knowledge about the subject, so they may be able to help you more efficiently.

The last reason is someone may have more experience with the subject you are wanting help with. For example, my sister is in college, and she is taking a social development class. Believe it or not, she learned about the difficulties of confrontation with the opposite gender. In that class, she learned about what not to do when you are talking to a male or female. Which means she knows a lot more about my question then my grandma. My grandma hasn't been out on a date in forty-five years. As a result, she isn't the best person to give advice about talking to boys. In the end, if you want a good answer to a question you have, you should go to multiple people who can help you.

In conclusion, getting advice from more than one person has its rewards. My reasoning is because you have more options to choose from, one person may trouble answering your question, and another person may have more knowledge about your question. Ask someone who has more experience with what you want to know. Also, go to someone you trust, and someone who will give you factual information. "The right people will be with you to help you answer all of your questions." ~Unknown