Do you think students should work on assignments from school at home?

In this prompt

I will argue about how students can study from long distance, not all schools approve the current subject. If students were to study from home it would be difficult for them to understand what the assignment that is being asked to complete at certain time. The students should be able to afford a device which is necessary to study any subject. Attending classes from home can cause for students to be able to work more and do their assignments on time.

Schools will not exist if students leave to study home which will make it hard for them to communicate with teachers when help is needed. Students would not meet each other or talk physically which would be awkward, can cause them to not trust each other if it comes to a project that needs to be done. Physical education would not be a class since everything would be on devices which is a conflict, which is needed to graduate. In many short word students will be gaining so much weight that they'll not be able to do certain sports they want or walk to their destination.

Typing online or video conferencing is not easy if the person on camera is shy and doesn't like video conferencing which can be very often. Accessing to both subjects can not be trusted if the school will be monitoring every movement you take on your device. Testing online can be easy to cheat if the teacher is not around walking and watching what your doing. Students might not know many things but cheating and being sneaky are the two most known words we understand very well.

In other words there are advantages to studying online, disadvantages online and it would be a big disappointment for students to fail almost every class that needs to be taken for graduation. If they have a job they will consider work their first priority instead of school. Student's would not receive a scholar ship or diploma so that they can go to college and accomplishing the goal of having a better job.

Some people say that school is very important for students, that they'll earn more money than their parents who probably dont have a well paid job and education. But I think it can benefit sometimes it can be a amazing idea for students to study home because they won't drop out of school. Students have different emotions that trigger them to want to leave school behind, since they start working more to pay bills that need to be paid each month.

All students should go to school to focus on what they want to be in life or do. Physical experience is not the same as typing online or video conference. Knowing that student's can succeed in different ways is not bad even so they will be expected to have any sort of education someday in the future. School is providing knowledge for those who pay attention to school and more. Believing you can do what you always dreamed of is a motivation that will help learn more about life and the way it works.     