January 24th, 2011

Dear Principal,

In my opinion, I strongly believe that cell phones should be turned off and put into people lockers during the school day other than allowing students to have their phones at lunchtime. In this generation, too many kids are using their cell phones in rule breaking, grade declining ways.

First off, if students are allowed to have their phones on at lunch, it would just encourage kids to take their phones into their class and text their friends while missing important information. We all know that this is already a big problem here. If the new rule is made, the no cell phone rule wont get any 'better'. In fact, the problem will just slowly get worse until texting in class gets out of hand. If cell phones are allowed in school just during lunch, it could be in one kid's mind thinking, "If its allowed at lunch, then the teacher wont be so strict on texting in class." Once one kid starts flipping out the cell phone in class, other people will catch on and turn on their mobile devices too. In a matter of months, it could lead to more detentions, more suspensions, and more angry parents. So think, what is the positive of having cell phones even at lunch?

Another reason why cell phones shouldn't even be allowed is the lingering question, "Why do kids need to text in school when their friends are there?" Sure, using your phone outside of school to contact your friend is reasonable. But If you have the same class with your buddy, you don't need to pop out your cell phone just to get the buzz on who's dating who. In other words, cant you talk to your friends at lunch time? That is the main reason why lunchtime was created in schools- to talk to your friends instead of using the alternative cell phone. Also, if cell phones weren't allowed in school and teachers really cracked down on the new rule, it would stop kids right in their tracks from attempting to get their cell phones out while they're learning about the Louisiana Purchase. Overall, this rule would set a great example for kids and teach them that cell phones are a distraction and lead you out of school. This would be a win-win situation.

In the end, cell phones are really meant for outside of school and immediate emergencies. At best, i recommend that students should have their cell phones off and in their locker during the school day.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME