Dear Principal,

I think everyone would agree that community service can get a little annoying. However, doing community service, whether you like it or not, makes everyone a better person. It's always nice to help someone out or make our community a better and nicer place to live in. Community service can be anything from picking up trash that you see lying around to visiting a nursing home just to brighten someone's day. I understand that not everybody has a lot of time on their hands with sports and all different types of activities, but sometimes missing out on things that might be fun to you is worth it in the end. For example, my Mom Mom is a clown. One time I went with her to the nursing home and I can not even tell you how good it felt to see those people smile. With my Mom Mom and I visiting I could just tell how much it meant to them. My Mom Mom would pop one of her corny jokes ... but the patients in the nursing home absolutely LOVED our company. I could tell just by the way they looked at us with a smile from ear to ear that we brightened up their day. I had to miss skating, a sport that i have been doing since I was two years old, to do this community service project, but let me tell you... it is DEFINATELY worthwhile.

The feeling you get when you see these people's faces are priceless. It's amazing how contagious a smile is. You can not get that feeling of accomplishment... or that feeling that you actually made someone's day that much better any other way other than performing community service. Yes, it sounds like a pain. I do not know any other way to say it other than to BELIEVE ME when i say that knowing that you helped our community in a positive way is one of the greatest things ever. The reason why I am writing to you today is to tell you that I truthfully believe that it should be a requirement for every student in our school to complete some sort of community service project. Whether it is walking a marathon to raise money, picking up trash lying around, visiting a nursing home, feeding the poor, donating food or clothes to a charity, or simply just making someone smile, community service is so easy to do and makes our society a much safer and nicer place. With all this being said, please take into consideration that community service does everyone good. Not only does it help our society but it also makes everyone a better person inside and out.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME