Driving while operating your phone can end in a very horrific way and has for a number of young adults. The number one killer of young adults is motor vehicle crashes. This is a major issue in the United States and it is shown because a law was made to prevent operating a phone and driving. For example, there are billboards everywhere saying no texting and driving and commercials saying the same. Texting and driving may seem tempting to do, but every year thousands of drivers and passengers are killed due to someone being on their phone and driving. It only takes a couple of seconds for you to take your eyes off the road and someone can swerve in your lane or you swerve in someone else's lane and didn't notice because you are texting someone back or looking at a notification. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while driving because in a matter of seconds you, your family or someone else's life could be put in danger or worse, taken away.

First, ask yourself if the text or notification you received is more important than your life or than the people on the road with you. If not, put down the phone and wait until you are at a light or until you get to your destination. No notifications are worth someone's life or yours. You can look at the news or on the internet and see just how many young adults' lives are cut short because they wanted to text someone back or make a snap, all of that can wait. Seeing the statistics, the death rates, even some people's friends dead because they couldn't wait to text someone back or make a snap. Just because you got away with it once doesn't mean you should keep trying to do it because all it takes is a couple seconds and then you or someone else is hurt or dead.

Secondly, "In 2018 according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, distracted driving was involved in 2,841 motor vehicle crash fatalities. Among those killed: 1,730 drivers, 605 passengers, 400 pedestrians and 77 bicyclists." All these deaths could have been avoided if the person could have just waited until they stopped or until they got to their destination. Your parents tell you to text or call before you start driving for a reason so they won't lose their child or see their child hurt. "Cell phone use behind the wheel reduces the amount of brain activity associated with driving by 37 percent." So this shows that texting can make you forget important things you are supposed to do before or while driving.

Lastly, "Typing text messages reduces a driver's ability to adequately direct attention to the roadway, to respond to important traffic events, and to control a vehicle within a lane and with respect to other vehicles." This shows that the couple of seconds you take to text or look at your phone can take away the attention you are required to have on the road to ensure safety. Texting while driving could make you miss that there is construction going on, someone is walking, or etc. Parents should not call while their children are driving, they should call before or after they arrive at their destination. If their child is called he is going to look at their phone and some might answer, but all it could take is a look and boom the car goes into another lane or they hit someone or another car.

Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while driving because in a matter of seconds you, your family or someone else's life could be put in danger or worse, taken away. No notification is worth someone's life. You can easily take someone's life young or old by a simple text. Before you start driving, call and text everyone that needs to be called or texted and if they call or text wait until you stop or get to your destination.                      