Driverless cars is the way the automotive industry is heading, and will be here sooner than people think. Many big names that specialize in different aspects of technology are working on driverless cars. Some of the biggest are Google, BMW, and Tesla. People have long dreamed of driverless cars, and in the 1950s GM tried "smart roads" as a solution, but was soon disregarded because of the cost.

Almost all the successful driverless cars have been producted by big successful companies that are household names. Google is highly respected and is working on a driverless cars, and in total those cars have driven more than half a million miles. In those half a million miles not a single crash has happened. BMW is also helping solve problems with driverless cars by intoducing "Traffic Jam Assistant." This new technology requires the driver to have their hands on the wheel as the car drives itself in case the person is needed to take over. Also Toyota has helped set the templet for Google's smart car by producing the Toyota Prius.

The knowledge of how to design a smart car has been around for a long time, but the technology is just now letting us build our dream car. Improvments on technology and cheaper technology makes it easier to build a smart car. An example of technology that has under gone this transformation are all the different sensors in cars. This technology is also making cars safe like an antilock break.

People have long dreamed of driverless cars, and the human race is known for making dreams into realality. For a long time driverless cars have only been seen in television shows and movies, but now big name companies are working hard to solve the probelms that face smart cars to make it come true. This dream is nothing new, and was first tested in 1950s by GM.

Driverless cars are not to far away in the future and will help make our lives safer. With some of the best companies in the world investing time, money, and reseach on smart cars the only question is when. When it is a dream of not just a person, but millions that in it's self is enough drive. 