Imagine yourself in a stressful situation causing you to be confused and frustrated because you cannot form a legitimate solution. In this situation your problem may be dire, but the usage of advice from others can help you. Through everyday life, we are constantly finding ourselves in troubling circumstances. Gaining advice from multiple sources is a powerful way to combat our problems. Often, it is advice and guidance from others that provides us with the strength and expertise needed to resolve conflict. Support from friends or family and assertive words can be just what we need when dealing with a problem. Asking multiple sources for advice can influence you to make better decisions because you learn different perspectives, gain knowledge from others who have dealt with similar circumstances, and realize the multiple ways to solve the problem.

It is helpful to seek advice from many sources because you can realize the many different perspectives of your situation. When seeking advice from others, we likely already have a favored position on the topic. Sometimes, we search for reassurance and not advice. However, questioning others about our situations is better for the outcome of the experience because it brings us new perspectives. Perspective can be key to finding the solution to a problem because it allows one to look at the problem as a whole, and not just from a biased position. When blinded by a biased perspective, we force ourselves to ignore different outlooks on the situation. It is when we remove that toxic blindfold that we realize whether we are truly in the wrong or what is the true source of the conflict. Having different perspectives will only provide you with a more sincere and graceful approach to dealing with a problem.

Questioning others about ways to resolve your problems is helpful because it provides you with input from people have dealt with similar circumstances. Specifically, it is more beneficial when you ask others who have dealt with similar experiences for help. When we do this, we find ourselves relating to others and taking their advice into greater consideration. Through this method, we gain knowledge on possible outcomes for our conflict and how it can be resolved. While filtering our own bias with this new information, we can formulate possible solutions for ourselves. This is an intriguing way that we can all solve our problems because we can use the experiences of others to better our own. Using the lessons learned by others to prevent yourself from carrying the same misfortunes is a key way to avoid conflict. This strategy allows yourself to feel more comfortable about handling the problem because you know someone who has dealt with the same thing. No matter how complex a problem can be, empathy from another who can relate will make the situation better.

Asking other sources for their opinion also gives you the ability to interpret the situation in many different ways. It is inevitable that the more people you ask, the more likely you are to hear different opinions and opposing responses. This is a natural occurrence considering that as humans, we all have unique experiences that effect how we look at situations. Through asking others for possible solutions, we can find one that correlates best with how we feel. Sometimes it takes getting a large collection of advice from different sources to piece together a comfortable solution. We can carve away bits and pieces from that block of advice to sculpt our resolution. When seeking advice, we can act as detectives to collect the different fragments of advice and piece it together to form a conclusion.

As a result of us collectively having different experiences in life, we get to provide one another with new thoughts and ideas through giving advice. The process of seeking multiple opinions can provide you with a guaranteed and better outcome for handling a pressing conflict. You can also recognize the many ways one can look at the situation. As well as, recognize the results from of others when they went through the same occurrence, and the multiple ways you can resolve the situation. Having a myopic mind can be a true curse, and taking advice from others prohibits yourself from making consequential mistakes because of being blinded by bias. Talking to others who have dealt with the similar problem allows you to feel more comfortable in your situation, and gain some peace in being to relate to another. Having others provide with different ways they would resolve the situation allows you to consider the many options and pick the best one for your situation. Friends, family, associates and the others in your life all have access to the information you need to make the best decision for yourself. When dealing with conflict, it would be most beneficial to use their knowledge to prevent your problems from troubling you intensely.       