The electoral college is something that has been loved, hated, and debated on for some years now. We couold abolish it or keep it the way it is. Some say the electoral college is undemocratic and unfair to the voters and the candidates. But some say it is the best way to vote. I'ts seen both ways but is there anything we can do about it? Good or Bad.

The Electoral College is a compromise between election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The group of electors for your state are selected by the cnadidate"s political party. So when you vote for a specific candidate you are voting for the electors he is supported by.

So why do people want to aboplish the electoral college completely? Because there are some serious things wrong with it. "perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote" (Source 2, Paragraph 4). How can there be a tie in the election of the president? Perhaps because sometimes the electors get to thinking in another midset and vote for the wrong candidate...Yes that is poosible. When people vote for there candidate the electors are the ones being selected and aren't always the way they were in their chosing so therefore there can be a serious tip in votes if the electors don't vote for the candidate of the party they were selected by. "In 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a diect election" (Source 2, Paragrph 1). The people don't want the electoral college anymore, Who's to say they ever did?

But even know some don't want the electoral college there are some who prefer to keep it. "each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee, and that trust is rarely betrayed" (Source 3, Paragraph 2). So when the party selects their electors they are most likely to select the candidate of the party they were selected by. There is also regional appeal,if a president only has diserably mojority of vores in a certain region of the country he is "unlikely to be a succesful president"( Source 3, Paragraph 5) . This is because if a president is only desired by a certain region and not the rest of the country, the wants of the rest of the country aren't met and he most likely will not tend to the needs of them, and ultimately doesn't have a chance of being selected as president. Finally, when no candidate for president has a clear majority of votes, the electoral college's votes gove a clear winner and a candidate is selected.

Concluding, both sides have reasonable arguments to if the elctoral college will stay for good or be abolished completely. But it's up tp you to decide which side your own because this is a democracy.. Isn't it?                                    