Throughout time, there have been countless sci-fi films and movies of cars that could drive themselves. However, what may once have seemed like fiction is now becoming a reality. Many companies, like Google, General Motors, and BMW have been working on driverless-car technologies since as early as the late 1950's. Although there are many positive sides to these new technologies, many people fail to realize their potentials and feel as if they are dangerous. This, however, is where they are wrong. Driverless cars are a great idea in new technology because they save on feul and money, they provide people more opportunities, and they make driving safer.

Driverless cars can overall save us on an abundance of gas and money. As stated in the "Driverless Cars Are Coming" article, Google cofounder Sergey Brin believes that his idea of a driverless car public transport system would use half the feul as today's taxis. As our feul is a fossil feul, meaning one day it will run out, using as little of it as possible is much more than just a good thing. Also, using this idea of a driverless car public transport system would save us a lot of money. Not having to drive your own car and fill it up every week would save you quite a bit on gas money. Also, you would not have to pay for repairs or damages to your vehicle.

Driverless car's are not only more efficient and green, they also would provide many more opportunities for people all over the world. Most of the population of the Earth cannot afford the luxury of their own vehicle. Since they do not have their own means of transportation, it is much harder for them to get a job. Of course, in bigger cities, like Chicago or New York, there are taxis, subways, trains, and busses that provide people the means of transportation that they need. However, in smaller cities and poorer countries, there are not any means of public transportation. In my town, for instance, there are not any busses, trains, taxis, Uber Drivers, or Subways. The only way to get from place to place is by your own car, getting a ride from someone else, by bike, or by foot. If we had a driverless car transpotation system in places like this, many people would be provided with many more oppourtunities to be able to travel from place to place.

Lastly, Driverless Car's would prevent many accidents, therefor making driving safer for everyone. Technologies are being created in many types of cars that prevent accidents before they happen. For instance, many cars are now being made with breaks that stop themselves when they sense that the vehicle is in danger of hitting something/someone. Some other companies, like GM, have developed Driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing up into an object so that the driver can take control. Many "heads-up" displays like this one are being created to prevent tons of accidents and possible deaths and/or injuries related to driving.

Overall, driverless cars are a safe, efficient, and logical choice for the future of transportation. Driverless cars are a great idea in new technology because they save on feul and money, they provide people with more opportunities, and they make driving safer. With these new technologies, we are slowly making our world into a more efficient and safe place in which to live. 