In this passage the author talks about one of our plantes in the solar system named Venus. The author talks about earth like Venus is and reason why they cant go and reason why they can go and give differnt examples on how we could get that done. The author also talks about the natural stuff like valcanoes and earthquakes, and the conditions of Venus.

In paragraph one the author give us some little facts about Venus such has how we can see Venus from Earth itself and another name for Venus that many people may have never heard of"Evening Star".

In paragraph two the author talks about Venus is Earth's "twin" and missions to get to Venus. A spacecraft hasnt landed on Venus in 3 decades due to the harsh conditions. That is no excuse. The mission to land on Venus is a challenge at hand but it can be survived by humans. There were differnt ways they could approach Venus. The 1st way is to basically hotair ballon on Venus and the 2nd way is to just land. Its very challenging but can be done.

In paragraph 3 they talk about how Venus is earthlike. Some examples are that Venus has oceans, valcanoes, lighting strikes, earthquaks and much more.

In the next serval paragraphs the author talks about how and why they could get to Venus. SO they would use a spaceship to get there but would hotair ballon on the planet itself to stau away from everything. The only problem is there isnt technolgy good enough to render photos that are taken from the ground below. There fore if they really want smaples and all that thye have to get on the ground. Its survivable but the conditions are harsh and challenging.

The author then wraps up the story talking about how we strive to meet these challenges and where it can lead us. I feel like we should amd should be able to study Venus from a close range. I think the dangers can be overcomed with lots of training and simulations that are inspried by Venus's harsh condistions. I also belive that we can survie venus with good technology. I know we have it we just done want to release it into the world which makes sense but at the same time we could have billions of people living on 2 differnt planets. Our technology is not quite there yet though, but we're getting somewhere.