Dear state senator,

Im in favor of keeping the electoral college. This process might take a while but not as much as election by popular votes for the president of the united states.

The election by popular vote is saying that the electoral college is unfair, outdated and irrational. Well I think its not, it's widely regarded as a thing that seems to belong to the past but also not to fit in the president. The electors are the ones who elect for the president not the people. When we vote for a presidential candidate we're basically voting for a slate of electors. The residents of the other regions are most likely feel that their votes don't count and that the new president will have no intersts, also that he really isn't  their president.

Keeping the electoral college is the best idea. Some people might not like it but some would. Others might not like the idea of voting by popular votes for who can be president. Also under the amendment of the constituation, the district of Columbia is allocated three elctors and treated like a state of purposes of the electral college. Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. Unlike the others. They just vote by how big the state is and by how many repesenitives there are.

The electors are picked by depending on the states which makes it fair enough. Back then the louisiana legislature barley succeeded in getting rid of and getting new democratic electors. If the election was a tie it would be handed over to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote on the president beacuse each state casts olny one vote.

The winner of the take all method of awarding electral votes as a couples years ago. Election focuses their campagin efforts on toss up states. the voters in the toss up states are more likey to pay attention to the campaign, knowing their going to decide the elections. but the most thoughtful voters should be the ones the decides the elections not the electors.    