Some people don't like the electoral college, whie some people do. The electoral college is a process, the founding fathers established in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President byh a vote in congress and election of presidentts but popular vote. The process is the selection of electors, the meeting with the presideng and vice, and the counting of the electoral votes. The Electoral college is unfair and practical, while the election of the popular vote should get the president due to the swing states. They should favor in changing to the election by popular votes got the president the of the United States.

They should favor in changing the election by popular vote since the electoral college is unfair. It is unfair because is regraded as a non-demcratic method of selecting a president. It should be overulled by declaring the candidate that recieves the most popular votes. For example, Obama recieved 61.7 percent of popular votes compared to 51.3 percent of popular votes for him and Romney. It is possible that the winner of electoral will not win due to the national popular vote.

The should favor in changing th election by popular vote since the electoral college is practical. It is practical because they avoid problems in the election. The arguments in favor mostly assertions without much basis in reality and the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. Also, the electoral college avoids the problem in election. They avoid the problems in the election which no candidate recieves a majoriy of the votes cast. For example, Nixion and Clinton both had 43 percent plurality of popular votes. There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority vote, that pressure greatly complicates the presidential process.

They should favor in changing the election by popular votes since there are swing states. In swing states there are thoughtful votes. the winner take all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates to focus their campaign efforts on the toss up states. They mostly focus on the swing states. The toss up states pay more attention to the campaign, realling listening to the competing candidates. The electoral college is unfair to votes because the winner take all system in each state, all candidates dont spend much time in states knowing they will not have a chance at winning. (

Richard A. Posner, 3) Swing states line 20)

In conclusion, they should favor in changing to the election by popular votes got the president the of the United States because the Electoral college is unfair and practical, while the election of the popular vote should get the president due to the swing states.                    