There is an argument going around on whether summer projects should be designed by students or teachers.

The summer projects should be designed by the teachers because students won't challenge themselves in the summer, teachers know what criteria the students should learn, and it is the teachers job to give the students work.

The topic on this discussion is very interesting, but we all know that its would be most beneficial for the teachers to design the summer project.

To start off; if students designed their own summer project they would make it easy.

Most students can't wait for the last day of school so they don't have to do any work or should I say "learn".

Also if they do a summer project it should help preview what they are going to be learning in the upcoming school year, so if they don't know exactly what it is that they will be learning why should they have to design their own project which most would not what to do in the first place.

In addition to the students designing their own project there are a lot of potential problems that could occur.

Like they forget to inform everyone else on what the project is.

The students just are not mature or responsible enough to be able to design such a hefty task like a summer project all on their own.

Secondly on why teacher should deign the summer projects, is the fact that they know what they will teacher in the following school year.

The students should begin to get informed or a little bit of knowledge on what they will be taught in the upcoming school year.

The teachers that design the summer project should make it about topics that they will later teach the students on.

For example, if there is a lesson on the cells in a plant for next year, maybe have the students create a plant cell out of recycled materials.

Just little things so they come into the classroom ready and already with some knowledge on what will be presented in the school year.

Lastly on why teachers should design the summer project is that its the teachers job to design such things.

A student should not have to worry about what they are going to do for a project.

That is too much pressure on the youth.

Instead maybe teachers collectively as a group come up with multiple project ideas for the students.

Give the students multiple options on what assignment or project they would want to do.

The teacher are getting paid to teach and come up with lesson plans.

Therefore it should not be the students task to come up with any projects specifically one like a summer project.

On the other hand, if students design their own projects that could help them mature.

Although it may just apply pressure and stress on the students which is what we don't want happening to them.

We shouldn't make kids design their own projects especially if most don't want to do it.

Teachers should be the ones designing the projects due to the fact that they get paid to create such things as projects and know what lessons are going to be taught in the following year, and students just aren't ready for this type of task.

The answer is rather clear that is should be the teachers designing the projects and not the students.