If every student were to participate is a after school activity or sport, then the school would keep getting better. If the principle were to make this rule then everyone wouldnt be as lazy. When the principle makes this rule happen, no one would be left out of anything, students would get better attitudes and grades, and students would respect the teachers and other students as well.

All students would be apart of something and will make friends eventually, therefore not one student would be sad about being left out which would boost their confidence more and more every day. Everyone gets to pick their sport or activity so that they will have fun doing it but still be working. They wouldnt have to participate in a sport or club that they dont want to but they would have to pick something. Everyone would have at least one friend because they have to work with each other all the time and they would learn to like each other. The whole school would be productive all the time and the schools systems would be improving every day.

The students would be focused on getting good grades because if they dont then they have to leave their club or team and pick a different team or club. Students would like what they do because they chose it and because they like it so much they will have better attitudes and behave better. Students wanna have good grades and be happy and this is the perfect way to make it happen. The more they experience in that club or team the happier the students are gonna be inside and outside of school. Some students are depressed and sad all the time so if we give those students people to hang out with and fun things to do we can wipe out all of the depression that those students have.

If the principle made this a rule than students would have more time to socialize with other students and their teachers. The more socializing that the students have with teachers the more the students will respect the teachers and have a better attitude in their class. If the students know and respect their teacher than they wont act up during class time and the class will be able to get more stuff done. If the students stop messing around in a teachers class than the teachers would respect them and the class could work hard to learn more everyday. The school would get better over time and soon the school will be active all the time.

Everyone would be doing something so that even the kids that dont want to do anything still have to. I agree with this principle in many ways and think he is absolutely amazing and his idea is a great one. If we all work together to get the whole school to be active than i think it would be possible and they would have a great school.