Though driverless cars may be a thing of the future, my vote is a no. Driverless cars are a bad idea no matter who is behind the wheel. Not only are the drivers put at risk but other people on the roads are put in grave danger when a human is not controlling the vehicle. Driverless cars may appeal to the younger generation because of the flahy technology but the lack of safety tips the scales towards the negative side.

A driverless car's name portrays the idea that humans do not need to be in control of the car that idea is incorrect. Drivers must stay allert and focused while in a driverless car. This is evident when the text states,"They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." (7) This is concerning because people today tend to get distracted while driving a normal car. If the actual driving factor is taken away, drivers could get distracted by almost anything from technology to falling asleep. This would result in serious fatality to not only th person behind the wheel but to people around them.

In addition, the new entertainment systems in a car may be a new and alien experiance, they point to a rough road ahead. In an attempt to get the driver to pay attention while driving a driverless car, entertainment systems may be inserted in the car. This is pointed out when the text says,"Some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays." (8) Though these systems may keep the driver engaged, when it is time to take over the shift from watching or listening to a system to driving a car may take an extended period of time. The driver would also need to gain a sense of where he or she is while driving in order to take control. This would result in an increase in accident on the road.

No one is perfect and accidents do happen but in a driverless car who is to blame? This issue could cause serious law cases and court battles over injuries or damages indured in a crash with a driverless car. The article suggestd this when the text says,"If the technology fails and someone is inhured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" (9) Not only does the confusion on who is to blame take immense time, it sucks thousands of dollars from the participants in a law suit. Though the court may rule otherwise, the accident could be a result of malfunctioning technology that can not be pinned to an individual.

On the other hand, driverless cars have multiple downsides, some aspects are clear improvements from automobiles today. The new sensor techology inserted into the driverless cars can improve braking and response to sudden stops. The author includes this in the arguement when they say,"The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." (5) This would decrease the amount of damages done to cars from running into or backing over things because the sensors have eyes where the driver does not. The sensors can provide an advantage to safe driving that would not come from any ordinary car.

All in all, driverless cars are unsafe and an illogical invention. The lack of attention that is needed when not driving a car will result in mass accidents and injuries when a driver is needed. Entertainment systems in cars only add to the danger in driverless cars and are unnecessary. Crashes and accidents can not be settled or avenged in court because there is no clear cause to the incident. Though the sensor technology incorporated in the driverless cars gives an advantage for braking and controling the vehicle, the bad outweighs the good in this situation. Driverless cars may be a thing of the future but as of right now, humans are not ready to hit the road without a person behind the wheel.