Prompt

Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend class from home by way of online or video conferencing. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Take a position on this issue. Support your response with reasons and examples.

Many schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Sometime,the attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing is advantage and disadvantage. In my own thinking, I disagree students wouldn't benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they will difficult to interchange, low experience ,less communicate and to affect deployment or presentation in their program.

To begin with, students should have low grade if they didn't face to face interaction with teachers. If you earn a degree from a school with no accreditation, you can find yourself with a worthless degree that will leave you in debt and no better prepared for the workforce. For instance, my friends being to attend classes and he studies online or video conferencing. Some question, he doesn't understand and he has no idea to do his work. So, he has low grade in his work. We need to building relationship with your instructor and classmates will require more effort in an online environment.

Furthermore, students can slow evolution and more work. Program in general are improving the quality of their online courses, and this means that students will have to do more to prove that they've mastered the material. For example, we need to research and find the information in internet. That's make us work for more time and sometime teachers gave them the homework but some students don't do it. Some students destitute responsibilities in their homework. They told teachers with many reason as they need to go work, so they forgot to do homework. But the think is they are got no point and low credit .

Moreover, students need more intense requirement for self-direction because you have to know study online is good or bad for you. However, if you are pursing an entire degree online, you will need to be proactive in finding the information you need to ensure that you are taking the right classes for your degree plan. Students also pass the concentrate when teachers teach them. Beside that,some students destitute responsibilities in their knowledge .Some students mistake in their world when they are writing the paragraph and to impede about success in the future.

Base on this argument, students shouldn't being able to attend classes from home and study in online or video conferencing. I think study in online or video are very bad for you because you will low experience, knowledge, and low contact with your teachers. You have to contact with your teachers because It will help you are more creation,experience and understand about confusion in your paragraph or homework. If you know the positive and negative, you can make an informed decision whether online learning right for you.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 