Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break . Should these summer projects be teacher designed or student designed ? These choices should be up to the students designe . If the student picks they will be more willing to do it . Much rather if the teacher designed the project for the students . They will learn more picking their own designe and enjoy it more if it is their own design . Some kids also may be limited when it comes to acess and supplies and might not be able to get ahold of the supplies they need for the project or things they will need for the project their teacher designed.

With having students designe their own projects instead of the teacher will make the project more enjoyable. Some students will dilike what their teacher has provided them with . This being said it wont be enjoyable and will most likley they wont do it or wont learn anything because they wont be doing it or paying attention to what they are doing. If they dont do it or pay attention to it they wont get the learning experience the teachers want and with it being summer time they will probaly dislike their summer as well. If they dont learn anything there was no point of giving them the project . It should be enjoyable for them so they can have a fun leanring experiance and also have something fun to do over the summer and it being their choice it might make things extra fun for them . If they get to pick it they will proably be happy to be told they have a project to do over the summer and it being vacation they could also come up with something alot more funnier and a better learning experiance then a teacher could.

If the teacher designes the project the students may or may not have supplies for that project . They might not have it because they arent at home or on vacation because its summer time or maybe just might not be able to afford the supplies needed for the project. If the student can designe their project for them selfs they will most likly pick a project they can afford the supplies for or can get . Also saying the fact its summer time you could pick a project to challge yourself because you might be in a diffrent place . Some projects the students could designe could be no money for them at alll and still a good learning experience that was fun for them and not having to pay any money could help out the students who cant afford a project a teacher may have designed .

For example some parents and teachers say alllowing the students to design their own project is care less and they will make horrible choices. However allowing students to design their own projects will allow them to challege themselfes . They will also probley pick a project that is enjoybal to them and will make the learning experiance so much better and the students will most likely complte a project they ejoy doing. Also allowing students to design their own project wont make them be careless it will allow them to make adult choices on their own . This being said will show how much they are growing up and how they can make good choices on their own and how they can do it by themselfs . Allowing them to pick it will mostlikly make them make better choices much rather then carless ones .

The design of what project the students are given in the summer should completly be their own design not the teachers. If the students design their own projects they will mostlikley do something they like . If they do something that they like they will get it done and the learning experiance will be so much better then if the teacher designed what the students where told to do over the summer . It being said if the students where able to design the project they would enjoy it and be able to get all supplies they need for it because the teacher might pick something the student might not like or something they cant get supplies for. They would also probaly love to be told they have a project to do over the summer if it was their design and get it done. So overall students should be allowed to design their own projects so they can learn more in the summer. 