Voting. Voting is a pretty big deal that only comes around so many years. And with voting the citizens of the U.S. have a voice. And also the voting method in which the president is elected by popular votes is just fine and it should be the only way people vote for their president. No one else should vote for them. The people have the right to choose who ever they want. And no one has the right to vote for any other person but them. The popular is just fine because first of all the popular vote for president method is more fair than the electoral college voting method. Secondly, the popular vote for president is less complicated, where as the electoral college can cause complications and problems.

To start off, the popular vote for president is more fair than the electoral college. First, there really is no way of cheating in the popular vote method because people vote once for whom ever they want to be president out of the people elected and then the president is chosen that way. The popular votes method is more fair because candidates spend a little time in every if not majority of the states, depending on how much time they have. But as stated in the article written by Bradford Plumer in the electoral college voting method "candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states." That is not fair every state should be able to see the candidates who are going to be serving the country and see what they are like and how they can help the country. And this has happened before where the candidates didn't even bother showing up in some of the states. One example would be as stated in the article By Bradford Plumer "during the 2000 campaign, seventeeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." Now how on earth can people vote for their new president if they have absoloutley no idea of what the president is capable of doing to help or even hurt the country.

Next, the popular vote for president is less complicated, unlike the electoral college where complications, problems, and just a big mess could happen. With the popular vote it is pretty straight forward and simple. The people vote for whom ever they want to be their next president and serve the country, the votes get counted up and whoever has the most votes gets to be the new president. But with the electoral college if a tie had occured as stated in the article written by Bradford Plumer "the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president.(The Senate would choose the vice-president.) Because each state casts only one vote, the single from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters." Now that sure seems to be complicated. Just one vote represents 500,000 or 35 million voters. The popular vote method is a lot more simple it doesn't require all of these steps. With the popular vote everyone votes and the majority of the votes is the winner, as simple as that. It doesn't require going to the representatives who vote for themselves and a whole bunch of other people as well.

In conclusion, the popular vote method is better because it is more fair. It gives people a voice to choose for whom ever they want not what anybody else wants. Also, the popular vote method is a whole lot less complicated than the electoral college. Where if there is a tie the representatives vote for themselves and are also representing thousands of other people who may or may not want that specific candidate to be president. So voting is no joke it is serious and it shouldn't be taken as a joke either. Every person should have a voice they should be able  to vote for who ever they desire. No one else should be able to vote for them, not even the representatives. Voting is no joke.                                                                               