The electoral college must go down! The electoral college is unfair to voters across the United States and the amounts of electoral votes doesn't compare to the actual population. The electoral college have messed up the voting system causing horrific crisis in the United States. This system of electoral colleges voting for the president and not actually counting the votes that the people in the United States vote for, which makes it a very outdated system. Using popular vote is more precise and accurate than the electoral college. Popular vote is voted by citizens in which many people not including me should change the electoral system for the popular vote system. Therefore, the electoral college must go down and replaced by a system called the popular vote to determine the president of this great country.

Having electoral voters instead of having the popular vote system is unfair to all. Basically the electoral college process consists of only a selection of the senators. The founding father have established this messed  up system in which it compromise between the election of the president by a vote in congress. It is highly unfair because of the winner-take-all system in each state. This means canidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. For example, they only focus on the "swing states" like California. Using the winner-take-all system, smaller states don't get the same oppurtunity as bigger states as in the year of the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see any canidates at all including, Rhode Island and South Carolina which holds the largest media markets. Yet these states didn't get to see a single campaign ad in the designated area.

Not only that using this system is unfair to all, but this system of electoral votes don't compare to the population. Meaning the 500,000 voters in a state of Wyoming who wants the other president to win, only have one representative to cast that vote in that whole state of that immense population. While California in the other hand have 55 representatives to cast the votes, in which the represent 35 million voters in that state. Using popular vote, is much more of a precise method or sytem to use. Instead of having one representative from one small state of 500,000 people, the popular votes turned in by qualified citizens will count than just 55 representatives. Imagine having each and everyone's vote count instead of having someone to do it for you. Now that is when people should start voting.

Using the popular vote will indeed avoid many crisis that happened using the electoral system. For example, the election that almost turned into complete disaster in the year of 1960 when Vice President Richard Nixon, who was presiding over the senate, validated only his opponent electors, but he made sure to do so "without establishing a precedent". This couldv'e been easily fixed if the government at this time would take off the electoral system college and instead use a precise system that many people want, named the popular vote. Popular vote is basically when the people have "the voice" and speak for themselves and not to another person. Another example would be in the year 2000 when U.S. presidential race, Al Gorereceived more individual votes that George W. Bush nation wide, but Bush wonthe election, receiving 271 electoral votes to Gore's 266. With popular vote, Al Gore wouldv'e won the presidency and the citezens of the United States would've gotten what they wanted instead of having people vote for them. This is why population vote should be in effect as soon as possible.

Using popular vote would be a great and ideal way to decide who is the president during the nationwide election. It should be important to many people as we the people of the United States decide who will take over the countries' responsibility and economy. Yes, the popular votes is a great and ideal way to vote but having electoral colleges will avoid run-off elections. Run-off elections are when no canidate receives a majority of the votes cast. However, they can fix this problem by eliminating the electoral votes process. Therefore, it makes it clear that having a popular vote to deide who is the winner would be better when it is election time.

Having popular votes system will be arguably the best system to use for the election and towards the voting process. Using electoral votes will be unfair to voters when they are voting because of the simply winner-take-all basis of each and every one of the fifty states. Not only that it's unfair, it also causes many crisis in the United States dealing with this system alone and then eventually lead to dramatic chaos across the nation. Also, having the amount of electoral votes doesn't compare to the population of the actual state. Remember it is still one representative for the 500,000 people in Wyoming. Popular votes should be used in every political system no matter what situation it is. As the passage says, the argument against direct elections are spuriors at the best. Abolish the electoral system college once and for all!            