In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author explains how certain algorithms built into a system, called the Facial Action Coding System, can detect human emotions. In the article, the author describes how a classroom computer can recognize when a student is getting bored or confused based on their facial expressions. This computer can change the way that the lesson is being taught so that the students are more productive in classes. While the Facial Action Coding System detects facial expressions that indicate a person's emotion, the system built in a classroom computer is valuable to students, because it can manipulate the lesson based on how students are learning.

The ability to have a classroom computer that is able to read the emotional expressions of students, would be very valuable is a classroom, because it allows the lesson to be taught in a way that would benefit the students, according to Dr. Huang. In a normal classroom, teachers create lessons that confuse the students or do not appeal to their learning ability which creates a tension for the learning environment. With the use of this technology, classroom lessons would be more educational and responsive. This is because, the technology is able to recognize when a student is confused or bored by reading their emotional and facial expressions. This is useful since the system can alter a lesson plan to be suitable for the students in the classroom which would potentially help them learn better. For example, if a student is confused during class, it is likely that they will not ask for help, leading them to not understand what is going on in the lesson. Having this technology in the classroom, would sense this and modify the lesson so that a student would be able to learn better and understand the topics.

The use of the Facial Action Coding System in classrooms would be beneficial in classrooms to both the students and the teacher, because it would allow the teacher to adjust lessons in order for more students to understand the concepts. Dr. Huang predicted that the system would be able to manipulate lessons based on the readings of emotional expressions in the classroom. The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable, because it would benefit the student's learning ability in the classroom. 