Would it be surprising to know that kids learning at home helps them not stress out as much? Stress is mainly caused by student getting to much school work that cannot all be handied in on night. Every day kids complain about having too much homework and when working at home there is not any homework. Allowing children to work on their own schedule helps them become more motivated to work. Students being educated at school gaing more freedom to create their own schedule and their own rules. Learning at home and not at schools helps kids succeeed and have better grades.

One of the best thing about homeschooling is that it can be done at anytime, and anywhere. Children have a flexible time schedule which means that the parents can help. The students can work around the parents schedule instead of the parents working around the student's schedule. Some students have a trouble working at a school because they cannot understand the material at the pase set by teachers. Homeschooling allows students to work at their own pace and on their own schedule. Another thing about homerschooling is that there are no misguided rules about technology or how to dress. This is good because instead of worrying about the rules. The students can focus on their studies.

When you are taking a test or taking notes at a public school there are many distractions that can make students lose focus on what they are doing. This is another reason that learning from home would benefit students. Learning from home won't have the distractions that a classroom has. As a result of this, students won't lose focus on the work they are doing and get better grades. One of the reasons students get distracted in the first place is because they are in an environment their are not familiar with, which makes the feel uncomfortable. If a students learns from home they will feel more relaxed and confortable and won't stress about work. In a school, you are struck at desk for 6 hours and have a limited time to eat and limited bathroom breaks. This is not help a student's learning at all. On the other hand. If you are at home you can eat and do whatever you want when you want.

There are still a few reasons not to do distanced learning. There are many more opportunities with public schools. People from different colleges don't go to students'homes and try to advertise their career options. Making friends from home would be difficult without social interaction. Public school are great places to socialize during free time. If everyone goes home to attend school funding for public schooling willl fall and teachers will lose their jobs because of buged cuts. In public schools, depending an the teachers, cheating is hard to do.

My conclusion is students should be offered classes online or at home because the environment is less distracting, which could be less stressful. At home there are less distractions, rather than at school where there are many different thing to students, can greatly affect the quality of a student's work.