Did you have to do a project over the summer for school? If so that assignment was called a summer learning project and it's used to make sure students are learning over summer break. Although some might argue that the project should be student-designed, it should be a teacher-designed.

Students being able to design their own summer projects would not make the project a leaning experience. A student would do the project on a topic that he/she already knows about instead of leaning something new because he/she would want to hurry up and go outside to enjoy the summer. For example, if a student already knows about the great depression and has to do a project on the topic about devastating things that has happened to the American economy he/she would write about the great depression because they already know what happened. There would be no need to go the library or research anything or learn something new. Teachers pick projects that will challenge his or her students to excel not only in the specific subject that he/she teaches but in life also.

Teachers assign projects that will help their students do better in his or her class. For example, English teachers will assign a student a book to read that will have a theme that will be talked about throughout the entire year. Which allows students to be prepared in class and even do better in class because of the knowledge that they have gained by doing the project. Students will already have some insight on what the teacher expects and how they run their classroom based on the summer reading project.

Teachers pick projects that keep students up to date on what's happening in society. Government teachers assign summer project that help students learn laws that can keep them safe and away from prison and also help save others. It also helps them learn about their state Governor and how they are helping the people in the city that they live in and how they can help bring about change to things that they might not like. Teacher based projects keep students connected with the outside world.

Teachers should also pick the summer projects because it teachers student how to follow directions and how to be independent. It helps students learn how to only rely on themselves and not anyone else because you can not ask the teacher for help. The student has to learn how to do it themselves which is a skill everyone needs, it also teaches students how to follow directions, teacher gives out a rubric and the students must follow the rubric to get a good grade. If each student designed their own project each project would be different which would be thought for the teacher to grade and come up with a rubric for.

Teachers should pick the summer reading because they only want what's best for their students. It helps them: learn,stay connected with the world, learn independence, and be an overall great student. If teachers keep picking the summer projects future students will become the important hard working men and women that will eventually run the world.