Everybody faces obstacles throughout their lives whether it is as simple as getting up from bed to something as complex as purchasing a new house. During these times, people may choose to seek advice from others thinking that they could help them make a better decision. However, some people may choose to not seek advice from others because they think others will not be able help them. I think that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. This is because others can share their ideas, they can ensure that the research and information is all accurate, and it creates a unbiased choice.

When others share their ideas, they may share new things. Some people could have information or experiences that could be extremely helpful. For example, if a teacher was buying a new car, they would want to spend as much time as possible researching for the best car they could buy. However, even if they spent that much time, they could still end up buying a car that they end up not liking. Although if they asked others for advice, others may be able to share things from their own experience. They may have owned the car that the teacher wanted previously. If the teacher asked them whether it was a good purchase or not, they could share things that the teacher would have never found on the internet. Now the teacher has learned a lot more and has more information to make the right decision. That is why when others share their ideas, it could help someone make a better choice.

If the person researches and ends up compiling a ton of inaccurate information, that won't help them at all. This is very likely as many sources online can be inaccurate. Although If people reviewed their research, they could remove the false information from their research. Back to the car example, lets say someone told the teacher that the car they wanted to buy was a bad choice. However, the teacher disagreed with him and she told him something that was completely incorrect. Others would be able to point this out and make sure that the information she found was 100% true and that her research does not have any false information that could affect her final decision. This allows someones information to be more accurate.

The last reason why people should seek multiple opinions is that it creates a unbiased choice. If the teacher just asked the manager in a Toyota car dealership about what car she should purchase, the manager would most likely recommend a car from Toyota because he would want to advertise his dealership. However this would make her choice extremely biased especially if the manager didn't provide details to back up his claim. It doesn't have to be the manager of a car dealership either. If the teacher just asked someone who simply likes Toyota, she would still get the same answer. When someone asks for multiple opinions, it prevents the chance of her choice being too biased. This allows someone to make a better choice without having tons of biased opinions influencing them.

I believe that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. This is because others could share the information and experiences that they have had or been through. They can also make sure that the information they have is accurate. Everyone's opinions could create a choice that is less-biased. By compiling what everyone shares, others will have the necessary experiences and the accurate research to make the best unbiased decision.