Imagine never going to school again! instead you could take all your classes online from home. Online classes are very beneficial towards students who are unable to attend their classes at school. There are many reasons why someone may choose to take an online class. They could take their core classes online so they have more time to work towards their goals and their chosen electives during the school day. For some students, they might not have space in their schedule for the classes they want to take during the school day, so online courses would resolve this issue. Also, some students may not learn well in a physical classroom because they feel anxious and timid. In an online classroom they wouldn't face those obstacles, rather they're able to learn freely. Why choose to take your classes in school, when you can take them from the comfort of your own home. 6

How an online class works is that it's held at a certain time every week. During this hour long session the teacher turns on her video cam and goes through a power point teaching us what we need to know for the week. Afterwards, there are several assignments that are posted in Google Classroom that we must complete before our next class. This is done so you have the same workload as the students who take it in school. To be able to excel in your online course you need to manage your time very well. You should be able to balance your in school classes and your online classes, as well as any extra curricular activity you may have. 6

There are many reasons why someone might take an online course. The main reasons are either push or pull. A push factor would be something that forced you to take an online class. A pull factor would be something that attracted you to take an online course. An example of a push factor would be if your school shut down and you would need to complete your courses online. For example, the threat of corona virus has caused some schools to shut down to keep everybody healthy and continue their courses online from home instead of coming to school. An example of a pull factor would be if your schedule was full and you wanted to take another class so you decided to take it online.7

Another great reason that online classes are beneficial are that the class you want may not be offered at your school so you can take it online from your home. You might also live far from the nearest school and do not have a form of transportation to go to and back from school. Online classes would allow you the same education that is given to someone who physically shows up to school physically. This would be a push factor. A counter argument could be that some families might be not having a laptop to use for your online courses. I think many schools are starting to give out issued laptops to their students. If that is not the case or they dont have WIFI, they could always go to the nearest library and make use of the resources there.

In your online class there are going to be many students from many different schools, and the teacher that will be running the class could also be from a different school. You would take the online class from wherever you want, until it is time to take your midterm and final. During the Midterm and final you will be asked to go to the teachers school and test in person to make sure there is no foul play. Even though you are at home and can cheat on many things, you should not. Not only because its against the rules, but also if you score 2 letter grades below on your midterm and final than your overall grade, it would seem as if you were cheating and it you could get in trouble. Overall, it doesnt matter if you were a push factor or a pull factor, online courses are beneficial to students no matter what circumstance you are in.