Every vote makes a difference. Every single vote plays a role in electing a president, whether it be directly, or indirectly. The Electoral College has caused a lot of controversy with that thought. "The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational." (Plumer 14) Where are the facts behind the argument against it? We all hear people complaining and saying these things, but they have no facts as to why abolishing the Electoral College would be beneficial. The Electoral College is working in the peoples' favor and i believe we should keep it.

There are so many uneducated voters. People that vote for the presidential candidate at the top of the list because they have no clue who any of the people are anyway. If the president was selected by just popular votes who knows what the nation would be like. Every vote counts. Yes, this is true even with Electoral College it just a process to make sure that the votes being sent in are educated and well thought out; not chosen out of laziness. Do we want the people who vote just to say they voted to have a huge say in who runs our country? I sure don't. I'd rather have a trusted group of people who are very well educated take our votes into huge consideration and seal the deal. "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nomonee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)..." (Posner 16). Richard A. Posner goes on to tell us how many times the trust has been betrayed... the most recent being in the election year 2000 and then the only other time the electoral vote did not reflect the popular vote was 1888. There's no reason to change a system that isn't broken.

Obviously the system has its flaws, but nothing is perfect. Sure the Electoral College messed up twice, but that isn't some mass amount that was detrimental to our nation. "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." (Office of the Federal Register 1) It's a compromise that has worked for so long; there's not enough valid reasons to change it.

The Electoral College gives the right amount of representation to different sized states. "The Popular vote was very close in Florida; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes." (Posner 21) The majority of the state was in favor of Obams's ideas so 29 Electoral votes would work in their states favor, instead of having an almost tie vote which would make a smaller difference in the outcome. The Electoral College votes are like each states individual votes for the candidate that would make the majority of that one state happy, or that would benefit that one state. So yes, the popular vote may not always win, but the outcome of the presidential election is based on which person was the favorite of the majority of each individual state.

All in all, the Electoral College works for this nation. It worked for our founding fathers and it's still working for us, no matter what people want to argue. If "60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." (Plumer 9) then the majority of our country should be able to come up with a valid argument against it.    