If diverless cars are in our future would it impact the way people focuse on the road? I belive that driverless cars will afect peoples saftey.

A way that driverless cars can be a negative thing is because people are not in full control of the car. What would happen if the car all of a sudden starts doing something wrong and the driver can not do anything about it? In paragragh number 7 is says that the car can do a lot of things on its own. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navagating through work zones and around accidence."

Also if people were interested in buying the diverless car would an average person be able to affort it? In paragragh number 4 it clearly says that the car needs many tools and special equitment to be able to be a driverless car. "Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an intertial motion sensor."

Not only would the car itself cost alot, it would also take millions to be able to fix all the roads in order for the car to be able to drive on the roads. In paragragh number 3 it states that the car requies magnets in the road to be able to read the messages in binary code, but would be too expensive. "These smart-road systems worked surprisingly well, but they require massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical."

Finally one of my biggest concerns is that if the driverless car does not need the driver at all times would it make it easier for younger kids to get in the car, start it, and take off? In paragragh number 7 it says that all it takes is the drivers hands to be on the wheel for the car to go. "The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." Since the driverless car can do alot on its own the car could make it easy for a young child to get in it and leave while not being watched properly.

In conclusion, I belive that people should keep driverless cars off the road for many reasons. For example, people are not having full control of the car. The car may not be afordable to the average person. It would take millions for the road to be fixed and be able to have driverless cars to work on the roads. Finally it would be seriously dangerouse for a young child to get in the car and the car start driving on its own. 