How do feel about driverless cars? I don't really like the idea, but it's for the future and anything is possible. For me driverless cars has it's pros and cons. Driverless cars can be useful, but they can be deadly to other people who doesn't have the car or even be deadly to the driver. If the driverless cars will have sensors and the driver will have to have fast reaction times to help the car if needed. To me safety is more important then anything.

Driverless cars are for the future, but anything is possible for the future. There are many possible things that could happen. The car could be a succesful invention. Then again it could be a failure. Nobody wants to be in harms way right? In the passage it says " Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020" to me I think it will take more than four years to invent these cars and mass produce them.

To me driverless cars has many pros and many cons. For instance the passage says that " New laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident" then, the passage goes on and says " If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" What if one of the sensors become defaulted? Wouldn't that be a manufacturing problem?

Driverless cars can be useful, but could be harmful to the surroundings if the technology malfunctions. What would you do if you was driving a driverless car and it maulfunctions and crashes into the car next to you and you find out the people in the other car are dead? Would you feel quilty or would you not? Driverless cars can be the future, but I think the inventioina and concept of the car shoukd be taken more serious. To me the maufacturers are just looking to make money.

To me as a person i take safety very serious. I think the safety concept of the vehicles should be one of the more serious things the manufacturers should look at if produced. They should only give a certain amount of driverless cars out incase the technology fails. There won't be much chaos if the technology malfunctions.

Driverless cars are the future for the world. I don't really like the concept, but it's the future and anything is possible. Driverless cars have many pros and cons. The cars can be useful, but then they could be harmful to it's surrounding safety wise. If the driverless cars will have sensors then what's the use for the person to have to be cautious at all times for? Like i've said before I take safety very serious and I hope the maunufacturers take it more serious for the future of the "autonomous car."