Advice is something many people would like to have when making a hard decision. So many people struggle with having to make such a diffcult choice. This can affect your daily actives and interfer with school, school is already so stressful and adding more stress is just so overwhelming. Having others advice can help with the stress and the amount of time it takes. This is why asking for help can never hurt because it can influence you to make an outstanding decision that you would have never done before, but before you make the final descion you have to go through the steps to make a perfect one. Before doing that you have to think about why other peoples advice can help. Doing this means you will not be so stressed when asking for advice. The main things asking for help can do are relive the ongoing stress, help you focus on the conquences of others opinions, and you can make the decision faster.

First it will help you relive the ongoing stress. Many people struggle with horrible stress and it can be really hard. Having all this weight on your shoulders can bring you down. You can go into a bad mind set and want to give up. It can be very diffcult to relive your stress sometimes. Asking for other peoples opinions when making a decision, can help you. It will make it easier for you because you have friends to be there for you during the stressful times. When I make a hard decision I like to take care of myself. Giving yourself love and care can relive stress too, during hard times. You do not want to have your stress get in the way of your school, or sports. Stress can make you forget about what is important and make you just focus on that one thing. That is why when you ask for help it can also, help relive your stress.

Next, it will make you focus on the conquences of each opinion. The first step to make a good decision is to think about your conquences. Some people make a decision and regret it because they did not think about their conquences. For example, when people go to jail, they regret their descision they made because it changed their life in a horrible way. Other peoples opinions can lead you into a bad direction, if you dont think about the possible outcomes. There can be some bad outcomes when you listen to peoples opinions, but if you chose carefully and follow the correct steps it will not be so bad. If someone is per-persuring you, that is never the right way to listen someones advice because they are forcing you. Always listen to yourself when someone is forcing you and not always be a follower, but also listen to other opinons when they are not forcing you. Having the help of others advice, can lead you into making the right decision.

Lastly, it will help you make the decision faster. If you ask for help, you might not have so much stress, therefore you might make the decision faster. Making it faster will mean you will have less stress, you wont have to worry about it so much, and you can just move on and enjoy it. When something goes by faster you can just think about the furture and not worry so much on the present. You can make other decisions too, do fun stuff with friends, instead of thinking and worrying about one thing. School might be less stressful because you will not be carring so much weight on your shoulders and you will focus more. Everyone already knows school is so stressful, so making one little thing less stressful can help you focus a lot more. This will make your teachers very proud because they will see you focus more on your work and not be so worked up. You might even do better on test and your grades will be better because you are actually focused instead of worrying about everything.

In conculsion, getting advice from other people is a huge benefit to have. You will have way less stress then just having no help and influence, then you did before. Also you will be way more focused at school because you are not so worried about one decision. All this edvidence will help others think before they make a bad decision and regret it for the rest of their lives.