The Electoral College should be removed as a way of depicting who the President should be. The idea of the Electoral College is almost great but its just not the way the President should be elected. The popular vote is simple, and it makes the presedential campaigns almost mean something. The Electoral College is still a system that is effective, however, the United States government gets its power from the people, so the popular vote would be logical thing to use in depicting who the US President should be.

In source two it tells us that Al Gore had won more than 60 percent of the populkar vote, but still lost the presidency because of the flaws in the Electoral system. From the knowledge that I have gained through all three of these articles, it makes no logical sense that Al Gore won the popular vote with 60 percent and still lost the presidency. All of these sources include something along the lines of, "popular vote elects slate electors to choose president". And with that being said, it proves a flaw in the system we use to elect the most powerful man in the world.

Now, yes, there is a good thing or two about the Electoral College way of doing things. For instance, as stated in source three, "Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both ahd a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes." In a situation like this, it doesn't even matter what the popular vote results are becasue the College still gets their unique say in the presidency. However, if we got rid of the Electoral College it wouldn't matter if there was a tie in the popular votes because it could just be disputed in Congress, the same way it would be handled if there were to be a tie in the current Electoral College.

In conclusion, I would just like to say that the articles given did not give me enough information for me to form an educated opinion on the prompt. However, I did my best with the articles given. I would like to also say that it would be best for the nation if the Electoral College was either revised and edited, or removed completely and replaced with popular vote in determining our nation's future leaders.    