Limiting car use is not a new idea. It has been around for about 10 years now, but there has been a major spike in car usage and carbon-based emissions. Less and less people are using a car, and car sales have also gone in a downward spiral. Company chairman for Ford, Bill Ford, proposed a buisness plan for cities that have no practical use at the Mobile World Congress in Spain. Since even before the recession, less and less people are obtaining their licenses, and there has been an increase in major city populations, where driving is severly discouraged. Changes like these are leading to lower emisssions, improved saftey, conserved resources, and saved time, according to Ford.

Between 2001 and 2009, there was about a 23 percent drop in young people getting their license. These numbers are inspiring cities all over the world to make a change and do their part to make a change in the world. The capital of Columbia, Bogata has something known as a "car-free day," where only busses and taxis are permitted to be on the road. Other drivers will face a $25 fine. Even in the rain people continued to not use their car. Two other Columbian cities, Cali and Valledupar, also joined in for the first time this year. Bogota has a population of around seven million people, so even if they stop just a quarter of them from driving, then that could cut down on a lot of carbon-based emissions. In Paris, France, drivers were given 22-euro fines for even numbered license plates on one day, then odd numbered license plates the next. Congestion was down 60 percent, and this was after five days that Paris' emissions could rival those of major cities in China. France's tax policy that makes diesel fuel more viable than gasoline was partially to blame, according to Reuters. Diesel engines make up 67 percent of cars in France, which is much higher than their European counterparts. Compared to other captials, Paris has a much higher particulate matter as well. It had over 30 more micrograms than the next highest, which is Brussels, mostly due to the cold nights and warm days, which would trap carbon. After the smog was cleared, Paris released the ban on certain numbered license plates.

Another advantage to having no cars is that we have more people walking or riding their bike. While obesity rates in America have been turned around and are trending in the right direction again, there is always more that can be done. It will get people to be more active, and maybe try to eat healthier so they have more energy to walk to where they are going. There will always be obese people, especially in developed countries where junk food is sold around every corner. But we help those who want to change and be healthier by giving alternative choices instead of sitting while commuting. Of course, it would be ridiculous for somebody to have to walk 10 miles to get to work. Not everything can be perfect. Suburban towns would likely fade out of existance, making large cities larger and more intemit. Cars will never fully vanish. But you can do your part. The next time you have to go to the store that's withing walking distance, take a bottle of water and head out. Greenhouse gasses could be stopped, and it all starts with you.                                                             