It is no question that some teachers like to give out work over the summer. In fact, some schools even require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning over their break. There are those arguing that such projects should be student-designed; however, this is a bad idea in the long run. Although some may disagree, summer projects should be teacher-designed.

There are a variety of reasons as to why summer projects should be designed by teachers. For starters, teachers know the curriculum and know what students need to learn, especially for the upcoming school year. Teachers can also give an overall theme and provide many mini topics for the students to do their project on to help with creativity and a higher chance of individuality. Teachers can also hand out rubrics for their students to help them stay on track and to let them know what should and what should not be included in their projects.

There are additional reasons as to why summer projects would be better off if they were teacher-designed. Projects designed by teachers can almost always guarantee a student is learning. Students do not know it all, so if they were to create their own summer project, it would most likely be based around something that they already know much of; however, if a teacher designed the project, this would insure a way of making sure all students learn something new. Teacher-designed projects are also a way for students to get a taste of what the following school year is going to be like, which can give them a head start. Lastly, if students designed their own projects, the chances of it being organized is slim-to-none; whereas, if teachers designed the projects, it would have a purpose, a flow, and be well organized all at the same time.

Although some may disagree, teacher-designed summer projects deem to hold much more beneficial qualities over student-designed projects. From keeping an overall theme and being well organized to helping students get a leg-up for the upcoming school year, teacher-designed projects just have a more positive outlook overall. Although student-designed projects seem like a good idea, it will ultimately just turn into a giant, unorganized mess where the students do not even learn anything new. In conclusion, summer projects would be better off if it were designed by teachers.