Lets talk about abolishin the electoral college. When you vote, do you think you vote for the president? No. When you vote u dont vote for the president you vote for the slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. The people of America should consider themselfs lucky that the 2000 fiasco election was the biggest election crisis in a century, says the article in setion 2. Honestly if the article syas that Bob Dole was right why even have the electoral college! Mister senator listen to the people, give the people what they want.

Votes! almost everybody votes in America some dont but the mojority does. What you should do Mister Senator is give the people what they want and get rid off the "Elecotoral college. why have the program if we are not the once choosing who is going to be president. The electors does that not the citizens they just use the votes and later they would choose who ever they want. My opinion is to take the Eletoral College away for good because is useless and pointless.

Five reasons why the Electora College should be restained despite its lack of democratic." The winners takes all bases". What is that, why would we use that. In 2012 President Obama received 61.7% of the electoral votes compared to only 51.3% of the popular votes cast for him and Romney, says in source 3: In defence of the Electoral College. My point here is that we "DO NOT" need the Elecoral College. The voters in presidential elections are people who wants to express a  political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. So Mister senator what do think about the Elecoral College, should it be or should it not?

"The people in upper state are most likely to pay attention to the campain", says the article. Why would they do that?. Because they would have resived the most information and attention there is from the candidates. They are likely to be the most thoughtful people when its comes down to voting. It says "the most thoughtful voters should be the once to decide the election". Do you agree with this statement yes, or no?. My answer would be no, because everybody is living in the country that wants a vote from everyone so why only accept the votes that are thoughtful. We are all one so we should all vote and choose who we would like as a President of the United State.                   