Many agree that driverless cars would bring many benefits to society. On the other hand, I disagree on the idea of producing driverless cars. Driverless cars will arise more problems in the upcoming future. Driverless cars could cause more accidents, if something goes wrong who could you blame the manufacturer or the driver, and it would just be pointless to drive places if you are not directing the way. Driverless cars should not be the next invention.

Accidents always happen. Even now when humans are driving vehicles, but if there is many accidents with humans driving imagine a car driving itself. A car does not have reflexes. Therefore, if an accident happens really quick and the sensors do not alert the driver like it should be then there goes another collision. Many things could go wrong with the sensors and could cause terrible accidents.

In this case who could you blame for the accidents that occur with the driverless cars? On paragraph 9, it describes safety, but there would be new laws to cover liability of an accident. The manufactures would have some fault because they invented it. It would be their fault if the sensors did not work. It also is the person driving the vehicle's fault, but not if the sensors did not warn them in time.

Technology is making people lazier and lazier by the minute. Driverless cars will continue to make society even more lazier. There is absolutely no fun in getting in a car and not driving around and just waiting for something to happen so it could be your turn to drive just like it asks on paragraph 8. It would become pointless to go through all that process of getting your permit and license if you are not driving the vehicle. It would be hard to interpret driving fun in new way with driverless cars.

Driverless cars will bring benefits in a way, but also many complications. Accidents are most likely to occur because humans are not driving the vehicle, but the vehicle itself is driving. There would be uprises on who you can actually blame since the driver was driving but the manufacturer created it. There would be no point in getting a license if you are not driving the car. Driverless cars are going to be pointless to even own if you are not driving the car yourself.        