With the information the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" covers, this advancement in technology seems extremely unnecessary and could potentially have negative effects even with the good intentions behind it. As far as what is explained in this article the only benefit to this technology is that computers will know what you are feeling, and the question that needs to be asked is; do we really want them to? Secondly, there was no mention of how much this kind of technology costs or if it would even be plausible for it to be in a classroom setting. Lastly, why is it be necessary for a computer to overtake yet another aspect of a teacher's job of human interaction and communication. Technology being able to read emotional expressions in the classroom sounds wildly ludicrous in terms of use, cost, and personal connections

Although all seems harmless on the forefront of this idea, the side effects could turn very sour very quick. Nick D' Alto says "Imagine a computer that knows when you're happy or sad." The author of this article talks of how it will improve ad placements by whether you smile or frown, however I know for a fact social medias, especially Facebook, are already basing information on preferable ads by just what material you look at. Why is it necessary for a program to constantly scan our face just to see if we like something or not? This gives the computer so much power of constantly knowing what your exact emotions are on everything. It is just so unnecessary that it causes one to question why in the world would we risk giving computers that kind of power. Also, is it appropiate to constantly scan childrens' faces as they are trying to learn? Would there be a security system in place or parental agreement necessary that would allow the permission of constant invasion of privacy in the name of education? There are many ethical questions and unknown future outlooks that one would not want to subject children to that sort of test of safety and security.

However if this technology was to be used in a classroom, the next question is of course the cost of such a new computer process. All computers would have to have facial recognition in their system and although there is no mention of cost in the article one can imagine that this new technology is not cheap. Is it realistic to expect that schools will pay great amounts of tax payers dollars just so that we can invade the privacy of our children to figure out if they are bored? It seems much more financially sound to not steal the jobs of millions of teachers and let them get to know their students, opposed to scanning their face.

Teachers are necessary in the classroom not only to impart knowledge but also to make those personal connections that tell them how to best teach their kids. Every student is different, learns a different way and reacts differently to every aspect of the classroom. The article says a computer will be able to detect if a student is bored, but teachers have that ability already, minus the cost and invasion of privacy. Teachers are in the classroom so that they can make those personal connections with each student and ensure that they are doing everything they can to provide the best education possible. If a computer detects boredom it will just try another lesson without knowing what is best for the student. So the question that needs to be asked is why would this sort of technology be useful in the classroom?

In conclusion technology that scans your face to read your emotions has too many ethical questions, financial problems, and no personal connections for this computer process to be acceptable in the classroom. Although this advancement is impressive, the classroom setting is most definitely not the right place for this type of computer process.