Seeking multiple opinions on a topic can help somone make a better choice because, the person gets different points of veiw. Asking for advice by multiple sources can help the person become aware of possible bias or non-bias answers, which they may encounter if they only ask one person. For example, say you need advice on whether or not to get a dog or a cat as a pet. What would happen if you did seek advice? What would happen if you didn't? What kind of opinions would you become aware of?

You are unsure whether a dog or cat is a right pet for you. You decide to ask the advice from multiple others by different sources. One person you ask is completely against dogs; this person is being biased as they are telling you how they believe cats are better than dogs, only because they have one. They list the negative qualities of dogs, and list the positive qualities of cats, something you consider.

The same thing in the above paragraph happens with a dog lover, who advises you get a dog, which in their opinion, is better than a cat. This person has a dog, and is being biased aswell. This enables you to get different opinions on your question by seeing both sides of the story. The dog lover, like the cat lover, now tells you the negative qualities of cats, then the positive qualities of dogs. You can now make a better choice on which pet to get that suits you.

Now, say you didn't ask for any other opinion and decide to get a dog. Since you didn't seek out others advice, you find that this dog needs too much exercise, is always hungry, and doesn't leave you alone. You are unhappy with your choice since you didn't seek out all the possible information from others.

In conclusion, asking multiple people for their opinion helps you make a better choice to decied what best suits you, opens your eyes to different points of view, or possibilities. You now know the pros and cons for your question, you may even be able to relate to an opinion more, helping you decide on an option. In the end, you happily go home with a cat. 