I'm sure most students would agree that teachers really know how to put you to work, while that sounds like a bad thing, it's actually very helpful. Teachers know how to drill information into a student's brain. However, I do understand why students would want to be in charge of organizing summer projects. Students want projects to be fun and easy, usually with as little work as possible, as to where teachers would more than likely want as much work as possible. Sure it can be difficult but, there are many reasons why teacher-designed summer projects would work better. Because teachers are more experienced with designing summer projects, they know what is needed to help students construct a great project. Teachers can also assist in giving pointers to how students can be more engaged with their projects. As difficult as it might seem, the challenges that teachers set for students, actually help benefit in teaching students the material.

Teachers have organized many summer projects throughout their years of teaching. They are more qualified to organize them because, they know what material students struggle with and they know how to make the information stick. Teachers have lots of experience with helping students create summer projects, therefore, should be the people who organize them. While the work may seem tedious and difficult at times, teachers are simply just trying to assist in helping you gain the knowledge and understand it. By giving students a lot of work, teachers are helping them learn not only the information being attained from the project but also, how to manage their time efficiently. Teachers understand that when students are working in a time frame, they have a better understanding of how to manage their time to work efficiently and get everything done before the due date. Experienced teachers can guide students in how to manage their time, get everything done, and still have time to spare. It is because of experienced teachers that students have been able to construct outstanding summer projects.

Teachers strive to engage their students in their work. If a student is engaged, they are more likely to succeed. Teachers engage students by designing summer projects in a way that interests them. A student who is engaged in their project is more likely to receive a good grade than a student who showed no interest in it at all. Teachers typically try to stick to things that inspire all students equally, they try not to lean towards a specific influence as to remain unbiased. Students have many different interests which is why student-organized projects would be beneficial. A teacher with a good understanding of their student's likes and dislikes can better organize a project that will help students be engaged. Keeping students engaged is a difficult, but manageable, task and while not every teacher can do it, they all try.

Challenges are another thing teachers set up for their students in attempt to help them better understand the material. Challenges can motivate students into working their hardest and trying their best. While some may argue that challenging work actually causes students to be less inclined to do summer projects, it actually motivates them more. Statistics show that students who are challenged receive better grades than those who are not. If students were to organize a summer project, they would more than likely leave out any form of a challenge, students would much rather have free time than work on a summer project and that would lead to students designing an easy summer project that requires little effort. Teachers on the other hand, give students lots of work so they can gain the information in a much better way. Summer projects aren't made to take up all your free time, they are made to make sure the information that was being taught during school actually stuck and that students fully understand it. Teachers who challenge their students are the teachers with the highest passing scores.

Teachers can organize a summer project better than students because they are highly experienced in doing so. Teachers find ways to engage and challenge their students which leads to a higher passing rate. So while student-designed projects can be fun and easy, it's more effective when summer projects are teacher-designed. The biggest problem with teacher-designed projects is that not every teacher or student is the same, However teacher-designed projects are said to be more successful than student-designed projects. They are not always fun, but they are always effective. Teachers are always working to help students gain information and be successful in life. So next time you have a summer project and you want it to be student-designed, think about all the things your teachers do to make sure you are going to be successful. It isn't supposed to be easy, and it isn't always going to be fun, but as long as you learn the information, it will always be beneficial.