One of the reasons is that there could be very sick poeple you go by and it might make you sick and sad to see that poeple are sick. Or it could be dead bodies floating in the ocean which might smell bad and make you sick to your stomach. Also feading farm life That will make you STINKY and smell bad. Also where does the "waste" goanyway do they throw it off the edge of the ship? or leave it there?

I would not want to live there for two weeks it would be smelly nasty gross and disgusting.

The ride would be long also I would be very homesick i would miss my family my friends and pets. Also what happens if you crash you you float out to see or get rescued or drown or live on to tell the tale? What would happen to the animals? would THEY drown or THEY float away or They survive or you could get eaten by sharks!

Or get impaled by a storms debrie or get very very SICK! or even worse someone kills you. Now I wouldnt want to be on THAT boat.

For my second to final papagraph I would 1 Not want to get sick. 2 I would not wanna get killed. 3 I would not want to get impaled by debrie. 5 I would not want to get eaten alive. 6 I would not want to see sick or dead poeple on my trip 7 I would not want to crash and get stranded 8 I would not like o drown 9 I would miss my family friends and pets. 10 I would not like to eat rotten or smelly food or drinks.

What would happen if you have to eat the animals then no more food for the poeple who need it and it would be cruel and you cant drink plain ocean water it needs to be distilled and run out of water faster. And if you fall over board you could get left behind or get saved and live to tell the tale or get thrown overboard or get eaten by animals or if the animals die then they get thrown over board and it would be wierd and gross seing animals being pulled along by the current.

So in conclusion I would not want to join the "Sea Cowboys"

or any thing envolving the sea i get very seasick easily around oceananic trips around large oceans/or large lakes. I also have had abd experiences with lakes and even channels. So i know that i would not want to go out on a two week trip on a boat...over a ocean.....where i could die.