CHANGE THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE!!! The Electoral College needs to either stop or change. There been so much that have happen over the years. For example, the  Gallup poll in 2000, right Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency. Which i didn't understand because, he won the vote's but lost the presidency. Over 60 percent of voters would perfer a direct election, like the one we have today. There are so many wrong things with the Electoral College. Under this system, voters vote not for the president, but for the state of electors. which who  in turn elect the president. For example, if u lived in texas, and wanted to vote for John Kerry, you dont vote for a slate of 34 democratic electors pledged to Kerry. Another thing is the disaster factor. The disaster factor is when the american people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century. The system also allows for much worse. Basically the system want's to see us fail. If the system would realize how bad there hurting us and making us feel like our  vote doesn't matter. For example, again the 2000 scandle with the votes for president. We voted for this guy and he won most of the votes from the states but the Electoral College desided to give it to the other guy. Some of us just don't get how that works. What happen in 2000 have me to think that, maybe there are some sercet's that the us is not telling us, because they dont know  how we are going  to respond.

There is probably a lot of things that would get a lot of people in trouble. What happen in the 2000 should open a lot of eyes right now. This world is so crazy today. We are trillion of doolars in debt probably because of the stupid disicions that the electoral college made on that day. Reading  this article, it said that the Electoral College is widely regarded as an Anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner, but what happen in 2000, it didn't go that way, they said how they pick the president. They made a big mistake, that we are paying for right now. They say the winner takes all but the winner in 2000 didn't really win. After reading this, i do not stand behind the electoral college.    