My step sister, Generic_Name, use to do online classes from our home because she suffers from a physical illness that doesn't allow her body to produce enough blood cells. Because my step sisters body does't produce enough blood cells this effects her body to get tired very quickly. Generic_Name can't stand up for long amounts of time and can't preform as much physical activity as others. When Generic_Name preforms too much physical activity, that her body cant obtain, she will get very light-headed and feel as if she's going unconscious. If Generic_Name puts her body at too much physical risk, she could possibly have a seizure. Online classes were very beneficial for my step sister, Generic_Name, because it allowed her to be at rest when learning. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. This is a very beneficial to those who suffer any kind of mental or physical illness and to those who have a busy schedule. Although, others believe the youth is too irresponsible to hold themselves accountable for such a tremendous responsibility, and is not beneficial for students.

The opportunity for students to attend online classes or video conferencing from home can be beneficial to those who suffer any sort of mental or physical illness. Both mental and physical illnesses come with a unique everyday battle, for the individuals who suffer from them. Some students suffer from mental illness's like: PTSD, Anxiety, Bipolar, and Depression. When a student suffers from a mental illness and attends a public school it can be extremely difficult to cope. Depression is a mental illness that affects someones thoughts and feelings to occur as more negative. In some cases, depression can affect someone physically. Someone who suffers from depression and attends a public school can face daily difficulties, like, getting out of bed in the morning for school and participating in class. When I was in the eighth grade, I had to transfer out of my public school, Generic_School. I transferred out of Generic_School and instead received my eighth grade education through online classes. I took online classes from home. Attending Generic_School was a difficult responsibility for me at the time because I was in a very depressive state of mind. When taking online classes and being home schooled, I had plenty of extra time to slowly pull myself out of the depressive mindset that I was suffering from. I pulled myself out of this depressive mindset, by using my extra time going to therapy and receiving medication to improve the negative thoughts and feelings that I had towards myself and life. Online classes benefited me because I learned all of the eighth grade circular that I needed to at a pace that was comfortable for me and my mental health at the time.

Students who take classes online or video conferencing from home can be beneficial to those who have a busier schedule. Some children have busier and more complicated lives compared to others. For example, some children are raised in households that their parent guardian struggles financially. When a child is raised into a financially struggling household, he or she will busy themselves by working a full-time job. A child who is raised into a household like this will work full-time because they will do anything it takes for them to be financially stable on their own in their future. A child who works a full-time job, typically doesn't have enough time out of his or hers day to attend a public school. But, he or she will have the opportunity of having extra time to prepare themselves for their future. In a hypothetical situation like this, online classes and video conferencing from home would be very beneficial to students who are born into households were they have no choice but to busy themselves and to be an independent because they can't be dependent on their parent guardian.

Although, others believe that distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by online or video conferencing is not beneficial. Others believe that distance learning wouldn't be beneficial for students because the youth is too irresponsible of holding themselves accountable for having such a tremendous responsibility. My freshmen year, I had a very close friend, Generic_Name, Generic_Name was a trouble maker at school. Because Generic_Name was a trouble maker at school, her parents thought that public school was not the best place for her to receive an education. Therefore, Generic_Name took online classes at home. Online classes tend to be a very tedious and a independent responsibility that requires a ton of focus and self-control. Generic_Name did not have these qualities. Because Generic_Name took online classes from home and obtained the qualities of having no focus and no self control, she did not take her online classes as seriously as she needed to. During the times that Generic_Name was supposed to be focused with her online circular, she was more focused on boys and going out to parties. Distance learning was not beneficial to Generic_Name because she was too irresponsible to have such a tremendous responsibility that she was supposed to hold her accountable for.

In conclusion, depending on who and how someones personal life is, distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conference. This can be tremendously beneficial to those who suffer from any kind of mental or physical illness and those who have a busy schedule.