Sometimes we need advice, and asking one person for advice just doesn't provide you with the right advice you are in need of. When we ask more than one person it can benefit us, because each answer is so diverse and it is seen from a different perspective. When its one person, you only hear their bit of advice, and sometimes you need a little something more. So, lets jump in so I can tell you how getting advice from more than one person is better than just one.

Advice is a very important thing that everyone needs in their life, at least once even if it's for something good, or something bad. Adivce can change our take on things, because it can change the way we do things, or not. We get the best advice when we ask more than one person, because you can look through someone elses perspective and see how they see you, and how you act. Sometimes you get a various amounts of good advice, and some bad advice. When you ask more than one person, you can get a lot of good feedback therefore, you could have a lot good advice to use, whcih is another benefit of asking multiple people for advice.

Sometimes to recieve good advice, it is all in who you ask, because maybe asking people your age or younger may not be the right people to ask but older people may be the right ones, and vise versa. Here is a good example of asking one person versus many people for advice. When trasforming from child teen, we need advice about what's happening and what to do and what not to do. In this case older people would be the people to ask, because they have been through it and they probably have made the same mistakes as you, therefore that would be their expertise. For younger people you could ask advice on what clothes to pick for school and other easier things that they'd be better at advising you with. You can always ask as many people as you want, because everyone is different, and different people have different answers that can help you out.

Not only the age of the people you ask matters but how they act. If they are a bad influence on people, you should definitely not ask those types of people for advice, because they could lead you in the wrong direction. Look for people you know will be helpful and who will try to point you in the right direction to get you on the right road. Stray away from asking mischeveous people, and go for people who try to do good things. Asking a lot of good people is better than asking bad ones. It is always good start with adults when asking for advice, because they were kids once too, and they may know a lot even if they didn't grow up in the same generation. Many grew up differently, and the different responses can come in handy.

In the end we realize asking multiple people for advice even if they are young or old, is the way to go, because it will benefit you the most. Whatever the advice you need may be, asking many is the beneficial thing to do. So next time you are in need of advice remember these key things to look for and follow, then ask away. Remember the more people the more answers, the more you'll understand the advice, and the better decision you will make. This is why asking multiple people versus one is the right way to ask advice.                                       