Dear State Senator,

Good day Senator,My name is Adrian and im a resident of this state. I wrote this letter to let you know,I think you should change the system up. I think the electoral college is a bad idea because it is not good at determining the winner. The electoral college is good but its alot of work to find out who wins the President and Vice President seat. The electoral college is also a big complicated system that can techanical mess up someones chances of winning. The electoral college is basically us voting for electors,not the president. The electoral college is not a good system to use beccause just like the article "The Indefensible Electoral College" says "Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate?". What do we do then, we can't take back our vote. This is how some presidents win without even knowing we messed up on voting.

In Addition to my idea about removing the Electoral College, I think its a bad idea because the electoral college is not a good determing the winner. A prime example of why the electoral college is a bad idea is when Al Gore lost the election in 2000 against Bush. It is stated that Al Gore had won the popular vote but lost when it came to electoral college he lost. It is said that over 60 of thoses voters wanted or prefered a direct election instead of the electoral college system. The Article"In Defense of the electoral college" states things that good about the Electoral College like "The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candiate receives a majority of the votes cast."This is a example of that statement is Nixion in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 plurality of the popular votes,while winning a majority in Electoral College. The Electoral College is still a democratic in many peoples eyes and mines.

The Electoral College will always give a advantage on the outcome of the winner. The state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors and thaat those electors could always the will of the people. The electoral college is is unfair,outdated, and irrational in the united states. Most say the electoral college is good because its keeps favortizm away but it really just adds it to the election. The direct election is way more simple and easy to find out who wins. I send you this letter to see if you would think about taking it out, but i know you probably won't see this.

From Adrian,    