Dear Florida senator,

I strongly agree of keeping the Electoral College for the use of the congress' approval for the newly President of 2016. The Electoral College has a lengthy process, but can come in good use of determining the new President. Citizens vote for the electors and the electors decide who's best for the country. Even though, there are claims about the Electoral College not being fair for the people, I still defend it because it has it's good factors, like Run-off Elections,the requirement that a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal for the people, and the resoring weight of the eletoral number by population.

As so you know, the Electoral College is a process of the selction of the electors, then the gathering of electors to vote for the president and vice president. Finally, the electoral votes by the Congress. When the electors pick the president, they look at their background, such as, what school they attend, what they studied, where they were born, etc. They pick someone they trust to do the job. When there is a Run-off Election, the House Of Representatives picks the president. I personally think this is a good thing because they picked the person who would do best in the job by gathering everyone's vote to decide it. Because no country could have two presidents with two vice presidents. Some may say it's unjustice or not fair because the House Of Representatives decides the whole election. There is also the fact that when determining the winner, they both look at the popular votes and the electoral votes, and they see who got the most electoral votes and they win the election.

The Electoral College  puts it simple, because they choose someone with a region where they most likely get the most electoral votes. For example, Romney was in the South region, and he knows he wouldn't have to do much there because of that was where he was currently from. Now lets compare that to someone that was in the area around North Dakota. He would most likely not win that many votes since it's only three electoral numbers. So the Electoral College gives a chance for the president they chose to win because of where they used to be located in order to get the most popular and electoral votes.

The Electoral College restores and reduces some of the weight of the electoral by its population. Smalls states aren't widely noticed by the president because they feel like they should concentrated in the big states because of there electoral votes. Still, small states tend to make it easier for them because they look at if the state was either Republican or Democrac during the past years and they take note of that. They know they'll win in those states, even though they are small numbers, every inch of it counts to help them win the title of President.

Therefore, Mister Sentor, I agree in keeping the Electoral Vote because of it's reasonable factors that can help the president win. Popular vote doesn't tell anything because the people would know nothing about the president or what he accomplished. It should be kept because it has been used for many years now and has been useful for every president to win.

To Whom I Name,

V.                                