NASA thinks that it was made by the planet being made because aliens do not exist. You can not just guess at how it was made. This is why NASA thinks you are wrong. Aliens could not have made this because they do not exist, it would take a long time to make anything that scale, and it would take them years to make.

Aliens could not have made the face becasue they do not exist. This is why NASA thinks this. Aliens would have to have good construction and excavtion equipment. As you would say, they don't need that stuff they just built it. However, there is no physicaly possible way that they could have made it without the equipment. In order to build they would need this equipment. All together aliens could not have made this because they are not capable and do not exist.

Aliens could not have made the face because it would take a long time to make anything that scale. Here is why they could not have done it. They don't have the capablities to make anything like the face on Mars. The people that think otherwise would say that it isn't a natural land form. However, NASA scientist where comparing it to other natural landforms. That is why NASA thinks that it is impossible for the aliens to make anything to that scale.

Aliens could not have made the face becasue it would take to long. Here is why NASA is proving facts. This is not possible in any shape, way, or form because it would take over 300 years to do so. You would say that the aliens just bulit it as we bulid buliding today. But, they would have to have constrcution workers working every single day for this to happen and that is why NASA says it is impossible. Together that is why I do not think is is possible.

In conclusion, aliens do not exist, do not have cababilatlies to make anything to that scale, and it would take to long that is why aliens could not have made this face. People get their hopes up about things to easily that is why NASA does not think any of this is even near possible. It would be better if NASA told evryone the full truth.