When making decisions people often look to others for advice. Whether the decision be where to go for lunch or something that would alter your life people seek others opinion. Often times going to more than one person to get advice can be a very beneficial thing to do. Getting more than one opinion can be very helpful since it gives you more outlook on the question at hand. By asking more than one person you get multiple sides of your situation, their past experience in doing something similar, and in the end you will be more confident in your final choice.

Going to other for advice can really open your eyes to all sides of your dilemma. Perhaps you want to apply to a school and are having a hard time deciding whether to apply or not. Asking someone who may have gone to that school or had experience with something like that would be helpful because they know what its like. Then for another opinion talk to someone close to you like a friend or a family member to see if they think it would be a good fit for you specifically. These people also may see things that you dont in a situation. Seeing multiple sides of the decision in question really helps to make a clear decision.

Some of the people you would want to talk to probably have more experience than you do. This would be optimal considering they have already gone through something very similar and know which choices have a bad outcome. A family member, close friend, or anyone you trust really would be a good option for this. If they are older than you its likely they had to make some similar decision and will relate to you and your situation and try their best to help aid you in making a good choice. These people that have more experience in life and are willing to help you really make the difference and help you make the best choice possible.

After asking all these people and taking into consideration all of their opinions there should be a pretty clear final decision. Since you've asked all of these people you should be able to confidently make a good choice that will benefit you. Going into something like a job or a try out is optimal for success. All in all more opinions makes a stronger and more sound conclusion to the problem at hand.

An example of this from my past experience would be when I tried out for junior varsity softball at Generic_School. I wasnt sure if trying out was gonna benefit me at all considering i'm in 8th grade and many of the girls out there have many more years of experience. I went to my dad for advice since he played junior varsity and has also seen me play. In his opinion he didnt think I should try out because its a lot to take on during 8th grade. Then I went to some of my friends for their opinion on it and they gave me the confidence to go and try out. Right now Im on the softball team and very happy with the choice I made to try out.

In conclusion, asking more than one person for their opinion on a problem is very beneficial. By asking more people you can see all different sides of the question. These people have different experiences which could cause them to see things that you cant. Having all of these different sides should make it so your final decision is something you can be happy and confident with.