Have you ever wondered what someone else was feeling on the inside? With the introduction of the Facial Action Coding System; this allows you to do just that by having it interpate someone's facial expressions, and then having it respond back with a variety of emotions from that specific person. The Facial Action Coding System should be enabled across the United States since the mechanism allows you to figure out what someone is feeling at a given time and since it allows an instructor to make alternative lessons if their students are proven bored from FACS.

Firstly, the FACS does not allows students to hide themselves and pretend to be someone they are not. The FACS will pick up emotions that a student is feeling and teachers, parents, and or consoulers will be able to get the help that that particular student aqquires. "To an expert, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politicain or celebrity isn't being truthful." This same concept can work with students too. If a student is giving off a false emotion than that student really feels; the FACS can determine the actual emotion the student is feeling. If teachers and parents realize the actual feelings and emotions someone feels, he or she will be able to provide more comfort in the act of helping towards that individual.

Secondly, the Facial Action Coding System can change the way lessons are tought to make them more encaging and exciting for students. If the FACS picks up that students are bored out of their minds; instructors will be able to change the lesson for future students so that they are paying attention and actual learning from the lesson. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." and "then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This example from the text illustrates that the FACS will have have a trememdous effect on students' learning capabilities in a good way because with the FACS; instructors can modify their lessons so that students can obtain information better and learn more from their class. If the students are learning more from classes with the effect of FACS; this world will have a brighter future because the students now across American are the world's future, and with brighter students comes a brighter future.

In conclusion, FACS should be incooperated in all classrooms nation wide because how many times are a kid did you tell you parents at the dinner table that you did not learn anything at school? With the FACS that topic at dinner can be changed because the FACS can modify lessons if the students are bored or confused so that students develop more information in a days work at school. The able to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is also valuble because if a student is struggling with mental problems, rather than being bored or confused, the FACS can detect what he or she is feeling and that particular student can get the help he or she needs to succeed in life. As one can see, the FACS would be an incredible improvement in all classrooms across American and over seas because with the effects of the FACS students will be able to learn and take away more from a lesson than before.  