Dear Senator,

Good day, I am writing this letter to let you know it's time for things to change. I have been reading and researching the Electoral College and i have a strong opinion on it. As you know, the Electoral College is a process when all five hundred and thirty eight electors vote on electors and defenders. This way of voting for electors lets the people have no say in whose running our goverment! Our goverment should not allow or be based on "the winner takes all" method. When we choose for OUR president we should be able to choose OUR electors too! Under the 23rd amendment of the constitution, the District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the electoral college. The electors shouldnt be chosen by the canidate's political party, we should choose. By voting for a president every four years a new party of electors have already been selected to run with him and we dont get any say. After the presidential election, your governer creates a list of all the canidates that ran for president in your state with a list of their representative electors. This is later sent to Congress and the National Archives as part of the official records of the presidential election.

Richard Nixon, Bob Dole, Jimmy Carter, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all agree that we need to remove and forget about the electoral college. This year our voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could lose the presidency. Still the electoral college still has defenders fror themselves is crazy. Facts say voters arent actually voting for the president, but for a group of electors who in turn elect the president, and that is ridiculous. How are we supposed to trust these electors if we dont even know who they are and their background until after the election? Who even are these electors i wondered. I figured out that all the electors are actually anyone with a brain and not holding a public office, fantastic. So how do i know they are reliable and going to do whats best for my state and our country? Voters dont even control whom their electors vote for most of the time which is kind of scary. Some electors are even faithless in their party's canidate so they dont even vote for them at all! How can we rely on a group of people who dont rely on their party?

As much as I hate to say it, there most definitley is an upside to the Electoral College. The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that needs to be overruled by declaring the canidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. I personally think that is the best way to decide who gets in. Each party selects a slate of electors that are trusted to vote for the party's nominee. Sometimes the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. Another reason The Electoral College is a positive way of voting is how certain the outcome is. There is never failure in the counting of the votes and there us rarely a tie between two people. My favorite reason is because "everybody is president". This means everybody can make their own decisions and have a great amount of freedom.

Even though im all for removing the Electoral College there is positives too. In a few years when i am able to vote, i will be careful of who I vote for and make sure that there is great electors in the party i vote for.                              