To Principal,

I think that policy one is a better policy, because if as long as we don't have our cell phones out in class then we should be able to have them out during free time and lunch time. But with cell phones not being aloud to be on in school or used makes the students want to have them out in class. So if you were to allow them only in free time or lunch, then i think that students wouldn't have to bring them out in class. They could just have them in free time. But the more the students cant have them out at all then the more there just going to use them in class, when they are supposed to be learning they will be texting on their phones or on the internet instead. That could make them fail whatever grade their in and have to retake it the next year.

If you would allow cell phones, maybe the students will appreciate their learning more and actually want to do assignments and tests instead of having their cell phones out. So if you think about it, it might just be better to allow them then to obey them. I sure would hope that you will rethink this over because i am pretty sure you don't want to have to deal with these students again next year. But its all up to you.

I do really think that it would be way better to allow them because sometimes in class , my friends and i have our cell phones out i mean what student wouldn't? But some students only do it like once or twice like me but other they will just have it out all the time in every class and not pay attention. So that just makes them fail and have to redo everything all over.

Allowing cell phones only in free time and lunch's would possibly change some of the students grades and attitudes. They could use them when their not in class and at lunch. Instead of in class and everywhere else. I am pretty sure that most of the teachers have their phones out so that just gives the ok to students to take out their's.

What i am really trying to say is that you should allow them not obey them. So if you would take a second and reconsider this then it would make all the students plus me HAPPY !

So please just reconsider. Thank you .