Dear Principal

Students should be required to clean the community that reason is because half of the garbage is there's they need to be helping and cleaning up there mess not so others can do it for them plus it is good exercise and u still get to hang out with your friends. So yes i do think that students should be helping out by picking u garbage so ti can help the community and help the planet and make are school a little more better than what it is. By helping the community i think that we can make the environment around the school better such as other places at home.

Cleaning up are litter will help with the problems at home u get to hang with your friends and you get to help the environment, it doesn't take time from anything cause you still get to hang with your friends play games and still have fun with the whole school.

We can help the community in so many ways exercising , cleaning up the garbage doing a lot to help the community now that there has been a oil spill we can help those animals in need give them a brand new life.

The tools we have today will make it better especial now that we have tons of students here and maybe those who help can have extra credit or meet new friends or maybe have new friends that we didn't even know we had in the school that existed because we hang out with the same people we made friends with. So cleaning up the school will not only help the school , but the wildlife, kids who are over weight and do not get out as much as your suppose to , help kids get along and share what they have in common. It will also give are school a better name than what it is and raise more money for schools equipment and uniforms. You might even have you parents come out and watch, just be helping out a little can make a big difference.

The school needs to be cleaned and it needs to be done , You have free time so why don't we just help out a little and make a change in the community just a little will help everyone in need. we can have are sisters are family have a good time.      