Driverless cars are new, advanced forms of technology. Manufacturers seem to be getting closer and closer to an improved and completely driverless car. They have different advantages and are very convenient. This may be the new innovation that everyone raves about. I think having driverless cars is a great idea and a huge milestone.

Driverless cars have come a long way, and sensors have become more advanced with time. The sensors can now detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. This is very beneficial to the driver because he or she may not know how to respond or react to these kinds of dangerous situations. The sensors enable the car to apply brakes on the seperate wheels and decrease the power from the engine, which allows a better responce and more control than the human driver could manage. More improvements on this technology will bring safer and more durable cars, which will increase the number of driving taskes on their own.

Even though most cars aren't completely driverless, many improvements and innovations allow the driverless cars to evolve and become more intriguing. For example, BMW developed the "Traffic Jam Assistant." This car could handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph. This car also had special touch sensors to ensure the driver holds onto the wheel. Having cars that aren't fully driverless allows the driver to remain alert, so they can take over when there is a situation. This is a great thing about these cars. There are driver seats that vibrate when the car is in danger of backing into something. The Google car announces when the driver should take over. Other cars might have flashing lights or other signals that warn the driver to take control of the vehicle.

Driverless cars have come a long way and are still in the process of being perfected. New, developed features have different advantages such as the advanced sensors that repsond to dangerous situations and the signals that allow the reader to remain alert. Overall, I think that driverless cars are a major innovation and can be very effectful and beneficial for drivers. 