Dear Miss. Principal,

I was informed of your latest decision on a new school policy, being a student at the school that it would effect, I believe it is my duty and right to pose my opinion. You suggested that all students that wish to participate in sports or other school related activities must obtain at least a B average.

Well i believe this would be a great policy, if we, the students, didn't have to partake in all the practices or meetings. Going to the practices and attending all the meetings is a requirement to obtain your membership to the group or team in most cases. Being obligated to be present at these events ruptures the time we have to study. In order to hold good grades, you have to be able to prepare for the assessments that will be given to us, which counts a lot towards our final average. If you strongly believe this is a good policy to enforce, you must allow a bend in the academics then.

When you give more students the chance to be a part of something, you gain a better ratio of the school succeeding. When the School succeeds in certain sports and clubs the school will gain recognition, good recognition. Along with the recognition, we could win money, money is always good for schools because there is always something that can be bettered with the appropriate amount of funding.

Also, giving students that may be struggling the chance to be a part of a sport or club could spark a greater interest in them. It could inspire them to set higher goals for themselves and to encourage them to do better. Joining a school sport or other activity may give them a desire to pursue what they are doing in that sport or club. Say someone becomes a part of the robotics club, they grow to love what they are getting the chance to do. because they love it they may grow up to me an engineer.

If we are not given the opportunities, we may never know. Not knowing what we can excel at may cause a life of insecurities. Do want to be the one held responsible for something like that?

Concerned,

STUDENT_NAME      