I believe talking to more then one person is the best thing you can do if you need advice. Although it can be difficult to talk to people for advice, I believe that it can help you deeply. And now here are some reasons why you should talk to one or more people if you need advice.

The first reason is multiple opinions, because it can help you have better and more advice if you have multiple opinions. For example when i needed help with a deciding if i should still be friends with some people. I asked my dad and my siblings for advice, my dad told me that if they dont make me feel good then I should not be friends with them. On the other hand my siblings told me that I should be friends with them because they said that I had so much fun with them and good times. Then I had to make a decision, and it was a tough decision but I ended up still being friends with them, the reason i stayed friends with them was because we had very good times and I did not want that to end. So me and my friends apologized to each other and we became friends again.

Having multiple opinions is important, but also just having someone to talk to can be just as important for having advice.

The next reason is having someone to talk to, this can help you for multiple reasons like getting better advice and being happy. For example my cousin Generic_Name was acting very strangely and I knew something was wrong, so I asked him what was wrong and he did not want to tell me anything. So then i asked my dad about Generic_Name and he said he is probably going through some stuff and that I should give him some space. So I did, after a couple weeks I started noticing that he was feeling better and I asked him what was wrong. And he told me that he was stressed out because he had a lot off projects due. Then I asked him how did you feel better and he told me that he talked to his mom and teachers to find a solution. Although he was stressed out and he did not want to talk to people he did talk to people and it got better.

Having someone to talk to is very important for advice but just making better decisions from having multiple peoples advice is just as important.

The final reason is making better decisions, making better decisions can impact your life majorly. For example I saw this TV show named beyond scared straight, and it was about kids who have done bad things that go to jail for a day, and they talk to inmates and see how making bad decision can lead you into jail. Then on one of the episodes there was a kid named Generic_Name, and he was on beyond scared straight, and after seeing the jail and getting advice from the inmates, officers and other people he still ended up in jail. So then more kids came into the jail and saw Generic_Name, and Generic_Name gave them advice and all the kids were scared because one small mistake could lead you in to jail. and after that none of the other kids there got into jail, because they made the right decision from Generic_Name's and other people's advice.

Making the best decisions are very important, but know lets take a review.

In conclusion, I believe that talking to more then one person is the best thing you can do for advice. There are many reasons for having more then one person to talk to for advice. Like having multiple opinions and having someone to talk to and just by making the best decision that you can make.                