I think that we should keep the

Electoral College because changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States can be bad. It can be bad because if majority of the people pick a president and he's not a good president and they are just picking him to pick him then he might not be a good president , he might just be popular aka well known. We should keep the Electoral College because it is fair and it is going by all of the votes , not just the popular votes.

"The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes, is required to elect the President."

Which means it is a non-democratic method. When you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors. The Electoral College has a better chance of having an outcome than the popular votes. "

In 2012's election, for example, Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney."

Which means the Electoral College is a much more trustworthy system than the popular vote. Electoral College has something called

"Swing States''

Swing states are states that often pay close attention to the campaign and they really listen to the competing campaign. They are the most thoughtful voters and the most thoughtful ones should be the ones to decide on everything.

"At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states"

That is incorrect because the electoral college pays close attention to every state to see which ones would be good to pick. The Popular States says that the electoral College system is out of date and lame , The Electoral College avoids run off elections unlike the popular vote system. I am ending my claim by saying we should keep the electoral college because it is a more organized system.    