Dear State Sentor,

First off, I disagree with the Electoral College. I have a strong hope that we need to change to election by popular vote for president. The Electoral College is a process of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress (office of the federal Register 2). In source two it announces that the electoral college is an unfair way to votes. In my opinion I agree strongly with that statement because not everyone would get a fair oppurtunity.

Secondly, everyone has the right to voice their opinion on who they want to elect as president. With the Electoral College we wouldn't be able to voice our opinion as because as Source 2 explains that if you have Electoral College system the voters would vote for a slate of electors, but not for president. The state of electors would be the ones to elect the president. Therefore the people wouldnt get a voice to vote only the 29 people in Florida-shown on the map in source 3-not the whole state which makes it not an equal oppurtinuty to everyone who lives in that state.

Next, when having Electoral College instead of population vote the picked voters could pick someone wrong. In source two it mentions that sometimes the senator could vote for the wrong person sometimes and not always can they control their vote. To add on to that the electoral college is the "disaster factor". The reason that it is the diaster factor is because the state legislatures are responsible for picking the electors and they could pick everyone thats agasinst a certain president and that the "better" president isn't picked and has a chance of our state being ruined.

Finally, my fellow friends of the State Senator I persuade you in choosing to change electing the president to popular vote instead of continuing on with the Electoral College method. In the United States we need to have a fair way of allowing everyone to vote therefore please help me in choosing to change the electon to popular vote.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME    