In the article the author tells that even though there is alot of dangerous challenges in exploring venus and that he is willing to face them challenges. In paragraph 2 the author starts out saying how venus is earth's twin and that venus is the closest planet to us in terms of density and size. In the body paragrpah i am going to talk about the challenges author states in the story about venus, NASA's asspects on venus and how we can deal with these problems.

In this paragrpah i am going to talk about the challenges author states in the story about venus,

NASA's asspects on venus and how we can deal with these problems. Some challenges the author says that venus is thowing at us is that venus has a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide that is covering the planet. In paragraph the the author also states that venus is on average 800 degrees Fahrenheit, that is hotter than mars and mars is the closest planet to the sun. The author also states that the atmosherpic pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on earth. If the earth had that muh atmospheric pressure than there would be no one left on this planet because that is so much pressure that it can crush a submarine. Beyond high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes to land on its surface. Next, i am going to talk about how NASA asspects on venus. Some thing that NASA is saying is that there only possible solution for how hot it is and how much pressure is in the air is that with these hostile conditions that venus shoudl allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 miles above the rolling Venusain landspace, with that venus would avoid the unfriendly group conditions by staying up and out of the way. The temperatures over the ground would still be 170 degrees fahrenheit, but the pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. These conditons are not easy, but thye are surviable for human's. Finnally i am gonna talk about how we can solve the high pressure and high temperature. The first way we can solve these conditions are if we started having people go and live on venus and took some other living organisms with them. The second way we could solve it is if we found away to connect venus to earth and that would take away all ot the problems.

I would have to agree more with NASA's ideas on how to solve the problems venus is dealing with. i agree with the author it is just i don't think his idea's will wokr as well. One day i think we will be able to live on Venus and have it connected to Earth. In this essay i told you about about the challenges author states in the story about venus, NASA's asspects on venus and how we can deal with these problems. 