Do you think aliens exsist? The face has been said to be a natural landform or made by aliens. The face has been told from different perspectives. Conspiracy theorists thinks NASA wants to hide the face, when they really dont. There's different stand points for different topics.

The Face on Mars is a mystery because we dont know if the face is there or is it shadows. In my opinion I think that the face is a natural landform like the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. the face has also been seen as a pop icon, it has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, and radio talk shows. Defenders of the national budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars. Maybe there is life maybe there's not who knows for sure.

Eighteen long years after Viking missions, we sent up the Global Surveyor. Once the it was in place for a good shot we took it ten times which were sharper than the viking photos. After the photos were posted on the web there was no congergations about aliens anymore. It was proven to be a natural landform after all. But not everyone was satisfied with the pictures.

The Face on mars is located at 41 degrees north martian lattitude where it was winter in April '98--a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet. People still thought that it was an alien making that was hidden in the clouds. The team got another great look at it with the clearest view ever on a summer day and snapped a photo. The photo actually showed the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. Still think its real or not?

In my opinon I believe the Face is real. Others might argue that its still something crated by aliens. Especially sense it was clearified as a butte or mesa. No matter what its an opinon based topic that you can argue about all day. The real question is what do you think?

In conclusion there has been plenty of research and examinations on the Face of Mars. I still think that the Face is real, others might think differently. This topic can go both ways in opinon wise. Think wise about this topic. Consider talking about it with coleagues and come up with a conclusion for this topic.