Perhaps you are trying to decide which college or university you should go to or what outfit you should wear to a high school graduation. After pondering between your variables, you would ask your family, friends, or mentors for their opinions so you can make better choices. People sometimes talk to more than one person when seeking advice, to make a better choice. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone come to a smarter decision because of the variety of opinions that they are given, and an individual choice you can make out of those opinions.

When you ask for opinions on which university you should go to after your high school graduation, the answers between your parents and the answers from your friends might be different. Your parents could say that UVA is better than a college in New York or California because its close to home. They could also say that UVA is instate, which means its less expensive. Meanwhile, your friend might say that the college in New York is better than UVA, because you get to experience the freedom of living in a completely new place while making your own decisions. They could say that places like New York and California is way more fun than staying in your hometown. When you ask for advice from multiple people instead of just one person, you get a variety of opinions and perspectives to help you to make the right decision.

When you are given multiple opinions on the choice you are trying to make, like which university you should go to, you gain more information on both of the schools your trying to decide between. All of that information helps you to find what you want out of a school. When given multiple opinions, you can decide if your willing to live with all that freedom and responsibility in somewhere like New York City, and if your ready for it. Or you can confirm to yourself that your not ready to leave to somewhere completely different and far away, and you can't afford an out of state university. Those opinions can help you eliminate a variable, by thinking, "Am I ready for what that person is advising?" Ultimately, you are making your own decision, with others helping you realize your strengths and weaknesses, and what your opinion is.

Through the advice and opinions that you receive from multiple people, you can decide and make a better choice individually. Each person that you ask for advice to will answer differently, and out of all of those opinions, you can create your own opinion and find out what variable is better for you. Other peoples opinions are helping you decide and realize what you want out of something, so you can make a better choice.             