The story about "Making Mona Lisa Smile" describe how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enable computers to indentify humans emotion by writing a essay arguing weather the use of this technology or to read the emotional expression ?

Will I think by using this technology if it bring a smile to my face while it shows how much this computer can do. Then I might have to get it. Like if the computer no if im happy or sad in my emotion then thats a be a good feeling I dont know why but it will. A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. So if you confused on something the computer could help or figure it out for you . I think its good because if the teacher is helping another students work the computer could help the kids or whoever.

So I think it will be good for students to get a smart computer like that so when you do need help like that or feeling disgusted or fearful the computer will help. Like on her last asignment she could feel not knowing how to do things .Then you can calculate emotions like the math homework . In the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face in if you dont know how to work a app it will show you .

But one reason why I dont know about it because one day you can be mad in not let no one know . Or want somebody to know whats going on with you. So I think thats probably one reason . Then you might not want help or want people seeing your emotion even the teacher. so thats the reason I probably would'nt get on the computer for that reason or some people probably just dont like the setting to it or probably want think its useful..

But last I think its valuable in someways in school or at home . Sometimes people dont know whats wrong with they body. They can get right on the computer in so the computer could tell them like your despress or things like thats . So I think its a good learning envoirment for the kids in grown ups . So thats some reason why I thi nk its valuable. 