"It's offcial: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational" (Plumer, Source 2). Many do not like the electoral college for these reasons and many others such as it can be a distaster or because it is just plain dumb. Also there are a few reasons why the electoral college should be kept such as avoiding run-off elections or big states, but those not in favor of it out weigh those in favor of it. The people who despise the electoral college are in favor of popular vote since it is the better choice.

For various reasons the electoral college is unfair such as not everyones decisions count just those few people in the electoral collge. In a popular vote election everyones vote counts not just those who are considered better than us because they hold authority over people. Those people can also be sneaky and can change votes to be in favor of their choice of president. They will even take bribes sometimes just becuase they can even though us other people do count.

The system should not even be here today because it is outdated way past our time. "It's hard to say this, but Bob Dole was right: Abolsi the electoral college!" (Plumer, Source 2) and many others do agree with this statement because it rather true that we do so instead of let a bunch of monkeys run our states and country, but I am pretty sure that sometimes they could even do a better job than those in office right now. ".....over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now" (Plumer, Source 2) every day as we continue that percentage continues to grow and that data was recorded in 2000.

Lastly, the electoral college is irrational like seriously what idiotic person came up with this. I will say this again, but a monkey could of made a better system than this. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president........Who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding public office. Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, soemtimes the presidential candidate themselves. Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always. DO voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candiate? Sometimes" (Plumer, Source 2) I know this statement says it all becuase how could one simply not want popular vote after reading this.

I know that electoral college vote can help and not cause problems, but there are more problems while there is one easy fix which is popular vote. "It's offcial: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational" (Plumer, Source 2).                                                                                            