Dear Principal,

I believe everyone should be required to do at least 24 hours of community service each year.

That's adds up to only one day of your 365 day year.

It is not asking for a lot from the us to sacrifice one day.

I think if you want to do more than 24 hours of service, go right ahead that would be even better.

If 1,000 students each help out for a day, that would be 24,000 hours of community service!

That could make a huge impact in our community.

I know some people would still disagree and not do this, but as a second option you can make them do a large project that would take them a lot longer than a day.

I don't know too many people that would much rather do a huge project rather than sacrifice a total of two, maybe three whole days to help out their community.

It wouldn't take long at all.

It could be as easy as picking up some trash in the local park or, if you want to you can be able to tutor kids or help out kids with a disability.

Either way, you are going to help out the community in a positive way.

Just imagine, what we could be able to do if our whole school were to chip in 24 hours of community service.

We could do so much if we were to put this rule into our school program.

I do community service every year just to help out the community without being required to do it.

I have cleaned up the park, helped make sandwiches for the homeless, helped kids with disabilities.

I can only imagine how much this could change our community if everybody in our school were required to do this.

People that we would be helping would be so grateful.

We as a school could become the school that everyone talks so greatly about.

We could start promoting this idea around school by hanging posters up, handing out flyers, reminding people on the morning and afternoon announcements.

If you get behind my idea, I know students and teachers will follow us and make a huge difference in our community.

We could even send out e-mails to each student's parents telling them of this idea.

If the parents find out about this, I believe they will certainly force their kids to take part in a small amount of community service.

All I am asking from you, is to just enforce this one little rule into our school.

It could change lives.

I am not asking for everybody to do a whole lot, just 24 hours of your life to help out the community.

There are so many opportunities for our students to help out our community.

Who knows, maybe you could save somebody's life while doing the community service.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME