The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students is valuable. It is valuable because in this passage "Making Mona Lisa Smile" in paragraph six it gives the example of computers more specefically classroom computers and what could be possible for education some years down the road to improve students learning. In paragraph six we get evidence from "Dr. Huang" telling us how this could possibly be like a good human instructor like a teacher. The evidence proving this comes from "Dr. Huang" himself he says "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." basically "Dr. Huang" is saying of course down the road in the future a classroom computer can recognize students emotion and make constant changes to the students lesson on the computer to make a effective lesson like an actual human teacher. Thus proving that this technology to read a students expressions in a classroom is valuable.

Another example proving that the use of this technology to read a students expressions in the classroom is valuable because in education there is alot of classes and alot of technology classes you can chose from one of the many technology based classes is Web Design. Again in paragraph six we could see a huge increase in technology more specfically animated faces. For instance in paragraph six we get evidence of how the same technology can make computer animated faces alot more expressive. Here is evidence "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive-" again proving how this technology to read the emotions of students in class is actually valuable.

Another piece of evidence proving this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because in fact there are colleges out there that do offer video game based classes this could be another advantage. It is an advantage because video games are technology and since colleges are offering classes based on videogames this could really increase the learning atmosphere for each and everyone of those students who take that course. A piece of evidence would also again be found in paragraph six where it states "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive- for videogames". This is proving that this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom or a videogame course in this case is valuable.

Another piece of evidence is how we first found this technology back in paragraph one the very end of it we get some background information on how this technology was found. We get the evidence that this sofware is the latest discovery from "Prof. Thomas Huang"

of "Beckman Institute for Advanced Science" at the "University of Amsterdam". Just knowing that Professor Thomas Huang may not be a student but is teaching this software to his students in classroom is for sure valuable. We even get this really nice piece of evidence

"Dr. Huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate". This is saying Huang and his colleague are making this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in classrooms is valuable.

In conclusion the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is super valuable from videogames, professors to classroom computers and even just improving being able to read facial expressions is important because after all most of the human communication is nonverbal meaning not talking it is just simply "emotional communication". Also it says in the very begining that this new revolutionary software has promising applications for a good ammount of industries. Proving that the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable thus improving the already flourshing education of all the students who take grasp of this. Leading on to a brighter and better future for everyone in the world.