Many schools throughout the world offer distance learning as an option for students to attend online classes. Although online classes may be helpful for some students but I think its a bad idea. Many schools started online classes due to emergencies or some students arent able to attend school everyday. Some schools offer computers and laptops to students that attend their schools. Many students might not do their work at home due to internet problems or some students can't afford internet,or computers at their households. Many think distance learning is a bad option because students can easily get distracted at home while attenting online classes.

Also students won't able to get their work done at home due to distractions like watching TV while doing their homework or assignments. Although some may say online classes are helpful because students can do school work on their own time,they wont have to wait until a teacher gives them instructions for assignments. But offering distance learning can cause students to do bad on their test,quizes,and homework because they'll need help throughout the assignments,multiple students may not have anyone to help them at home. Teachers may have a hard time video conferencing multiple students at the same time. Students might take advantages of online learning and start cheating at home while the teachers won't know.

Students also can invite their friends over their houses and work togather on assignments but they can also copy eachother on tests,quizes or even homework. Students and teachers may also argue about this topic,some students and teacher might agree to offering distance learning because traveling would be easier due to online assignments. Distance learning can be done anywhere and anytime around the world. Handful of students might not take advantage of attending classes from home,students wouldn't use their time whisely due to many distraction. Offering distance learning classes from home can cause many students being able to stay at home everyday and not attend school.

Many students and teachers are interested in attending classes from home or by online video conferencing. Students might prefer staying home and doing assignements instead of waking up for school early,they'll have a chance to sleep in and do school work in the afternoon or at night. Teachers can benefit from online classes because some teachers have young children that need caring and help,teachers will be able to easily take care of them while attending school from home. Teachers will able to teach a whole class while sitting on their couch and even while eating at home or at a restuarent. Being able to attend classes online for students is a great way because traveling far distances or for long period time can be easier,Students won't have excuses on why their assignements weren't done. Students can easily work on their missing assignements because of the option of distance learning from home and being able to video conference teachers.

Some Students and teachers might not prefer online video conferencing and might not feel comfortable speaking or showing their faces online. Distance learning can be a hard for students that travel to different areas around the world,internet can be a problem because some countries don't have internet connection or they have bad connection. Which might cause them not being able to video conference,or work on assignements and big projects that need high quality of internet connection. Many students learn better in person instead of using the computer or video conference. Throughout teaching assignements,teachers might have a hard time explaining or giving details about a specific topic through online classes because they might be used to speaking in front of a class in person.

This is why many might prefer attending school instead of attending classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Many students might or might not benefit from being able to attend classes from home. But many students don't have a choice because many schools now offer distance learning for students around the world. Students from New York schools now have to attend online classes because of the Corona Virus,this caused a big impact on students who learn better in front of a teachers not through a computer or online conferencing.                