The technology to read students emotions isn't a very useful thing. Not everyone wants you to know how they feel when it comes to their emotions. This could be useful to determine pictures and see how they were feeling at the time of the picture. Most people wouldn't want others to know how they feel somedys.

FACS which is a way to identify human emotion can become used in the wrong way. Some people could use it on others who don't want other people knowing how they feel. Some people just want to keep their emotions to themselves so that others can't see or know them. This could become a privacy issue when it comes to how people use this device. They could use it on people that don't want them to know what they're feeling. This device could become useful to see how people felt in movies, books, or even paintings. I don't think that humans should use it on other humans unless they had permission to do so. When people hear about this device they may think that it isn't worth it, but it could be useful when it comes to things that happened long ago. Seeing other peoples emotions can be harmful to them unless they allowed you to do so. A lot of people want to hide their emotions and keep them to themselves. Emotions are something that can be shared or they can be kept away inside somebody. They can tell people or they can hide it, either way its up to them. This is why this device isn't helpful to the world. Again it may be helpful with things back then but seeing peoples emotions right now, it isn't something that is very useful to the world today. Todays society wouldn't like this product very much because if they wanna know a persons emotions all they have to do is ask. They don't need a fancy device to tell them how that person is feeling. Besides some people dont want you to know hoe they feel one day or maybe at all. Peoples emotions can be kept to themselves and shouldn't be told to someone with a device instead they could just ask.

So this device isn't helpful to the world today. In today's society people dont want others knowing their emotions. If they want to know they can ask and if that person wants to tell them then they will. This device is an invasion on peoples privacy because not everyone wants you to know their feelings. This device wouldnt be used by very many people in the world today.    