Receiving multiple opinions from different people can help out a lot. Sometimes when people ask for advice, they don't always want to follow that specific person's advice. This is why receiving multiple opinions is better for some people. Seeking multiple opinions can help because it can allow you to understand through different point of views, It can help to get ideas on what you should do, and it allows people to understand where you're coming from. This is why people seek multiple opinions.

Seeking multiple opinions can allow you to see, listen to, and understand different people's point of views and how their advice can be beneficial in different ways. They might have a different perspective on what you think you should do, or what someone else thinks you should do, because we all think differently. Understanding where people are coming from, even if you disagree can also help you come up with one executive decision. For example, there could be an occasion where you want these nice shoes , but you don't have enough money so you go and ask for people's advice on what you should do. One person says, ask a family member for the money. You ask another person, they say steal the shoes from the store. In this scenario it allows you to think and understand what both people are trying to say and the benefits of each and then you can come down to which is a better choice. Stealing shoes from the store could get you in a lot of trouble, So the clear choice is to ask a family member.

Seeking multiple opinions can also allow people to see where you are coming from so they can try their best to give you the best advice possible. If they try to take a step in your shoes, and feel how your feeling about the situation then they can process and understand exactly whats happening and what they have to say about it. For example, if you are really sad about something and you talk to your friends about it, it allows them to feel empathy, and try to understand why you are sad, and what they can do to help you. Them seeing things through your point of view allowed them to feel what you are feeling which is why its easy and beneficial to get advice from multiple people. Especially people you trust.

Seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice because you can get ideas and see what choice you can make based off of those opinions. Like if you were to need opinions on what color to paint your room, people would most likely give you different colors. Sometimes multiple people give you the same opinion when that occurs in a case like this, you'd usually go with whatever people think the most. For example, if six people said you should paint your room blue, and everybody else said different colors, you'd most likely paint it blue based of what peoples opinions were. Receiving opinions in this case is very beneficial to see what people think, and gather ideas

In conclusion, There are many ways seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice. Seeking multiple opinons help because, you can see things in different people's point of view, you can collect and gather peoples opinions and turn them into ideas, and it gives people a chance to show empathy, and be in your shoes.