Driverless cars are too expensive, trivial, and dangerous to be developed for public use. The development of these cars would require extensive funding, and this money could be much better spent. Some of these cars would only be partially automated and would still require a capable driver at all times, so what would be the point? Finally, driverless cars would be concerning from a safety standpoint - would these cars really be able to safely maneuver out of dangerous situations?

First, the development of driverless cars would be expensive. Automated cars require many sensors and cameras that regular cars do not need, and even with these sensors, the cars are not capaple of completely driving themselves. In order to achieve a reliable driverless system, all of our roads would have to have electricity or magnets installed, which even the article admits would be "too expensive to be practical". Furthermore, the money spent on developing these cars could be spent to help those who are less fortunate rather than creating new things for ourselves.

Another issue with driverless cars is the idea of cars that only assist the driver. These cars would drive most of the time, but they would, "notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents". These cars would certainly be helpful, but what would be the point of having a self-driving car if you still have to watch the road as if you were driving yourself? Some manufacturers talk of adding, "in-car entertainment and information systems," but if the driver were focused on these systems, would they be able to react quickly enough if the car approached a dangerous situation?

This question leads to what is probably the biggest issue with these cars: many developers of driverless cars claim that these vehicles would improve public transportation and, "use half the fuel of today's taxis," but what about the safety of the passengers? A truly driverless car would leave its passengers helpless in the face of an impending accident, and the addition of entertainment systems for part-time drivers would likely not give the drivers enough of a warning to react in the case of an emergency situation.

In conclusion, driverless cars should not be developed on a large scale. The huge amount of money that would have to be spent to make these cars safe would be much better spent helping those in need. Furthermore, cars that only partially drive themselves seem to defeat the intended purpose of the driverless car, as well as raising some safety concerns. It would be extremely difficult for the car alone to avoid dangerous situations, and the addition of entertainment systems would limit how much time a driver would have to assess and respond to danger. In all, driverless cars are far too expensive, needless, and dangerous to be developed or produced on a large scale.