The electoral college is a thought that came up long ago by our founding fathers. Many people calim that it is antiqiuated and needs to be updated but I dissagree.

Although we are the "Democracy of the USA" we are really a republic (chosing representives to vote for us!) This system is much more effective then an ATCHUAL democracy. Just imagine if on every single issue every single person would have to vote on the outcome to pass anything would take such a long time. Including the elections, the electoral college makes a short sweet way for voting, the population votes and then they vote for what we voted for (most of the time...) Some people don't trust the electorates with this kind of power  but I belive that those people are just parnoid pessmist and need to learn to have more faith in the people that we elect or the president appoints. The only flaw I see is the even number which calls for a tie. Also the winner takes all system should be changes I belive that each of the electorates should only have a certin percentage of the votes example: Alaska has 3 electorates, each are assigned 33.33333...% of the population and of course due to the decimals one electorate will have a bit more votes all the votes are then added. 76% voted Republican while 22% voted Democrat and the remaining 2% voted for third parties then the first elector would recive the votes of the 22% and the 2% and do fill up the rest of his 33% he would have 9% Republican his vote goes to the Democrates but the other two are left with only Republicans so there are 2 votes for republicans and the learger the population the more electors because of the increased ammount of citizens that each elector votes on behalf. This way the indivaduals that voted democrate are shown but did not really make as much an impact but it shows and may decide the out come during a tie. The electoral college Is a clean cut way for voting quick effective. Although we may not be a democracy per say we are all accounted for, just a few tweaks and it'll be perfect.    