Do you know what is Electoral College? Electoral College is the process of election of the President by a vote in Congress. Each candidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors. The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. Most states have a 'winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. A Certificate of Ascertainment declares the winning presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors will represent yor state. Smetimes could not be the best choice for our country. I strongly disagree that keeping the Electoral College because it is unfair to voters and it can cause problems in your state.

To begin with, I strongly believe state senator should change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States because Electoral College is unfair to voters. From the text says "candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning."Meaning the winner take all system, which is unfair. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including the states Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets.

Secondly, I strongly believe state senator should change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States because it can cause problems in your state. Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors. Statisics show that Congress would get 34 electoral votes but they aren't really voting for the president. For Instance, the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters. That many voters vote on one party for president and another for Congress.

I strongly disagree, that state senator should change the election by popular vote because electoral college is a better way to vote. The Electoral College is widely regardes a non democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner. Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee and that trust is rarely betrayed. For example, In 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than Bush yet fewer electoral votes.

The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans regional appeal. The winner takes all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates.

In Conclusion, the Electoral College is a process of election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. I strongly believe that state senator should change the election by popular vote for the prsident of United States because electoral college is unfair to voters and it can cause problems in your state.    