In the introduction, the author is describing Venus and explaining how "The Evening Star." Is the nickname, but beyond that- paragraph 1 and 2 wasn't explaining why you should pursuit it.

However one statement that does in paragraph 2 is "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size." Meaning it's not that far away to reach.

Yet one paragraph that is arguing with wanting to go to Venus is "Each previous mission was unamed, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours."

However one statement from paragraph 4 that shows that they wanna go to Venus is "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." This paragraph also claims that Venus was most likely covered with oceans and still supported different forms of life.

In paragraph 5 though, one of the statement claims "not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." Stating that Venus's climate and other factors made being there a pain, but again, it's for sure possible.

In paragraph 5 as well it says "(NASA) has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus."

Going a little further, paragraph 6 just explains that to understand more about Venus, that they would have to get much closer, and also describes how scientists are working on innovations that would make the tech and gear that is necessary better and able to last longer.

They are doing so because they can't understand as much when they have no evidence

Paragraph 7 has no claims on how you should go to Venus whatsoever, but instead it is talking about older tech used in the 1800s.

However in Conclusion, in paragraph 8 they stated "Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." Another line that they used is "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubt." Saying that no matter how many risks just so happen to be in Venus, perhaps if we were able to get there worry free, we'd come back with things we didn't know from before. 