This article talks about "Making Mona Lisa Smile,". In this article we learn about a machine that can that detects or identifies your emotions, whether sad, happy, angry, confused, or surprised this machine does it all.

This machine found out that she was 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. This software is the latest innovation from Prof. Nicu Sebe of the University of Amsterdam. This software actually calculates peoples emotions like a math homework. The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles, Movement of one or more muscles is called an "action unit".

Dr. Huang observes that facial expression for each emotions are universal even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. Using video imagery, the new emotion recognition software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of Mona Lisa. By weighting he different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da Vinci's masterpiece.

In fact, we human perform this same impressive calculation everyday. For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling by the look on her face. Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried and so on. Yet Dr huang obsereves that artists such as Da vinvi studied human anatomy to help paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. His new computer software stores similar anaomical information as electronic code.

I think this machine could be very useful in different situations like in offices, classrooms and even in personal homes. I would like it in classroom because it could tell whether students have a problem with something. I think this software could be a great thing for a classroom. Imagine a classroom computer that knows when you are happy or sad. For exapmle, if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen a similar ad might follow it. But if you frown, the next ad will be something different.

A classroom computer could recognize when a student s becoming confused or bored, Dr. Huang predicts. Then it could modify a lesson, like an effective human instructor. The same technology can make computer animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. I think if a computer is able to do this it will make boring or less interesting classes more interactive, fun and understandable which makes students more willing to learn and will understands things better.

I think this new upcoming software will help make class more interesting and fun for students because if this software can read someone's emotions it wil surely know when a students is getting bored or if a student is confused. I think the will make students learn more.