Most of us, as human beings, need other's help for certain things. Whether that be for school work or friendship advises, we all need someone's help at least once in our lives. When we are uncertain of something, we often times ask for help from the people around us. Having multiple people to ask and consult with is a great idea rather than just having one. Seeking help from multiple people can have great benefits, such as having different opinions to build your own opinion, having different experiences from a variety of people to understand the situation clearer, and it's always better to have multiple people to rely on.

Our opinions are shaped by other's opinions through out our lives. In order to build an opinion to take action or maybe to just keep it to ourselves, we must learn new angles and learn new opinions. Just as if it was math, the current knowledge is to be built on prior knowledge, it's no different for having an opinion. We are heavily influenced by the people around us, such as our parents or friends. When we combine the opinions of others on a situation, we can gather them up to make one solution. It's like adding pieces of a puzzle to make one grand masterpiece, we add the opinions of others to make our own opinion. There are multiple times when I have an opinion on something, such as a hobby, person, or situation and when other's share their opinions on it, sometimes I learn new things from them! It opens up a door to a new way of thinking and makes me more open minded. Asking for other's advises to build your own thought is a great way to learn what other's think and to also have a reliable idea.

People often say to ask advice from your parents or any adults around you because they're older. They're older so they have more experience which can come in handy. Having anyone that has gone through the same or a similar situation as yourself can help you avoid other mistakes or help you out in a situation in general. It's a wise idea to ask for advice or the opinions of others who have more experience in whatever you need help with. It's more likely you're going to go ask a math teacher for your math homework rather than your English teacher. It's just a good idea to ask someone for help for something when that person knows something about the topic. Even if you do know about the matter, it doesn't hurt to get more insight about it!

It's always better to stay safe than to say sorry. When people are in a tough situation, it's always good to have people behind you. Getting the opinions of others gives you multiple people to turn to in case you need them. It's similar to writing a research paper since you should get multiple sources to research from to make sure your information is reliable. It's a reassuring feeling to know that you have people who agree with you and perhaps even have that feeling that you're right in certain situations. It's always a good idea to get other's words because you have more information to go off of and also because it's just reassuring!

It's a great idea to talk to multiple people about something that is bothering you or you are curious about rather than one. It doesn't hurt to ask for other's opinions and it's always a good thing to do at the end. We can achieve something or resolve the problem better if we get the help of others. Someone's opinion may shape your own opinion in a totally different way and it's smart to understand and use other's knowledge to your ability. Seeking help from multiple people can have great benefits such as having different opinions to build your own opinion, different experiences to build more knowledge, and also because it's always good to have people to rely on. 