Generic_Name declared all his students must participate in one or more extracurricular activities. It's not a choice for his students to not participate. What the school's students do have a choice over is which activity they want to participate in. People will agree or disagree with his decision, but it will expose students to new views or angles of what they want to do or enjoy. Students should participate in extracurricular activities because it benefits their social, mental and physical health.

Exposing students to exciting and beneficial activities can open up a new passion! Instead of lazing over homework or moping around their house, children can be brighter and happier to get things done. When students are in an environment they enjoy, it can motivate them and brighten up their day. No one likes sitting in a classroom for seven hours. If students have something exciting to look forward to at the end of the day or the day after, it will push them to get their work done to participate in what they want to do.

In addition, extracurriculars give students a reason not to stay home and isolate themselves. A bunch of children just want to go home and binge shows or movies if they'v got nothing to go to. Especially, when they are bored. School can cause stress, so they'll want to wind down by getting sucked into their electronics. Instead, finding something as relaxing as watching a movie, like drawing, making music, reading, etc. is better for their eyes and won't cause eye induced headaches. But, the only way for them to realize that's what they like, is to expose them to it.

Also, if a student were to choose an outdoor activity it would include benefiting their mental health. Fresh air and natural light is good for everyone and wakes people up. Generally, unnatural light causes headaches, tiredness, and is known for making people lose concentration. Being indoors also can cause a trapped or caged feeling because it would be hard to get up and move without disrupting a working environment. Indoor lighting tends to feel dull and drab, not bright and happy.

When students have a closer similarity (their extracurricular activity) it can give them something in common. Having something in common helps people socialize and discuss that topic. Then, children can make friends over things they both like to do and discuss, plus they'll be able to work together on the topic. If the topic they made friends over was a sport, they can become better friends because teammates have to rely on each other during games. Having a sport as an extracurricular activity also gets kids exercising and it's not always a bad thing.

In conclusion, extracurricular activities are good for students. They allow children to maintain their physical health and grow their social circle. Extracurriculars can also benefit their mental health and get kids excited to get done with the day at school. It also gets them out of the house, but still getting to relax or have fun! 