Getting a second opinion is very common. People all the time ask for a second opinion. It can be as complicated as asking another doctor if you should follow through with a surgery or, it can be as simple as asking if you should buy something. Usually people ask for a second opinion because they know that the person they are asking has been in that situation before and they have experience with it. And people just want to see what other people do to see if it may work for them to, if whatever they are doing isn't working. But why else do people ask for a second opinion and, how can it help anyone make a better choice? And how often do we do it? And is having more option's better or worse to have?

People get second opinion's all the time. It's just a matter of why do people get a second opinion. It could be that they want to see what other's would do in a certain situation or, just want help and they know that whoever they are asking has been in the same situation before and know how to help or have a suggestion for you to try out. And most people rely on second opinion's because they rule out any other options. For example, if you are debating on buying something that you want, you look at the rating's to see if other people liked it. This counts as an opinion. Or you look at the comment's section to see if it's actually what you want and if people think it's worth it. Getting a second opinion helps in everyday life. People are alway's asking for second opinion's without even realizing it. You do it all the time by asking if your hair looks good or, if they like what your wearing today. It's just a mindless thing we do. We even do it in our head we think about what people would say and we ask them what they think. It's just something everyone does all the time because it's a self conscious thing we all do.

To get second opinion you have to go ask someone. But without realizing it, we ask for second opinion's so often that it's just daily life. It could be as small as asking if our hair look's alright to the complicated payment's of a house. And some people have a job that they actually help make the very important decision's for us and they are the second opinion's in our life. They are the second opinion because you went to them to ask what to do about something. It's good to get a second opinion, it's actually recommended for you to do so. It's another option for you to choose from. An example of people who are second opinion's for a job are Financial adviser's, Consular's, and Lawyer's. Financial adviser's are people who help you make a decision with your money. They help you decide what's best for you to do and they help come up with any choice's and they let you make the decision on how to follow through. Consular's are another good example on people who help make decision's for a living. Consular's help their patient's by telling them a way to deal with problem's like bullying and mental problem's. But how can it help someone make a better choice.

Asking for multiple opinion's can actually help you out a lot. It's been scientifically proven that if you have more choice's you are more likely to make a better choice than if you have less option's. So getting more opinion's help's you make a better choice. Like they say the more the merrier. But other than that it's also easier to rule out ones that don't work for you and if you have a lot and a lot of them just don't work for you, you have more to pick from. This especially help's when you have a big decision to make. When you have bigger decision's to make you usually go to people that are specialized in that area. Like Financial adviser's are specialized in money you would go to them if you need help on the money side. And if it's a mental problem or a bullying problem at school you would go to a school or out of school Consular to help you out. And asking for help isn't a bad thing at all. And if you really need help and you don't go to someone your only hurting yourself if you don't go.

So having a second opinion is good to have. Its give's you more option's, people who have already been their can be the most helpful, and overall having a second opinion can be more helpful than you know. And having more option's than you need can help you weather it's a big decision or a little one. And having more can help you pick out the one's you dont need and help you find the one's you do need. And you may find out that what someone said really helped you and you may go back to the for more advice and it's just a never ending loop to help you everyday.                     