Discussion among my classmates and teachers regarding online learning has been circulating throughout my school. Many of my peers and teachers have opposing views on the matter. Some students say that it would be easier, and that it would be amazing if we didn't have to be stuck in a classroom all day and sit through a lecture. While, my teachers state it would be much more challenging to teach the material, and for students to obtain it. I do not think that online learning would be beneficial towards students because it diminishes students' creativity, is not realistic in everyday life, and would be unsuccessful due to teenagers lack of motivation.

Creativity should play a key role in a students growth throughout their education. Without being in the classroom, ways to express one's creativity would be limited. Projects, presentations and intellectual conversations would be removed from the learning realm, and would be replaced with watching videos and staring at a computer all day. Technology has been proven to be unhealthy to adults and especially teenagers. It has rotted our brains, shortened our attention span, and removed our creativity. Our generation has been revolved around technology, and has set the stage for the future. It is no doubt that one day their will come a time when students no longer come to school to talk to their peers and learn from their teachers, but instead learn from robots, in their dark rooms, only lightened by their computer screens and cell phones. Coming to school and sitting in a classroom, where are phones zipped in our backpacks and our laptops shut, is refreshing and healthy for teenagers. With online classroom, students would not be able to take physical education and run in the fresh air, and have a break from the technology they stare at throughout the day. If we were to take online classes from home we would be constantly hovered over our computer screens, diminishing our creativity and forgetting what school used to mean.

Online school is not realistic and does not help teenagers prepare for the real world. With online school there would be few, if not any, interaction between peers or with adults. Teenagers today can barley talk to an adult without looking at their feet and avoiding eye-contact, due to the lessening of interaction in the classrooms. Online learning would only increase the problem. Most jobs across the country and throughout the rest of the world all have a form of interaction whether it is presenting a presentation, discussion in meetings, business calls, marketing, and much more. Students would be ill-prepared to step into the real world and be successful in their next step of life. Life is not seen through a computer screen and nor should it ever. While technology can be practical at times, it should not be what students rely on for their education.

Teenagers lack of motivation would lead to the unproductive reality of online school. Most teenagers do not have the discipline, or attention span to take time out of their day, everyday, to sit down at home for hours on end and learn online. Most teenagers need discipline in the classroom. When in school, if students get off track their is a teacher there to help them focus and be productive. When sitting in a desk at school, teenagers are much more productive then if they were to lay in bed at home watching videos. If one were to take online classes at home they would no longer face the discipline teachers show them everyday in school when saying, "put your phone away!" or "stop talking!" or "wake up!". Without teachers to help guide them in the classroom, majority of students would be on their phones, sleep, or be with their friends all day.

Overall, online learning would be ill-fitting for my generation and others to come because it destroys creativity, does not help one in the real world, and would be difficult for teenagers due to their lack of motivation. While, some may see it as a new and improved way for students to learn, be independent, and serve as a convenience; the negatives out way the positives in too many ways, especially the health of adolescent teenagers.