I'm going to type an essay about an arugement for this technology to read students emotional expressions. The newest software update is called Facial Action Coding System. I really feel like this type of technogoly would be really helpful.

There is a lot of prons and cons to this technogoly because some students may not want you to know how they are feeling or what there emtions are, I feel as if some students need the help or may feel, let's say lonely but don't like saying they are so they fake a smile but those are the students who really need someone to know. So I'm going ot start out in my first paragraph saying why I think it would be good to have this type of system.

My first paragraph is going to be my first reason why I feel that it would help and a little bit about the software. The software update has promising applications for a variety of industries. The computer constrcuts a 3-D computer model of the face all 44 major muscels in the model must move like human muscles. I feel that it will help a lot more with young teenagers in our generation.

A lot of people in our generation are going through depression and they don't like to telling people about it, so if you have this software it would help kids from sucide thoughts or some things like that.

Another reason why it woud be helpful is because you could use it on anyone not just students. My first reason why I think it would be a brillant idea would be an example such as this, if you went to class one day and seen your friend upset you would be able to look at her and know shes upset but if you asked her and she said no I'm fine, she would be lying. If you had this software update and you used it on your friend it would say she is 70 percent upset and 30 percent mad. So now you know she is upset most of the time and you could change that by talking about things with her letting her parents know. Little things like that could change someones life forever.

My last reason I think it would be helpful is because you would know how everyones feeling. The Mona Lisa is to demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while showoing how much a computer can do. It also says in paragraph 6 that "

A classroom computer could recogonize when a student is becoming bored or confused". That could also help the teacher out a lot. Some students don't always let the teacher know if they are bored or confused because maybe they are scared or embarssed, but now your teacher would know if you were confused about something. She would be able to help you or do something a little more exciting.

My conclusion paragraph is going to wrap up my essay. As I said in the introduction I think this would be a really good idea for this software update to be in classrooms for teacher and students. I think it would help with teenagers. I gave a couple reasons why I would want this software update or why it would help. I have seen a lot of students falling asleep in class and the teacher just keeps going. I have also been one of those students were I'm really confused but I don't want to say in front of the class so I either don't say anything or I say something to my buddy next to me. Those are my reasons why I am for this Facial Action Coding System.                  