Dear , State Senator

I think that they should keep our despised method of choosing the president. The way we choose our president every 8 years is okay. Nothing is wrong with they way we change our presidents. The electoral votes has done a great job with no complaints. The way now has been going for a long time and they shouldn't change it.

The electoral college consists of many electorals. They consist of 538 electorals. Majority of the electoral votesare 270, which is required to elect the President. Under the 23rd Admendment of the Constitution, the District of Cloumbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state on purposes of the Electoral College.

Each canidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors.

Afte the presidential election, your governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment " listing all of the candidates who ran for President n your state along with the names of their respective electors. The Certificate of Ascertainment also declares the winning presidential canidate in your state and shows which electors will represent your state at the meeting of the electors in December of the election year.

Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but forr aslate of electors, who in turn elect the president. If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for [John] Kerry,you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democtratic electors pledged to Kerry. On the off-chance that those electors won the statewide election,they would go to Congress and Kerry would get 34 electoral votes.

It can be argues that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candiate who has no hope of carrying their state-Democrats on Texas,for example, or Republicans in California. Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked up by popular vote.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME                                             