Dear Principal,

Community service is beneficial to many individuals, groups, and areas. It brings out the best in many people, including those who carry it out. It shows good personality and is superb for getting into college. However, if community service was to be necessary, then it would not be as beneficial. If community service was mandatory, it would not be viewed as a nice thing, it would not be enjoyed by all, and would not be as beneficial to the community.

To begin with, community service would not be viewed as such a nice thing if it were required. For example, two schools in an area have their 8th grade students do at least an hour of community service a day. Eventually, people would forget how nice it is because it would become a usual thing around the town. This shows that if everyone in 8th grade performed community service daily, or even weekly, citizens would view it as the students doing what they need to do, rather than how nice those students are.

Furthermore, community service is done by those who enjoy helping others. If all 8th graders had to do it then it would not bring out the best in them and would be dreaded by some.

Supporting this, the whole 8th grade of 120 students have to do an hour of community service a day. 40 out of the 120 do not like the labor and dread it, causing them to have the thought of community service in their heads the whole day. This would cause changes in attitudes throughout daily life . In addition, it would lead to bad attitudes towards helping the community and bad habits for the future.

Finally, citizens would not view community service as beneficial for the community as they do now. For example, all the students of the 8th grade work every day for six months for the community. As the seventh month approaches, civilians cease to realize how helpful community service is because they are so used to it. This concept is the same as taking the ability to walk for granted. It demonstrates that when people are used to something, they begin to take it for granted. This will eventually result in little or no appreciation of community service.

Helping the community is great for personality, beneficial to the community, and excellent on a resume. If it became required for even just 8th graders, then community service would negatively change completely. In addition to community service itself changing, personality within students and some citizens will change, regarding community service. It is important to not take community service for granted because it helps the community and brings out the best in people.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME