Theres so many positive and negative when we imagine the idea of driverless cars. I believe that driverless cars are very dangerous and can cause many conflicts. First, I know that even with the law of don't text and drive, people still do those things. Secondly , if we allow driverless cars I know that people who are tired from work are going to fall asleep knowign the car is in control, but at the end when theres trouble, they will still be asleep. Lastly, I believe that people will start sueing companies and people will not feel confortable of being stalked while driving.

First of all, there are many reckless drivers around us anyhow. How can we be sure that we are safe when driving?

In the passage " something not avaible to the drivers trying to text with a cell phone." I can not imagine but we do know for a fact that texting and driving is very dangerious but there are also people who are out there doing it. These situations can lead to mass accidents. If you are given the chance that your car does not need you and you do get bored off of the heads up display, what would you really do? Since our society is all about iphones and samsung , I do not think that its safe to be in a car with your cell phones on. I sense that teenagers are especially going to disobey the law because they just tend to think its going to be okay, which in reality its not. We should be very concerned of everyone driving safetly.

Seondly, I believe that exuausted and drunk people are going to take this advantage of having driverless cars. What if you car needs your help, and youre asleep and that you're too drunk to get self concious? This will lead to more troubles because than people that are drunk will still drive and think that their car has it all in control."They can steer ,accelerate, and brake themself, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills" The driverless can be very dangerious if in case in need of a human skill if someone is really tired and drunk.

Lastly, I believe that your rights are being taken away when you're beign stalked on while driving. I wouldnt want to be stalked on when i'm driving or anything. it violates someones privacy when youre watching them because some people od have to do certain things when they are parked for example like having to use an emergency or changing clothes. "While the driver watches the road , the car watches the driver" Do you really think that drivers are going to watch the road when they dont have to? I also believe that peopel will start sueing companies because who is at fault if theres an injury or accident?"if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is al fault- the driver or the manufacturer? I think that people who are being responsible and driving with great cautions will be upset and it would not be fair to them if they are under control of their own car and than there is someone els thats not drving but lettign their car being controled by a computer than they get in an accidents. I do knwo that there are accidents from many reasons, but I believe that driverless cars can cause a lot of problems.

In conclusions, I do not agree the fact that driverless cars should be allowed. It has many safety issues for the community and it will cause a lot of problems. It will violate someones privacy,someone can take advantage of driverless cars when they are drunk or tired, and lastly peopel will be upset. I think it depends on the indivuals who are driving. People should start caring more for others when driving because someones life can be at risk if they driver recklessly.

Driverless cars will lead into many big problems as well as to many life lost if youre not prepared when your car needs you.