Can you believe that schools are now making students stay after-school to participate in an extracurricular activity. I disagree with schools having students participate in one extracurricular activity becasuse students need time for other activities outside of school, students need time with their families, and they need time to do their homework.

Many students love coming home right when the school bell rings and having the rest of the day to do what they like. This is not the case at some schools. At my school our principal is having us participate in one extracurricular activity. I disagree with this because students need time to play and practice sports such as basketball, baseball, hockey, and soccer. Students also need time to hang out with their friends not just inside of school, but outside too. If a student is forced to stay after-school and there is nothing they like there than it may bother the students emotions and make them sad. If a student is sad or upset about this it may affect their participation, attendence, and effort. I do not want kids spending more time than they have to at school.

There are a ton of students who do not get to see their family at all due to school. Students need time to be with their family and socialize with them like playing a board game or having a nice conversation. Extracurricular activities may interfere with the time that kids have to spend with their families. It is very important that kids spend time with their families because it keeps their mental health well, keeps them in line, and provides comfort for them. It keeps their mental health stable because they do not worry about seeing their parents or when they will see their parents again. It keeps them in line because they have somebody to tell them what is ok and what is not ok and they have somebody to discipline them. It provides comfort for kids because they know somebody or some group of people are there for them. If students had no time to spend with their family it would most likely casue many problems for them.

Did you know that teachers assign kids with loads of homework? If you didn't then now you do. Here at my school I get home and it takes me a couple of hours to get my homework done. I was very disappointed when I was told that every student has to take part in one extracurricular activity. If this time is taken away from students it will take away time for them to do their homework. If kids start not having time to do their homework their grades may drop, which could make them depressed, and it could affect their behavior at school. If a students grade drops their parents may get mad which would make them sad and upset which could lead to them doing something hurtful or bad to themselves. It could also affect their behavior at school by making them not pay attention and start getting into mischief. If students have to stay after-school for an extra activity, it takes away time for homework which kids need to do and if they dont have the time bad things may happen.

Once again, I believe that students should not be forced to participate in one extracurricular activity at school because they need time for other activities outside of school, time to spend with their families, and time to do their homework. If time that students have for these activities gets taken away by school it may lead to something bad. If you do not agree with me please think about this again and if you do agree with me that is great because you are thinking the right way.