The topic of online learning is very controversial. Many schools offer online services to accommodate those who vary in schedules, need more time for assignments and comprehension, or even those who just work better alone. Now a days, schools are becoming more diverse in terms of the variation in which a student can learn. There are both current benefits and future benefits to online learning. Although some people think students have no benefits from online learning, it should be known that students do in fact benefit from online learning.

There are several ways students can benefit from online education currently. One benefit being that it gives students the chance to work at their own pace and not feel pressured to keep up with the rest of the class. This would've needed to be done, had learning been set in a classroom setting. For example, a student may not understand a concept in math and want to try and fully understand the concept before being tested on it. In schools currently, many students are being forced to take tests having not have comprehended the topic of study. This also leads to the problem of social influence on a students learning. As humans, we tend to conform to the rest of society and value deeply what society has to say about us. Students self-esteem and self-efficacy go down when they don't understand a topic. Students tend to not want to be the outcast when it comes to not understanding a topic, so they just go ahead with a test, which results in them doing poorly on because not enough time was given to them. Online school provides this option, so a student is not given a test before they thoroughly understand the concept. This also pertains to the flexibility of a student's schedule. Some students may switch to online learning due to sports and can't afford to be continuously missing school. For example, my friend Kady does gymnastics with me, and gymnastics meets happen almost every weekend. Online school is a great way for her to do school work on her own time, because work gets done depending on when she is available, aside from doing meets. There's less stress about having to do homework for the next day. This leads me into another benefit to online learning. Another benefit to online learning would be that it is a potential stress reliever or minimizes stress. Many students may feel better and be less stressed doing homework or school work, because of being in the comfort of their own home or in a space that is safe for them. Students feel free to take breaks and not be restricted to the overcrowded rooms that are common in regular schools. It's also proven that surroundings have an effect on mood and willingness to learn. If the atmosphere of a classroom is sad, depressing, or gloomy, then students may have a gloomy or depressing attitude when in that class, hindering them from learning at their fullest potentials. With online schools, the student chooses their place of study and knows what places motivate them to create high quality work and retain the most information.

There are also ways students can benefit from online education in the future. One benefit is that the student will be more independent. When doing online school, the student doesn't have access to a tangible teacher or access to a teacher 24/7. Sometimes students will have to wait for a teacher, if the teacher works for both online and public schools, to answer a question that the student has on a problem or concept. Sometimes students will have to figure out the concept themselves which develops their problem-solving skills. The independence and problem-solving skills can become useful later on when the student applies for a job. Many employers like employees who don't depend on the employer for everything but can try and solve problems on their own first. For example, when working at a McDonalds drive-thru with a line full of people, the employee doesn't have time to be asking the employer a series of questions if a problem occurs. Instead, the employee must find quick solutions and learn independence. The employee won't learn unless they try it. Another benefit to online education is the student learns time management and responsibility. Although online education is flexible, school work still needs to be completed in a timely manner and it is the students responsibility to get it done, for there is no one around to set verbal due dates. Students still need to write papers in online school, but the only difference is there is no teacher to remind you of the due date and pressure you to complete it. Later in life, those online students are very aware of due dates and deadlines,for they have been accustomed to following them throughout their high school careers. Employers like employees who are punctual and have tasks or assignments done on time. This idea of time management also prepares the student for college if they choose to go to an actual college or university. Professors like assignments done on time and also won't give too many frequent reminders on when those assignments are due. Professors also like when students take accountability for their actions. It's not the teachers fault if work is not completed on time or is lost. The blame is solely put on the student.

Online schooling truly depends on the person at hand. What works for one person doesn't always work for another. Online school promotes both current and future benefits, as does public schools. There is no say in which one is better or worse. As individuals we are all different and possess different traits and qualities. With so many individuals in the world, it's important that we accommodate all people. A person may strive in one situation but stress in another. This means that online schooling should remain an option for students and families.