Activities for Everyone!

Now everybody will have something to do!

The principal just decided that every student must take part in an activity, before school, after school or even during school!

This new, amazing and creative idea will be beneficial to everyone! Not only the students, but the entire school administration including the teachers! Even parents will profit from the outstanding new idea!

"How?" "When?" "Where?" you might ask. Well no longer worry! we have all the answers you could ask for.

After this decision starts getting enforced, every student will be able to find something they like!

Possibilities range from participating in sports to serving on the student council or helping to create the school yearbook! Students are very likely to find new friends while they participate in these activities and probably even run into some old ones! Having friends in their activity will surely motivate them to do better and achieve their goal!

Meeting those new people and having that special diversity will bring lots of students together and form unimaginable new bonds, friendships and relationships. Students struggling with their social life and stressing school days will finally have something to look forward to! The sport activities will also greatly improve ones understanding and overall skill in said sport. Joining sports teams will set a positive example for students and be a healthy and rewarding getaway from anything that might be bothering them. Working on the yearbook is an overall exciting experience that involves montages,photo shop and other activities! Students will be able to have fun and help the school at the same time! Student Council is also a splendid decision and it will show a student how many real life companies work, Students will be given more responsibility and trust. Both student council and yearbook editor have much in common and both contribute to help shape a young adults future life by polishing their skills, interests and hobbies. After school parents might still be working or just have too much on their hands to care for their children, This is where these extracurricular activities will also come in handy because students will be supervised, be constructive and have fun at the same time!

Overall these activities would be a great getaway for every student! Activities will include creative and challenging brain usage to athleticism. Students will be taken care of and supervised while they help out themselves and the school. Sports will be healthy and inspiring for the young kids and put a positive example for what they can do in the future. These activities will remodel the students interests and hand over many new possibilities!