When someone thinks of the future, he or she may think of crazy gadgets that are made of technology years and years from our own time. However, humans aren't too far off from making these gadgets a reality. In particular, research and many tests concerning driverless cars have been happening for quite some time now. It gets people wondering though; does the development of these driverless cars reap more benefits than negatives? In my opinion, the development of driverless cars should be supported because of it will bring efficiency and safety for the entire human race.

First, the development of driverless cars can bring efficiency to the day-to-day life of an average human. The vision for these cars is that they will be a part of, "a public-transport taxi system. The cars [Google cofounder Sergey Brin] foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis." The United States is one of the largest sources of oil consumption, and we tend to get all of our gas from other countries. With the direction these cars seem to be taking, we'd not only reduce the amount of gas we use in the United States, but in the entire world. We wouldn't be emitting nearly as much air pollution either. The benefit of public transportation is also significant due to the fact that, it too, decreases all of these factors. Based on my knowledge, most European countries tend to consume a lot less oil than the United States because they use public transportation. It's a lot more efficient than everyone owning an individual car and driving. By supporting the development of driverless cars, all of these imaginable benefits for the efficiency of transportation can become a reality.

Secondly, the development of driverless cars can aid in concerns of safety. As the passage says, "Within 10 years, [] sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers ... Further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own." This is extemely significant, seeing as how automobile accidents are one of the leading causes of death in the United States. With these driverless cars, people are able to step in when absolutely necessary; other than that, the car can sense most danger and avoid it. These cars so far allow for "far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." We are already in a great spot as safety is concerned, and with further development comes even better improvements. If what Sergey Brin envisions becomes a reality, driverless cars could be the cause of a lot less death in automobile accidents worldwide.

In conclusion, the development of the driverless car has come very far in the very short time that it's been around. It's already allowed for a safer experience with automated brakes, multiple sensors, and notifications to the driver when something is wrong. With even further development than what we have already, safety could eventually not be a concern at all. With that being developed, so too are ways in efficiency and cost of transportation. By being for the development of driverless cars, so many significant benefits could be here in the years to come.