In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author states that exploring Venus would be an immense challenge to overcome due to all of the extremely harsh conditions. Venus, also known as the "Evening Star," is an extremely dangerous planet to explore. Even though scientists are aware of these difficult factors, people like the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" still think that being informed about this bright point of light is worth it.

According to astronomers, Venus may have at one point been the planet with the most Earth-like features. Venus is said to now have a "surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." These characteristics are one of the reasons as to why the author states that Venus is a pursuit worth risking many things for. Another reason is because in paragraph 4, the author states "Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit." Although these are all fair reasons to want to visit Venus once again, astronomers have to keep in mind all of the negative characteristics that will set their exploration behind. All astronomers and explorers are well aware of all of the challenging conditions such as the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere and the atmospheric pressure being 90 times greater in Venus than the pressure in Earth. These are not the only challenging conditions; another dangerous feature is that temperatures average over 800 degrees Farenheit in Venus's surface.

Consequently, the author states in paragraph six that there are now many scienstist searching for technology that will be able to stand the harsh conditions in Venus: "Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." In the previous paragraph, the author informs the readers about an idea that NASA has thought of. The plan for sending people to study Venus would not give the necessary information to be properly informed of this volatile planet. All of these obstacles are not enough to calm human's desire of knowledge about unearthly topics. In paragraph eight, the author says that all of the challenges are not enough to mellow down our curiosity enough to quit studying Venus.

In conclusion, the claim about Venus being a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents that the author of "The Challenges of Exploring Venus" states is well supported by facts and perfectly thought out ideas. Although Venus is an extremely dangerous planet packed with many reasons as to why exploration is currently held back, NASA is still looking for ways to be able to gain more valuable insight about the Evening Star. Just like the author said, learning and travelling should not be limited by doubts, and scientists will not let doubts and fears stop them. 