Should drivers be allowed to use their phones while operating a vehicle?

Do you use your phone while driving? If you said yes, then you need to stop. If you don't then you may end up dead and if you don't believe me then let me tell you some facts. Here is why I don't think people should be able to use their phones while operating a vehicle.

Firstly, driving requires your full attention, but phones compromise this focus. You need to keep both hands on the steering wheel to be the most effective driver. But, every time you text, read messages or talk on a cell phone without a hands-free device, not only is your focus compromised, but you can't keep both hands on the wheel. Phone use when you are driving can also affect your alertness of the surroundings, which can make you prone to collisions. Also, distraction and inattention are the number one cause of traffic accidents and it is estimated that nearly every collision involves one of these two related errors. Driving takes all your attention and it is your responsibility to keep your eyes on the road, so put down the phones and pay attention to the road.

Secondly, people who use a cell phone in the car can drive erratically, which puts others at risk. They may fail to give the proper signals, miss road signs, change lanes abruptly or respond slowly to hazards. Erratic driving patterns can be extremely dangerous to everyone else on the road, including other drivers, pedestrians, and animals. Also, motorist involved in a stressful or emotional phone conversation may exhibit aggressive behavior while they drive, such as road rage. This may cause the erratic driving to worsen and this greatly increases the chance of causing an accident. So, if checking your phone is going to cause you to get mad and drive like you've got no sense and possibly kill someone, then there's no need in even picking it up.

Lastly, there are now legal ramifications when it comes to using phones while driving. You can have criminal penalties placed on you such as fines and tickets and depending on if you had an accident and killed someone you may face more serious criminal consequences such as jail time. Driving with a device can cause you to have higher insurance premiums because insurance rates are tied to a driver's driving history and if you get pulled over for using your phone while driving too many times, it could cause your insurance premiums to spike. Also, you can lose your driving privileges because just like your insurance, you accumulate points for your recklessness. So, if you accumulate too many, you can no longer drive. So, unless your like tickets, fines, jail time, or losing your driver's license, I suggest you wait till you get home to check you phone.

Well there you have it, everything wrong with using your phone while operating a vehicle. Hopefully, you all learned something from this. Hopefully, what you learned was that you shouldn't use your phone while driving. But, if you haven't, that's fine. Just ask yourself a question for me. Is everything you just read worth it for just a minute or two on your phone?                                                                                 