Technology has been used for decades in education, from the basic computer to smart boards technology has been commonly used to improve the learning capabilities of students in modern times. The 'Facial Action Coding System'

technology has the ability to help professors and teachers around the world get more into the minds of their students and engage the students into a classroom where learning is not a unified thing, but more customized and free depending on student ability.

Firstly, with technology becomming more popular, an increasing number students are having the ability to learn through technology. Along with that teachers and professors around the world have had to adapt to the higher usage of technology and programs to teach their students. This program gives teachers and technology the ability to adapt to their students, and encourage even confused or fearful students to learn by engaging a learning environment where a student's computer or device could read and recognize the confusion or joy a student is undergoing while learning,and therefor helping the teacher know the students level of understanding.

Secondly, having a program installed into the lense of cameras in students devices would open up new insight to teachers. For example, if a student watches a video lesson in a History class and is confused by something then their teacher could find the question, or peice of video, and simply adjust the lesson to fit the demographic and understanding of that child. There are many benifits to this technology including in the home, if a parent were to have the ability to see where their child was confused or frusterated the parent could also take some time to cover the missing material. This also prevents students who are fustrated but are to fearful or anxious to ask for help to not recive the assistance they need. This technology could open up door ways for students instead of them being lost in the information, but this technology is still new. .

Finnaly, one of the main reasons students do poorly in the current education system is that the student feels like they are not reciveing enough help or that they are lost. With average class sizing being anywhere from 22-32 students, a single or even two teachesr cannot assist all of the students individualy, and this creates a problem. Using the 'Facial Action Coding System' teachers can register which students need help and those who dont and pay more attention to the students who need help. This would therefore increase the amount of students able to retain information and help the school. Being lost in a lesson wouldn't be so common of a problem.

In conclusion, the 'Facial Action Coding System' opens new advancments in the the education systems by encourgaing an environment where teachers could have the technology to know when a student was confused or not understanding information, and also giving the ability for teachers to construct a lesson to fit the children who don't directly understand. It also proves a good method for parents to get involved in their child's learning and help the student with direct problems at the root instead of complications with the entire subject. So yes, this technology is very vaulable to the education of millions of students around the world who don't fully grasp their teachers learning methods or are just confused.