Extracurricular activities are important for students, and I agree that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Students should try something new instead of doing nothing. Students can gain a lot from this experience, so I believe that they should participate in them. I think that even if students don't want to participate in these activities, they should because they can learn things that they never knew before, and I think that it could make an impact on their lives. Extracurricular activities are good for students to participate in because they can give you something to do, they can help you meet and befriend new people, and they can help kids find potential ideas and hobbies.

Extracurricular activities can give you something to do. Some of my friends go home and do nothing after school. It can get boring to have nothing to do for the remainder of the day. Participating in an after-school activity can pass time and help you to not be bored, especially if you are participating in an activity you enjoy. When I was in elementary school, I went to an after-school art club so I could pass the time doing something that I liked. I also did after-school soccer in the fourth grade, and I started playing volleyball in the fourth grade. I am still playing volleyball to this day. These kinds of activities can give you something to do instead of going on your phone and doing nothing. I have gotten more productive over the past couple of years because I participate in extracurricular activities. I believe that kids can be more productive, and extracurricular activities are a vital way to achieve this goal. Not only is it a good way to spend your time, but it is also a good way to meet people.

Extracurricular activities are a good way to socialize with people because you are participating in activities and games that you enjoy with other people. You share the same interests, and liking the same things as someone else is a good way to bond and socialize with people. I met a lot of people through after-school volleyball, and I am still friends with most of them to this day. Our team would go out to restaurants after our games whether we won or lost because we were friends, and we liked to play together. We all liked playing the sport, so it was easy to make friends with each other. I also met a lot of people through my art club because we liked to draw, and we liked to talk to each other. If you have trouble making friends, you will most likely be able to socialize and bond with others through these events. I met one of my best friends through after-school dance classes when I was in elementary school. We enjoy dancing and listening to music together. Not only are extracurricular activities able to help you get to know people, but they can also help you find your interests.

Having schools require students to take at least one extracurricular activity can help them find hobbies, and they can help students find things that they didn't know they were interested in. For example, I once convinced my sister to play volleyball. She didn't really want to do it. After school that day, she came to our volleyball practice. She ended up loving the sport, and she also plays it to this day. There are many different activities, such as theater, art, sports, science and math clubs, and the student council. Students are most likely going to find an activity they like and stick with it as they get older. Doing an activity that you enjoy can be very entertaining, and you might keep doing it in the future. I am in my school's eighth grade chorus, and I want to continue this activity as I get into high school. If you really enjoy these activities at school, you might also try to practice them at home. If you like to go to an art club at your school, you might continue to draw at home. These activities can also lead to trying to improve in your hobby as well. I continue to draw at home so I can improve. Schools give access to these potential new hobbies and activities, and I think that students should go to them and give them a chance.

In conclusion, I believe that students should be required to take at least one extracurricular activity. It is something that I believe is crucial to who students grow up to be. If students join an after-school activity, they can become more responsible. Having them sit around all day can make that person lazy in the future. They not might want to try new things in the future because they were raised that way. Giving kids these potential interests can help impact their choices in life, such as what they want to do for a job or what they want to do for a hobby. People might already have their future planned, but joining an extracurricular activity can change their views and can give them new ideas. Overall, I think that extracurricular activities are a good way for students and kids to spend their time participating in and enjoying. 