The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" thinks that exploring Venus is worth the risks that are required. Venus is a planet that most people think are a star because of how brightly it shines at night which makes it very noticeable. Not many other things are known about Venus: Not many people think about exploring Venus when they think of space exploration. In the article the author talks about both the problems with exploring Venus, but he also talks about how exploring Venus is something that is a possibility for the future.

The author states that Venus is "often referred to as Earth's 'twin'" because out of all the planets Venus has a similar density and size compared to Earth. The terrain of Venus is also very similar to the terrain of Earth. They both have landmarks that are similar "to familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." This evidence shows how the landscape of Venus has the possibility to be a home for humans. The similarities between Earth and Venus make Venus a valuable place to explore in greater depth.

Although Venus has a similar terrain to Earth, the ground climate is too rough for anyone to safely land in Venus. Venus has a temperature that humans can not survive in, 800 degrees Fahrenheit. Also on Venus the pressure is 90 times what humans experience on Earth. Humans have never experienced conditions as extreme as those on Venus: "Even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of [the] oceans" would be crushed and the high temperatures "would liquefy many metals." Something that was made to be able to go withstand high pressures, like a submarine, would be crushed on Venus, and metals can withstand very high temperatures but on venus they would liqeufy. It is unsafe and humanly impossible for humans to try to explore the land of Venus when some of the best technology can not even withstand the climate of Venus.

As of now there is not enough technology for humans to explore Venus on the surface, but they can explore Venus from above. It is a possibility for scientists to hover 30 miles above Venus. This way the scientists will not have to experience the total wrath of Venus's surface, but they would experince "temperatures that would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, [and] the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth." Humans can live in those conditions, even though they may not be ideal. Scientists would be able to explore Venus without putting them at risk. There is still not technology for the scientists to throughly explore Venus the way they want to. They would only get a glimpse into what Venus is like. New inivations are being worked on that can withstand Venus's tumultous surface, so that scientists can get the full picture of

Venus.

Venus has great potential for exploration, but with that great potential comes great risk. The author of the article talks about the problems with exploring Venus, but he also talks about how exploring Venus is something that is a possibilty for the future. Venus is very similar to Earth in the terrain that they both have, but the surface conditions of Venus are deadly to humans. There is the possibilty of hovering above Venus to be closer to the surface without having to experince the extreme conditions. With the advancements in technology and new innovations scientists are hoping that there is a way for them to get closer to the surface without endangering their lives.