Is better keep the Electoral College or change to election by popular vote for the president of the Unite States ?Is better keep the electoral college because if you keep it they can vote for their president and also when they vote for their president at the same time they are voting for their candidate's electors.

One reason why you have to keep the electoral college is beacuse they can vote for their president, the presidental election is realized every four years after the first monday of November. When the presidental election is done the governor of each state has to prepare a Certificate of Arcertainment how the Federal Register says. Not only keep the electoral college allow to vote just for their president , they also when they are voting for their president they are voting for their electoral.

Moreover why you have to keep the electoral college is because when they vote for their president they are trusting on their electoral because if they vote for their president they are actually giving a vote to their electors. The governor has to prepare the Certificate of Ascertainment.

What the Certificate of Ascertainment do is that it declares the winning presindential of the state and it doesn't just declares who is  the winning presidential it additionaly shows you will electors are going to represent your state atr the meeting of the electors  in December of the election Year. Finally your state's Certificates of Ascertainment they are sent to the Congress of your country and the National archives it as part of the official  records of the presidential election. Not everybody thinks that keep the electoral college is better.

It is true that if you change it by popular vote for the president many people is going to like it beacuse they just trust in the suposely best president , but if you keep the electoral college alot of people prefer vote for their president and at the same time they know they are voting for their electorals so they think is better beacuse maybe their electorals are pretty good like their presindent.

To conclude is better if you keep the electoral college because you are going to give us the opportunity to vote for our president and at the same time we belive in their electorals.      