Agree or disagree? I think joining in a extracurricular activity is very beneficial, because students are able to be a little more active and help the community. Extracurricular activities has so many outcomes to participating in these activities. Students may not have the opportunity to do there pleasures that may they do at home or once they get out of school. This can also interfere with a students social and sport life. Although there are down sides to extracurricular activities there is a huge benefit such as, knowing that a student has helped or even cared about what he was doing weather it was planting plants, trees, flowers, playing a sport, or even helping a student with their homework. I strongly stand by the that participating in an extracurricular is beneficial, not only is it beneficial it is also enjoyable.

Some activities that students are able to participate in are sports, yearbook committee, student council, and helping out with the environment. Another way this is beneficial is because weather you like it or not it really helps out the person, the community, and even the ourselves. While doing these activities you continue to make someones day by helping out just even a little bit. Many people, including myself enjoy watering the plants, a little goes a long way. Students often enjoy getting to know others and this is a great way to do so. How cool is it to know we have done an extracurricular activity and while helping our community? There are many activities that students are able to learn and put their brain to the test in a extracurricular session, for example student council. Student council is one of the many mind and brain focusing activities there are in these activities.

Extracurricular activities can be enjoyable and entertaining. I used to stay after for yearbook committee, and we all learned some new and interesting things. While I was in that that club I was given the opportunity to learn a little more about how I can work on the computer and cropping/fixing images. This activity was very helpful and fun. I now know how it all works out and how I can get involved. If it had not been for my teacher who told me to get involved I wouldn't be as involved as I am right now. I know enjoy doing extracurricular activities. Lastly, Helping out is not such a horrible thing.

Participating in activities at a local school doesn't have to be terrible. There are so many activities out there that everyone can try and enjoy. Students get so many interesting things they ca do. Should students participate, yes they should. Many students want to just go home and not do anything, this helps them come out of their shell a lot more. School is not always boring, have fun at school. What will your next extracurricular class be, what will you do to get involved? 