Lots of kids love having summer break off from school, but when it comes to summer assignments there's only so much time in the summer for students to fit all their prior plans in with all the over-the-summer school work their teachers assign. And majority of students would also rather not do school work on their break from school and would just want to enjoy the time off but many schools require students to do some sort of school work over the summer to keep their brains active and to help them continue to learn. Some students have take part in saying that they would like to design their own summer projects for many different reason. In contrast, some teachers don't agree with the students for the summer projects to be student-designed. The required summer assignments should be teacher-designed by the students upcoming teacher so that the students can be prepared fully on what they are going to learn for the upcoming school year, so that the their teachers can make sure they include work from last year so they don't forget about the stuff they previously learned about, and because teachers will most likely organize the work to be an appropriate amount since they're use to giving school work with projects and due dates but also understand that there are students that go on vacations and won't have the whole summer to complete an assignment.

Teachers will know exactly how to format these projects and/or school work in correct ways to make their students stay active in learning and thinking to be prepared for the upcoming school year since they obviously will be teaching it for the rest of the school year. Since the projects and/or school work will be teacher-designed, their teachers can make sure it's relating to things they will eventually go more in depth with but be put into summer assignments to give some challenge or hints to students for what they're gonna go into more throughout the school year. The summer assignment from their upcoming teachers can also give the student an understanding of how the teachers teaching style is. And the expectations the teacher has since the work is given directly to the student by the teacher themselves.

Teachers can also make sure to include in their summer project some previously learned information on their summer assignments to not only see if they remember and fully learned that particular concept, but to also see where as a student they stand and if they need more help or attention with that topic. It can help a teacher get to know a student better by seeing where they stand as a student after the work they did in their previous classes/grade. Also, putting in some challenging work from the previous grade can also tell the students that the particular topic or concept could be something their upcoming teacher thinks is very important to fully understand in order to move forward, or just to understand in general. It can give the student an idea of how their teacher thinks and will be doing things from now on.

Since teachers became teachers by going to graduate school and some having other degrees included for their job, they usually have a good, if not, great understanding of good teaching skills and tactics and work format styles from their own past professors and previous teaching experiences. If they have a lot experience, it could help them gain knowledge over the time being on what worked well for them as a teacher and their students versus what didn't work. The teachers could have also been exposed to many different teaching styles and found one they believe is easiest to understand and/or thinks is easiest or their level of students to understand. Teachers can know ways to make sure projects or assignments could be organized good while also not entirely taking up a whole students summer with school work. They can organize it so it's spread out or split up into parts at a time so they don't put much pressure on the student who could feel overwhelmed by all the work they have to complete in a short amount of time. Especially if the student waits until the last minute to complete their summer assignment because they thought the assignment was really long and time consuming.

Going back to how some students could think that they could make an assignment just as equally as efficient themselves just as teachers would, teacher-designed projects would be more efficient regardless since it could be more helpful to teacher because it could be based on exactly what the teacher wants to know about what the student knows to help them succeed for the rest of the school year. And most summer assignments are different depending on the class too. If a student is going into a class they've never taken before, how could they make up a student-designed summer assignment to help them when their teacher could just give them a direct summer assignment as a jump start for the school year. Teacher-designed jump-start summer assignments are just less problematic, more reliable, and reasonable for everyone overall.    