Distance learning is a new learning method for students to attend classes from home by online or you can video conference. Schools have brought distance learning in their system for students can do their assignments from home. Many people think this is a great idea and some oppose to this learning method. The schools can see if they are on track or online to their classes but if they arn't in the online class they will be behind in their assignments. Is this new learning method a great way to learn? or does being in a class with a teacher more beneficial for the student?

The main problem in distance learning is if students are really getting on the online class. Students who do get on are on task and on point. The students who get on the computer and get on the online class for a short period of time at home might be playing, or might not be concentrated, because he is at home and dosen't feel like doing it. Students who don't do their assignments they wait until they are at school because in school you arn't distracted like at home you are concentrated and ready to work. Is distance learning beneficial for students at home? for some students it might be but for many it isn't.

Is online learning at home beneficial for students? some students do think its beneficial and a really great idea. Many people prefer learning in class with a teacher because they can ask questions if they don't get the question that is being asked. Students do some of their work but get off in a short period of time if they are at home, if they were at school the students would be on task and doing their assignments, unlike at home they would be off task. Many students prefer teachers teaching them so they can get more information of what they are being taught. Distance learning isn't capable of doing what you do in a classroom. Is distance learning really beneficial?

Is being taught in a classroom more beneficial for students? many students prefer being taught by a teacher than online. Students are more productive and they share their thoughts and explanations in that specific assignment than online classroom. All the students are in the same page and all gathering more information by writing notes and being concentrated in their tasks. Students are more interactive with each other and sharing thoughts and many techniques to get the answers by fellow classmates, also getting good grades. Classroom learning is beneficial for many students and teachers.

Students have their own way of learning, it doesn't matter if its distance learning nor in a classroom. It is how they feel how they enjoy learning. Students will say this is the best way for learning other no this is, it doesn't matter what you think is the best way to learn its how you enjoy learning something it is the best way for you. The students who prefer distance learning really do it at home and feel like they are learning mush more at than in a classroom. Students who enjoy learning in a classroom like being around peers and want knowledge from everyone around them. They are both beneficial for that specific student.     