Students will benefit from having the option to attend classes from home. There are several schools that offer the choice to learn from home and students have been able to benefit from it. Allowing students to have a choice in their education offers relief from forcing them to learn a certain way that brings them discomfort. Some may believe that offering distance learning is an awful idea because it keeps students from society, and while that may be true the option offers a unique way of learning. Students should be able to attend classes from home because it offers a comfortable environment for them to learn in, it gives them another way to learn, and it prepares them for a possible future.

While learning students should feel comfortable in the environment they are in and doing it from home allows them freedom from other outside pressures. Allowing students to attend classes from home removes stress from having to do assignments in a rush; however, there are certain programs that do have time limits for assignments, some give students a leeway to do them. For example, my cousin felt stress and discomfort at his school with the way he was learning, so my family moved him to online learning at home, and now he is in a better environment to succeed in his education. Some may believe that the way someone learns has nothing to do with their environment, and while it might be true, we can see how students can be affected by observing them. Furthermore, certain environments give prime examples of how comfort affects the way students receive knowledge.

In the world some people are not provided with many choices in how they want their life to be, so offering the option to students is a pleasant idea. Some children in other parts of the world do not get to have a choice in how they receive an education, so giving the option does matter. Each student perceives knowledge in a different way and because the world is changing with technology and the internet, attending classes at home by the way of online or video conferencing does not sound like such a horrific idea. There are people who do not like the idea of changing the way students learn because they are terrified of change, so offering the choice is a problem to many. Others have the belief that giving the choice to students on how they want to learn is an amazing idea because it allows them to have a say in how they want to go about their education.

One last benefit of allowing students to learn from home is that they will be prepared for the future if they decide to pursue a job or career that makes you work from home. While students are learning at home, they are also getting the experience of working at home and developing skills for the future. Although there are people who have the belief that working from home isn't actually a job because you aren't considered to be working; there are plenty of examples of people who work at home and have made successful careers from being at home. Plenty of people have made incredible careers from the experience of learning at home, so it is a possibility for those students who get the chance to learn at home. Students will have a chance to be prepared for a possible future if they so desire while getting a different learning experience from it all.

In conclusion, students will benefit in different ways from being offered the option to attend classes at home. Schools are allowing students to have a say in their education which is what matters because choices are considered to be something important. Attending classes at home allows students to have an option in the way they receive knowledge because it could be a fun, unique, and new way of learning for them. While students will be in a pleasant environment, will be given a choice, and will be prepared for something in a near future. Furthermore, changing the way students learn will be a key part in the future when everything changes with time.