Dear,

State senator

I am righting to you today about about a very important topic, I am here to tell you that I believe we should change from Electoral College to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. There are many reasons why we should do this transaction.

First reason, why we should change to election by popular vote is because Electoral College is very unfair to the the people running for presdient, and the people voting. Its unfair mostley because of the winner-take-all system in each state. This system is ridicolus because a lot of candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. I know a lot of crazy systems like this are making people not want to vote anymore, which is not good.

Another great reason, why we should change from the Electoral College to election by popular vote is because of how out of date and irrational the Electoral College actually is. Us the people of the United States don't even get to vote for our next president directly, you help choose your state's electors when you vote for president because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors.

The last reason, why we should change over to election by popular vote is because of the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. The way the Electoral College handles ties is unprofessional to many, becasue all they do is throw the election to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. The single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters.

In Conclusion, As you can see Mr. Senator Me and many others would really enjoy if the Electoral College was changed to election by popular vote. The reason being is because of how the Electoral College is unfair and irrational.

Sincerley, PROPER_NAME                               