Venus, a planet, also know was Evening Star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky which is a misleading point since Venus is a planet thats is the second planet from our sun and often referred as Earth's twin due it being the closest planet to Earth in terms of its density and size and its occasionally distance as well. In space terms Venus is considered to be right around corner which has lead to humans sending many of their spacecraft to land their spacecraft on Venus which caused each previous mission to be considered unmanned mainly because no spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours and as a result it explains the reason why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades and that nemerous factors contribute to Venus´sreputation as a challenging planet to study, despite is proximity to us.

Venus has conditions that are far more extreme than anything humans can encounter on Earth and also notable Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to our sun. Mercury planet surface temperature averages over 8000 degrees Fahrenheit and the atomsphereic pressure that is 90 times greature than we experience on our planet and such an environment would even crush a subermarine that is made to explore the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. Venus has a thick atmosphere that is made of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide and blankets Venus. The most challenging are the clouds that are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus´s atmosphere. Venus geology and weather introduces natural disaters such as erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes, which makes it harder to land on Venus without experiencing one of these dangers.

Despite Venus being very dangerous, astronomers are fascinated by Venus because they believed it was once have been the most Earth-like planets. Astronomers also believed Venus was once covered largely with Oceans could have supported various form of life we may have not been familiar with just like on Earth. Venus also some things that are simlar to Earth such as the rocky surface that include familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. Venus can also be considered our nearest option for a planetary visit, which is a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel.

Trying to exceed the challenges showned by Venus has its uses because human cruiosity will likely lead us into many equally problems in the futures. and our adventures on Earth should be limited by dangers and doubts but a determination of that should expand our very limits.   