The President of the United States is currently determined by an electoral college. The electoral college process involves the public voting for their elector and not the main focus, the candidates. Through this, many of the states gain more power than they should, and the votes are set up as a "Winner-takes-all" system. This unneccessary and inaccurate use of votes is outdated and needs to be shut down.

In an instant, an electoral college voter could change his or her mind and go against his or her original political party. This is a completely unfair use of power because it reverses all of the votes that went to the elector and to all of the voters who were counting on the elector to properly represent their vote. The voters have no say in whether the elector will stay true to his or her party.

The easiest way to prove that the electoral college must go, is to reveal the facts. In source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College it states "over sixty percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now". Multiple icons such as Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO have stated they would like to abolish the electoral college as well! We now have the majority vote to put an end to the electoral college and the unfair system.

"Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote," says source 2. A tie in the votes, which is very much possible since the total number of votes is 538, according to source 1, could then allow the fate of America to rest in the hands of the House of Representatives, a miniscule representation of the people. If the voting system were to be changed to the popular vote, the results would accurately display the winner that the majority of America chose.

"It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational," says Bradford Plumer, and he couldn't be closer to the truth. The electoral college system does not represent the people of America accurately and is more likely to result in a tie compared to the popular vote. To conclude, source 3 says the electoral college is "a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner

".    