In many schools the physical expression of everyones face doesnt really matter to a computer. The communication with students and computers is a bad idea because it won't have good outcomes to many people involved. The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable because it won't have any affect on the students, it will cost a lot of money to build, and it will be completely useless.

The use of this technology won't have any affect on the students. Many of the students nowadays will not be surprised by this idea. This explains why the use of this technology won'þ affect the students. Another reason, is that if the use of this technology goes to the schools many students won't care. This also helps explain why the use of this technology won't affect the students. The students and their physical emotions towards others aren't important to them.

Having the use of this technology in school will cost too much money to build. The cost's be a lot to program in each computer at very school. This explains that the school budget will be oout of hand. Also constructing a camera that detects emotion in a 3-D face model will be the most expensive piece to the computer. This reason helps explain why many of the computers would be expensive to purchase. Schools being able to buy this will cost way to much money and could even have a budget problem.

Also the idea of using this technology in school is completely useless. Many schools will have no point of having this being in their computer system. This is why many schools will most likely reject this idea. Another reaosn, is that schools will have no benfit of having this for their students. This is why having this new technology is completely useless. These reason show why the the use of this technology is useless.

The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable because it won't have any affect on the students, it will cost a lot of money to build, and it will be completely useless. The idea of even having this technology in our schools won't be good for the benefit of our schools and students.         