During Summer Break, Should they let students do their own kind of projects or teachers?

Students should do their own kind of projects because they can show they've learned over time and make it into a project where they show what they've learned. If it was teacher- designed, it wouldn't allow kids to express what they've been learning when the teacher is giving them instruction on what do. When kids show what they can do and put into a project, it shows that they've really payed attention and understood the lessons over the years. Also, the projects can allow students to reflect on what they learned and make something creative out of it.

My Friend Generic_Name, had to do a project over summer during middle school. Her teacher allowed them to do it on their own and see what they can do. At first, she was startled because she didn't know what to do. She asked me for help but i couldn't cause i was struggling as well on what to do. We started planning one day, and remembering what we've learned over the past year. The thing she remembered most was in her history class, her teacher taught her something valuable and it was " You work hard enough, you can achieve anything in the world." That stuck with her for 5 years and she still remembered it. So for her project she did something based on that quote. She designed a poster where it shows the quote and little pictures of each class and showing what she liked about it. In the end, She liked doing her own project without any instructions from her teacher. It made her think what she mostly remember from that year, and reflect on it. If she didn't have the confidence to do that, then who knows if she could've done it without her teacher's help.

My brother Generic_Name, when it was his last year of high school, his teacher made him do a project on what they have learned and remembered most out of their 4 years of high school. The thing he remembers most was his mechanical teacher having faith in him and telling him he could do it when no one believed in him. In his project, he made a poster based on his teacher and something he said " You believe in yourself, you can accomplish anything what the world gives you." During those 4 years, he struggled with school. He though he couldn't do it and he didn't even know what he was going to do after high school. But when he joined this mechanics class, he fell in loved with everything. All his time was invested into mechanics. His teacher saw potential in him when he first walked into class. Then one day, his teacher called him up and asked what he wants to do after high school, He had no answer because he didnt know what to do. So his gave him a opportunity to get an interview with this company he know and worked their before. And at first he was speechless, because no one in that school believed in him and thinks that he wouldn't do nothing with his life. So in the poster, he wrote a passage on why he fell in love with that class and he added pictures of him and his teacher working together. It showed that, with someones faith you can and you will achieve something great out of life. If no believed in him, then he wouldn't be working in that company that his teacher told him to join and he wouldnt be doing nothing in his life that he would've liked.

My Best Friend Generic_Name, had a teacher that liked her personality and the way she made people feel loved and included when no one wanted to. At the end of middle school, her teacher asked everyone to do a project. So for her project, she did it on one person which it was about her teacher. Her Spanish teacher, was strict on students but never lost faith in each student she had. But something about her made my friend and her have a connection. My friend has a mom that supports her in everything, but her Spanish teacher never had a kid. So my friend Generic_Name was like a daughter to her. She felt like she had a bond like her mom. Then one day for parent's night, Generic_Name's mom went to her Spanish class, and her teacher and her mom clicked away. They've became best friends out of no where. She was surprised because she didnt know if they would like each other or something she thought wouldn't work out. They've been friend's for 8 years already, and have so much in common. Her teacher was a person she can go for anything and without one question be afraid to tell her anything. So for her project, she did a poster of her mom and Spanish teacher. The connection they have, no one in the world could have that. Her Spanish teacher was important to her because she felt alone sometimes and had no one to talk to and she felt like she can go to her and talk about her problems with her. They have a bond she won't forget ever. She added pictures and saying thank you for everything for and nothing less. And for helping her in her rough days and making them somewhat better. If no one helped her in her bad times or no asked whats wrong, then who knows if she still be in school.

Although some might think, my friend Generic_Name, my brother Generic_Name, and my best friend Generic_Name. If they each didn't have a teacher who had faith in them who knows what they would be doing right now. They each had someone that cared and loved them when one wanna to. I think having that special someone can do wonders in life and help out a lot. So teachers should let their students do their own project without no instructions and let them rethink what they they have learned and make it into a project where they could lay out their ideas and make it into something wonderful.    