Students attend classes from home.

Should students gonna be benefit from being able to attend classes from home? the reasons why students are gonna be benefit from being able to take classes in their house are the following: students can sleep more time during the morning so, they can concentrate better, students are not gonna be distracted by their classmates, and students can do their work when do they have tome to do it.

Students can sleep more time during the morning so, this let's to students to have more energy and learn new stuff in a better way. It is already proof that most students who sleep better during night have a better output scholarship. Also they can have some snacks in their house, so they are not gonna be hungry and their brain it is not gonna be thinking in food. If students start getting stressed they can a take a break or take a nap, as long they finish their assignments. And this gives them more energy to continue working on any assignment.

Students are not gonna be distracted by their classmates, so they can concentrate in a better way. Also students can learn more fast and have their own way lo learn new stuff, because all students have different ways to learn. Most of the students work better when they are alone in a place without voices. Also many students get a better concentration when they are listening to music, and many teachers do not aloud students to do it during their classes. The majority of students likes to talk with their friend during class and this interrupts the other students who really want to put attention, if students took classes in their houses this would not be a problem.

Students can do their assignments when they want and have time to do it. Students can use as much time as they need so, this let's student to do a better work and time to add some creativity. Most of the student do a better work when they want to do it and not when someone is forcing them to do it or have just one class to finish it; for example, when teachers gave a due date to finish a assignment many student start stressing them selves, and if they took classes in their house they have more time to work on it. If student prefer to sleep during the day they can finish their assignments during the night. But what about if students have any question; how are they going to ask to their teacher?

Students would love to have all day and night to finish their assigments at home. Students are going to have a better education and learn in a better way. Students can decide how much time they wants to spend on each assignment. Students are going to improve their grades. Many students are gonna be benefit to attend classes in their own house                          