Dear Principle,

Some of my friends do community service for our town. Meanwhile, some of my other friends do not do community service, and think that it is a waste of their time. I think that community service is a wonderful thing to do. I think that you should consider making community service mandatory for all students. Community service, helps others in need, teaches students responsibility, and gets them involved in what is happening around them.

First of all, community service helps others in need. By making community service mandatory, you will be helping the lives of many other people or the environment. Little things like picking up trash in the park, or walking a neighbors dog, would really help out the town and the people living in it. Small things can make a big difference. And if everyone has to do community service, our town will be making a big difference in our community.

Next, community service will teach students responsibility. Having to be somewhere to help someone every week or so, will teach them responsibility. Helping someone out will teach students how to be responsible, and how to manage their time wisely. Some people said that it would be a waste of their time to do community service. When it is not a waste, and could also help them out. For example, if a student likes playing at a park, but they do not do their part to help keep it clean, it can be closed. One person makes a big difference.

Lastly, it helps students get involved in what around them. Community service will help students to know what is going on in their town. By helping out a less fortunate family will let a student know that there are people in town that need help. And that there are little things that we can do to help them. Also, if a student is tutoring a child, they will learn that there are kids that may need a little more help then he or she might need. And that tutoring them can help make a very big difference.

In conclusion, I think you should make all students do community service for our town. It will help many others in our town that need help. It will help teach students responsibility. Also, it will get students involved in what is happening around them. Therefore I think that you should make community service mandatory for all students in our school.