Some students have a hard time getting to school. Whether it be sickness, not having a ride to school, or even a family emergency, getting to school can be difficult sometimes and often students will suffer consequences if they arent able to show up to school, especially since only a certain number of those absences can be marked as excused. Teachers may also have difficulty getting to school, or its simpy better for them to work from home and aviod the irritation of some students,Something that would be able to solve this issue is if classes were able to be online. Even though most of the class work is already online, some students grades are going down even if they do the work from home, and most of the time its because attendance is a portion of the grade. I strongly agree that online classes would be beneficial to students, and education in general because it makes it easier to participate in classes, students are able to still attend class if they are missing school, and finally if the school has to cancel due to weather or illness related issues, students are still able to meet with the teacher and get their work done, and get help if needed.

One of the many reasons online school would be beneficial is because it makes it easier for students who might have social issues and have a hard time participating in class activities. I have a friend named Generic_Name who has really bad anxiety and often misses a lot of school because shes afraid of having to present in class, or deal with other students face to face. Specifically in her history class, where her teacher assigns lots of group projects, or work that needs to be presented, its really challenging for her to focus, If her class were to be an online course, it would eliminate the fear of presenting in front of her class, because she could have a private session with the teacher, and possibly present it that way, or with a smaller group of students that shes comfortable with. Now some people could disagree, and say Generic_Name needs to get over her fear,and education is more important, but having the option for an online class would help her relax, and focus more on her school work rather than her personal fears.

Another reason it would be beneficial is if a student misses a class. My friend Generic_Name was sick not that long ago with the flu, and missed all of her classes for a week straight. Even though she did her work, her grade and attendance suffered because she wasnt able to show up to class, and most of the absences were unexcused. If classes were online, she would be able to log on, and get her attendance points, and her points from the curriculum. People could disagree and say that students would get lazy, and not long onto the program to do their work, however those students would still have to face the consequences of a lower grade and possible detention,or a mark off for not signing into the programs. Its really the same as a regular class, it just offers the comfort of home, and personal resources and still gives students the opportunity to get the help they need.

The last example is if schools had to shut down due to weather or other issues. School districts only have a certain amount of school days they can miss before they have to start cutting into summer vacation, which is unfair for both students and teachers. Due to current events, the Corona Virus is making lots of parents and students paranoid, and while my school personally has around 15 days of off time since we didnt get any snow this year, that would either be 15 days of missed schooling entirely, or if we end up surpassing those days, the school year extends to meet the days required to be in school.

If most classes were able to be taken online, teachers would still be able to teach the required lessons and students would be able to learn, and still have time to ask the teacher for help or advice. An issue that rises up with that is some classes or lessons wouldnt be able to be taught online like experiments in a science class or a class like Physical education, but those can easily be made up, and if need be, those classes can remain physical if thats what the school board needs, or what the students need to meet the graduation requirements. Again, its not that much different than regular schooling.

In Conclusion, The idea of having online or at home schooling would be very beneficial to students and teachers as well. It offers the security that the student will still be able to do what they need to get done and gives the student a sense of responsibility by taking charge of their own education. While it may be challenging to turn some classes into an online course, it ultimately helps the school and even the students in times of need by being a security blanket in case something happens.