The system of the Electoral College is a widely argued debate as to if it should be continued or if it should be gotten rid of. The electoral system shouldn't be used as a system of voting, who honestly wants to vote for someone who will vote for you, and if we are truly a state thats votes for its own president then why doesn't the popular vote count as the offical vote?

The Electoral College is a system that is rather unfit as a system of the people's voting. When you vote for your president, you're really just voting for who you think should vote for them. The article "Does the Electoral College Work?" states, "...when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for you candidate's electors." The Constitution states that we are able to vote for our president, but then what do you call this? This is not an example of what America stands for, and this is certainly not the voting system that is described by our nation's properties. There is another issue with this violation of rights concerning our voting system, it's how the Electoral College votes and how dependable they are. The article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong." talks about how you can't control who the electorals you chose vote for. "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always." This statement helps prove that the president you may want may not even get you vote. The Electoral College not only takes away your right to assuringly vote for the president of your choice, but it also takes away right personal voting right as an American. Don't let someone else detain your freedom of speech, let you personal voice be heard by the people.

While the Electoral College may seem like a sure fire way to assure that we get a president, that doesn't really mean the majority wants that president. Think about it, we don't always get the president we voted for. Popular vote doesn't really matter, it's like saying you voice doesn't matter to the government. They took away the right as an American they gave you in the first place. Popular vote should replace the Electoral College. There have been instances where the popular vote reined supreme, but the Electoral College didn't agree. In the article, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" it mentions an election where Al Gore lost even though he won the popular vote. "...according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency..." This helps show the people that it seems our vote isn't what is truly important, it's only what the Electoral College does that makes a true impact on choosing of president for the next two years. It's even stated in the very same article that, "...over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." If our vote truly matters then why not vote on keeping the Electoral College in play or getting rid of the flawed system once and for all.

The Electoral college is claimed to keep the voting system in line and prevent major mess, however this is not truly the case. There will still be flaws, but this is not the correct way to fix it. Listening strictly to the people's vote is what Amercia was built on and as an American I would like to see a change and let my voice be heard. If I want to vote I will vote, I don't want to vote on someone voting for me.

The Electoral College is unfair, unjust, and unamerican. The system takes away our right to vote for who we want not who we want to vote for us. If you are a true American you will understand why I know this is flawed. The Electoral College is not a proper way to handle our votes it must be a vote decided completely by the people of Amercia.    