Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I have to disagree, I do not like this idea. For some people a "B" average is very hard to get to. School, is getting harder, I understand where your coming from. A "B" average for some people, they just can't do it. The work is hard for all athletes to get "A" and "B" averages. To juggle sports and practices, then getting good grades. That's really hard. If you can do all of that, and get an "A" or a "B" average that person should be very proud of themselves. You have to go to practice then after that you do homework. Some people just can't juggle all of that. It takes time to get that all settled out. It's hard to get use to. Your tired most of the time when you play sports. You go from School, to practice, then you get home late and you are wore out. You don't have time to do your homework. You get wore out, you have to do a lot when you play sports. That's why some people don't play. They want to keep there grades up. If they played a sport it would be harder for them to study. I understand you want us students, to have very good grades. You can't expect that from every single student. That's hard for some people. I mean some athletes can do it. Most athletes are included in a lot of extra curricular activities at school. They have clubs, and sports, and most of them keep there grades up. It just depends on how much stress you can take. Playing sports, is really stressful, when you have homework, and clubs. You get tired and worn out when you do a lot. You just have to suck it up and deal with it, it's a part of being a real athlete. Some people aren't cut out to be a athlete. It's a lot of work, if you want to be good. Some kids play all sports, that come in a regular season. It's hard, but they do it. Some people don't understand all the stuff athletes have to deal with and go through, its hard work. If you do it you are apart of the team and you can't quit. Most great athletes at school have a "B" average. If you don't have great athletes, you don't have a good team. I'm all for it if your failing two or more classes you can't play, but just a "C" average. I don't like that. I know it's not my call of how you do things. All of that was just my opinion.