Being able to prove someones true emotion through a science method is a bright idea. Therefore, after reading about the Facial Action Coding System it is very benefical in many ways. In paragraph one the experts states that "She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. Meaning this data isn't just something from a lab science teacher this is acurrate data from a new coming modern software. Having a computer connect with humans on a different level than just historical information can only help the society. Experts are only trying to better the way the human brian and body functions. In the text it states that Dr. Huang and Dr. Nicu are coming together to increase better communication between computers and humans. "are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate". These two master minds are making sure readers know every step by step it takes to create this software without doing any harm. For example "computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the faces; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles". Meaning the software must reflect off a human like body or it wouldn't function correctly. "Movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit". After the doctors finds out what it takes for the software to be a sucess they then go deeper into networking with a psychologist. Reaching out to the creater of FACS (Facial Action Coding System) Dr. Paul Eckman. Knowing that this software isn't basic Eckman simply starts out with the software using only the six basic emotions, which are happiness, surprise, anger, digust, fear, and sadness. In the text it states that these facial expressions are world wide "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal", Experts say that the FACS can identify true emotions through a real face or painted one "the new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements in a real or painted face". In paragraph 5 it states that experts studied closely to make sure a painted face could be useful with the software "studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions". This new software can help students function in the classroom when they are confused or bored they can easily get help rather than being ignored "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored" says Dr. Huang. Using this software can let others know when someone is genuine happy or if they are just putting on a show. "They even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one". experts say in a real smile the corners of your mouth is lifted rather in a forced on your mouth is being stretched. The Facial Action Coding System isn't only helping society grow it's helping science better as well "making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotions".