The thought of driverless cars is amazing. Are there more dangers than what we think? If the car is supposed to alert the drive what happens if it fails to do so in enough time to stop the crash? If it is driverless your kids could start the car and leave they wouldnt need to even touch the wheel. Driverless cars are a great idea but the dangers and other factors have not been depated yet.

Just think it drives itself, your daughter wants to go somewhere and you wont take her. She could turn the car on and set a destination anywhere and the car would take her there. You lost your car to an eight year old who couldnt reach the pedals. Now if the car had to be driven by a person she wouldnt have been able to leave. Also if your sick and dizzy and you need to go to the hospital your car could take you there. If someone is injured and you have to help them while the car is moving thats another advantage.

Your on a trip to california from indiana and your afraid to fly so you drive with the new driverless car. You get bored because you dont have to do anything,and your getting tired. So you fall asleep in the car; up ahead there is a broken bridge and your car couldnt wake you up and you missed the detour because your car was incapable of doing its job. Fortunatly your car has a sensor to that aplies the brakes when the driver does not wake up and take the wheel.

A teenager who DOES NOT know how to drive is supposed to steal a car for a gang as an initiation. He knows what the new driverless car looks like. Its the new car you just bout for 30 Thousand dollors. He brakes into the car and turns it on and sets the destination for the gangs warehouse. It drives itself there. He wouldnt have gotten the car there if it didnt drive itself.

What if the car doesnt stop at the lights and it causes an accident? Three people are injured two end up dieing. It could have been prevented if the driver of the driverless car was paying attention to the road. With the driverless car how many people do you really think will still pay attention to the road. This is a waste of taxe and government money. If we are going to use our money on something it should be to make gas cheaper, help veterans who are homeless, the wounded warriors who give us the freedom to spend money.

Driverless cars yes will change the world but i doubt it is for the better. Kids wont need to have drivers lisence if the car drives itself. How would we know that the vehicle is going to help us and not cause more wrecks.   