Is venus worth it? Venus is a plant that is close to Earth. They call it Earths twin its the same density and size. Venus is closer to the sun than Earth is withc can make it dangerous for it to be explored.

In the past they have tried to explore it they have sent numerous spacecraft to land Venus. Each of the missions have been unmanned. Since no spacecraft have even survied the land more that a few hours. This explains why exploring Venus could be a good reason or a bad reason. The passage states that they have been succesful in three decades. It is a very challenging plant for humans to study. The atmosphere makes it even worse to travel through it being 97 persent carbon dioxide. The preasure from it is 90 percent worse even on top of that it can reach up to 800 degrees fahrenheit.

Is the rish worth taking put humans in dnager just to explor the plant even if they are not sure of it. venus has the hotest surface temperaature than any other plant in our solar system. They say astrnomers are fascinated by Venus because its like Earth. NASA

is also working on studying Venus.

They say Venus has value because human curiosity will likely lead into intimidating endeavors. They also say that even though there are dangers here that means that we shouldn't stop what we are doing we keep pushing. They also say beacuse of doubts they shouldn't give up. If a spacecraft can't stay there for more than two hours then how do you explore it with out having risks. This could put people in dnager. They shouldn't go Because of the risks, Some peopel might want to go because of the golory of acheaving that goal for NASA but its just not safe to risk exploring a plant that has bad condictions.

In conclusion exploring a plant with 800 deagrees and 90 percet worse preasure than Earth. A spacecraft has not been able to land there more than two hous you need more than two hours to descover a plant. The risk is huge for exploring Venus. It is also the hotest plant in our atmosphere. They should not travel Venus at all to big of risk and a lot of doughts to even consider going.