Is it better fro you to ask for more advice or less? In my opinion I believe that the more advice your gaining from different sources is crucial and here are a few reasons why i believe that.

The first reason is that the more sources you talk to it's more likely your going to get more advice then just talking to one source. On top of that if you talk to more sources they will most likely have different opinions from one another. Along with the other reasons the more different opinions those sources have the more advice youre taking in so you can make a smarter decision for yourself.

the second reason i believe it is better to talk to multiple source's is the decision the more advice you gain from the sources makes the decision a lot easier for you to make it would also help you make the correct decision. From experience it's a lot better to get more advice than a little amount. I needed some advice about a game to buy so i went to one of my closest friends he told me to get a game that he had and it would be super fun if we both played it together. but i was pretty hesitant of just buying the game because i didn't think i would play it very much because it didn't seem that interesting to me so what i did was went to a couple more of my other friends and they all suggested a different game than what my best friend suggested but they all suggested the same game everyone else did though and since they all had the game i went with the game they suggested and now i play it almost everyday with them.

The third reason i believe it is smart to talk to multiple source's for taking in advice instead of just talking to one source is opinions. The source's could have different opinions if you talk a lot different sources you might hear something you didn't even think about and that could change the solution to your problem for the better or for the worse. Like with the video game situation listened to my other friend's game suggestions i would had wasted my money on something i wasn't going to play i did listen to my other friends opinions i bought something i want to play. so you see that even strange suggestions can help make a decision on if you want to buy or sell or maybe even keep something. but like i said different suggestions can have a great impact on what your decision may be because without my best friend's suggestion i wouldn't have gone an talked to my other friend's about what i should buy.

Those are three reasons why i would talk to multiple different source's and get there advice instead of just talking to only one source and getting a microscopic amount of advice compared to the amount of advice i would get talking to multiple source's.