Dear TEACHER_NAME

I think that people shouldn't have to do community service unless they get into legal trouble such as a fight, and they are charged with assault. Or if someone steals something and they are charged with stealing.

I think that as long as someone does what he is supposed to do then it is okay that they don't have to do community service. Like how would you feel if someone just put a task in front of you without your permission, when you could be studying, or exercising to prevent not being fat like this country is now, and not being dumb like most of the country is. So i say that we should really be doing things that can help ourselves and do community service whenever we want. Because if you force someone to do something, we wont like it. So if you make people do community service nobody will do it. We will just say we did it even though we didn't. And tree huggers, AKA environmentalists

Anyway they are obsessed with the earth but what they don't get is that big companies are starting to fund research to find greener ways to help the environment so that we can run on electricity. We shouldn't do it because we are kids and we don't have to go and pick up trash in the middle of the road where cars are coming and trucks can hit us. And the government is already slowly demolishing our freedoms to save the little fishies that swim in gutters. They live on algae and stuff so why ban phosphates in dishwasher detergent, or get rid of mercury in light bulbs and have the green light bulbs which shine too bright or too dull. So the government really shouldn't take our rights away. So i say if they are doing something about it we shouldn't have to worry about it. So Elementary kids can learn by their teachers. Why in the heck do kids that learn how to spell need tutoring? Their teacher should teach them, or their guardians or whoever the heck they live with tutor them, why don't they help the kids and not us, when sometimes we mess up on the stuff too. Why cant we go do something with our lives because we make our lives. We don't need anyone else to control them. So don't force us to do something we don't want to do, or buy something we don't want to buy, or force us to not buy something so we eat with dirty dishes.

WE LIVE ON THIS PLANET TOO!!!

And Lord help us all when the world ends, because by the looks of it, we don't have the time to do everything we need to because we are fat and dumb. So if you make us do community service we will not do good in school because we are too tired to do anything. If you put in a sleep time that would be nice though. Because I remember in pre-k no-one wanted to sleep, and now i want to sleep every period and I'm in 8th grade. So seriously, please switch that around. Thank you for taking your time to read this thing, even though we should be in class studying something else.

Sincerely

STUDENT_NAME