I think that driverless cars are a good idea in theory, but in practice they seem impracticle, costly, and unsafe. Smart cars require quite alot of preperation for something that is so underwelming. Same thing goes for investing money into cars that are incredibly slow and dumb when compared to us. Lastly, smart cars aren't guranteed to not crash or accidently run off a bridge because it couldn't see that the bridge had been demolished later that day.

Smart cars may be smart, but that doesn't make them better. Smart cars have to guess and assume what will happen based on what they were told by their programming. Smart cars rely a whole lot on electronics, so they could be in theory hacked or misinformed sending it into the wall of the house to it's left because it was told that everything was considered road and not impassable terrain. "Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheal, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirrow, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor."

Even though driverless cars are possible doesn't make it cheap. It's possible to build a skyscraper out of gold, but it would probably require more then all the money on earth to afford it. Even if you could build this golden skysraper, what would happen after that? Gold is a rather soft material so it would most likely weather away as time wore on and would eventually collapse, even if it wasn't destroyed what would you do with a golden skyscraper that you couldn't do with a normal one? "Radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. It wasn't something you could buy at a Radio Shack"

Finally we get to the main issue with self driven cars, are they safe. Nothing is less safe then a machine that can act on its own, it doesn't require any input from the driver to accelerate or make a turn. Even with all the safety restraints in the world, these cars would still manage to injure or kill people. Artificial Intelligence isn't the same thing as a machine that can act on its own, AI actually thinks about what will happen if they do this or that, machines just do what their told. "Presently, traffic laws are written wih the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times."