Venus is known as the second planet from our sun, it's sometimes called the "Evening Star" despite it wasn't a star at all. It was also referred as Earth's "twin," since Venus is the closest with density and size in terms of Earth's. But, we really don't know alot about Venus. Now why is that we don't sent any rovers, satelites, ANYTHING to get some few informations about Venus for the last three decades?

Because anything that touched the surface of Venus surrvived less than three hours. Which gathered the reputation as the as the challenging planet to study.

What is the challenges of studying Venus? Well, first of all, The atmospere of Venus has a THICK layer of carbon dioxide the covers 98% of the planet, in which makes Everything a much hoter place,but, to top it of with the atmosphere problem, the clouds in there have highly corrosive sulfuric acid. If we some how passes through the atmosphere, than we'll face ANOTHER problem with the ground. Since Venus is the second planet from our sun and with all those carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, the surface ground temperature is over 800 DEGREES FAHRENHEIT. In which with the surface and the atmosphere, it could basically melt many types of metal with no problem. Another Problem is that the atmosphereic preassure is 90x greater than our Earth, with that much preassure could easily crushed a submarine that is built to surrvive the deeper end of the ocean. From what we gather small information from our space craft, the geology of venus pretty much have erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes.

Despite all of the troubles and challenges that Venus caused, many of the scientists, astronomers, and including the author themself think that it's worth all of the trouble to get s much information as possible to get to know more of Venus. But WHY is it worth studying it? Well, Astronomers are fascinated and interested in the past of Venus as many of them has theorized that might've used to be a lot like Earth from long time ago, with Venus used to oceans that support life like ours. Another reasons why it's worth the trouble and money to study it is that Venus could be our next Planetery visit as our nearest option.

To me, I'd thought that it wouldn't be worth all the trouble to study more of this when we can study other planets like mars that support life better than Venus since it's surface and atmosphere wasn't as crazy as Venus'.