Dear Mr. State Senator,

I am writing this lettter to talk about how the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. First, the Electoral College is unfair to voters. Second, there could be a tie in the electoral vote. Last, the voters are merely voting for the slate of electors rather than the president. Those are my points on why to take away the Electoral College.

To start this off the Electoral College is unfair to the voters. Because of the "winner-take-all system in each state", the candidates don't take time to go to other states that they know they will lose, they only really focus on the "swing" states. For example, during the 2000 campaign, seventeen statesdidn't see the candidates in their state at all, also 25 of the largest media markets had not seen a single campaign ad from a candidate. Also it's unfair because voters don't really know who to vote for because they see no campaign ads and candidates don't show up to their state and tell them what he/she is running for. That's why the Electoral College is unfair to voters of the presidential election.

Second, there could be a tie in the electoral vote. In the case of the tie it would go straight to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote for the president. By this the House's decision is no where close to that of the people in their state. The election is omly a few swing voters away from catastrophe. That's why it is bad if the vote ends in a tie.

Lastly, the voters are merely voting for the slate of electors rather than the president. For instance, if you "lived in Texas and wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry." The worst part is that the electors could be anyone you don't even have to hold a political position to be an elector, they could be very biased and narrowminded. That's why the Electoral College is unfair.

In conclusion Mr. Senator the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational because it is unfair to voters, there could be a tie in the electoral vote and the voters are merely voting for a slate of electors and not there president. So Mr. Senator I would like for you to take this into concideration and Abolish the Electoral College!                                                                            