A lot of people don't know that this techonolgy nowadays could determine the way you feel, it could determine the emotions that peope feel. It also shows the emotions or feelings of others. People probably think that this some type of joke or laugher kind of way when its not there really is techonology nowadays that could detect it. There's probably many ways people can detect to read the emotional expressions of students. Some ways that you probably didn't even know of.

A lot of people wonder how this works they don't really know that one easy way to show emotion or to show how you feel is by looking at them and looking at their actions. Once you have already seen them and that they are feeling some kind of way that's when you realize that there is something going on or that their sad or happy or that they are just going through stuff. People know that by the facial expressions on their face. They say that us as humans perform the same impressive "calculation". Some people struggle or have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried,sad,etc. This would be one easy way students can detect emotions.

Parents probably disagree about using technology when showing their emotions. Not just parents but maybe some students wouldn't like it either but if they think about it instead of waisting your time just guessing what their emotions are you would know if they use the proper techonology. They had made a process that began when the computer constructed a 3-D computer model of the face and it showed that all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles.

Another interesting thing that they discovered was that Dr. Paul Eckman was the creator of FACS (Facial Action Coding System). He had classified six basic emotions- happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. It also associated each with characterestic movements of the facial muscles. They invented somethIng else called video imagery, the new emotion software is that they track facial movement. As you can see its so easy to see their emotions or how they feel. They even show different weighting of units.

The author says that the Mona Lisa demonstrates is really to bring a smile to peoples face while it shows how much the computer can do. It would be really strange if a computer can tell you if your happy or sad.

In my opinion parents and students should get the idea of using techonology its way easier to detect peoples emotions instead of just guessing or thinking you know how they feel. They shouldn't have a problem trying to make the place better.