Driverless cars are the future of driving. It is an inevitable fact, people are already spending countless hours trying to figure out how to make cars safe and driverless, and have made some cars that are nearly driverless. I think that driverless cars are a bad idea. These cars will just help fuel americas lazy lifestyle. Having cars the drive themselves will take all of the fun out of driving. I think that driving is a lot of fun and if we take away peoples ability to drive then we will miss out on a lot of fun and skills that can help in everyday life. Automatic cars are not safe, if there is an accident on the road or constuction or anything blocking the road then the automatic cars will need the assistance of human drivers. The cars that are being produced now are not even fully automatic.

There are some car manufactoring companies that have already made cars that are almost driverless and have been working on making driverless cars for years and years. Some of these companies include General Motors, google (using a Toyota Prius), BMW, Tesla, Mercedes Benz, Audi, and Nissan have all either come out with a car that is almost driverless or has released plans to release them, Tesla in 2016 and the others in 2020. These manufacturing companies have already started making automatic cars and have been working on them for a very long time. I think that if the companies keep working and progressing on the safety issues with the automatic vehicles then maybe these automatic cars can be a good thing.

The American lifestyle, some might say that it is hardworking and free, others howeveer might say that we are lazy. I have to agree with both, we have many citizens that are very hardworking and strive to do their best and improve themselves and others. Sadly that is not all of out citizens, we have a gigantic amount of people in our contry that are lazy, they do not want to work for anything, and expect everything in life to be given to them without them putting forth any more effors than applying for some things online. If the automobile manufactorers release a car that drives itself, that will just be one more thing that the lazy americans do not have to do. It would be another thing just handed to them that they would not have to work for. These cars are made by the hardworking to make life for the lazy easier. I do not think that this is something that needs to happen or something that should even be considered.

When I get in my car and just drive, it is always fun. The feeling of being free and being able to go wherever you want and just to be able to drive is amazing. I think that many people love to drive and if we made automatic cars the manual cars would start to dissappear. Making many people upset and many others miss out of the wonders of driving. Diving a car can help build and develop many skills that can be helpful in every day life and even at work. Driving can help you develop your reflexes and your ability to spot details and be somewhat predictive of what others might do. That can help with plenty of jobs including sports. Learning to drive a car is one of the memories that you will remeber forever. If we have automatic cars then we will miss out on those memories.

Automatic cars will not be safe. These automatic cars can not handle anything besides normal road conditions or even pulling in and out of driveways. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents" (Driverless cars are coming, author unknown). These cars have been built to alert the driver when they need to take over the vehicle, but are still not capable of functioning without a human driver, which could be a safety hazards. If the vehicle is not able to handle the road conditions ahead it will attemp to notify the driver inside, but considering it is an automatic vehicle the driver may have fallen asleep due to the lack of entertainment of activities to keep them alert and then the car nor the driver is able to manuver the obsticles ahead and the could cause an accident resluting in the death of anyone involved.

Driverless cars are coming, and they are going to be dangerous. Driverless cars are coming and they stilll have a lot of issues to work through that could be dangerous. Driverless cars are going to reward the lazy for being lazy, and make them have to do even less work. Taking away the need for human drivers in vehicles will take away great memories, fun adventures, and many valuable skills that peple can gain while driving a car. These cars also can cause many safety issues including accidents from the lack od the cars ability to handle certain situations and could also cause issues if the drivers of these cars fall alseep when there is a sitiuation where there is a need for a human driver. RIght now these cars do not have enough safety features and they do not have enough driving capability to be safe for public use. If the manufactoring companies continue to work on these cars and make improvements, then these cars might not be completely bad, but as of right now they are not safe enough or skillled enought to be sent out to the pubic. 