Dear Mr. Senator, there is a huge concern over who's vote is the real vote, Americas, or the Electoral College "Your vote counts" is what the citizens of America always hear when it is finally time to vote. But does it really count the way that it should? The tuesday after the first monday in November, everyone is going crazy lining up outside of the voting polls and waiting to make their vote count for who they want their new president to be. But are they really voting for a President or a state of electors? Whats the point of even putting in our vote if the Electoral College is gonna take over and vote for who they want. It makes no sense at all.

It is completely understood that they use the peoples votes  for who they pledged on but that really has no purpose. Instead of having the people of America vote then why don't we just have the Electoral College be the only people to vote? So basically when the people of America go and vote they are not voting for any president at all. Instead they are voting for Democratic and Republican electors. That completely overrides the whole purpose for the Presidential election.

In 2002, Al Gore lost the election due to the Electoral College. He had more individual votes but George Bush had more electoral votes. That proves that many peoples vote doesnt count. If more people voted for Gore thats what the people of America wanted and there was proof. So it was very unfair how Bush won because of electoral votes. Why do the people of America even vote if things like that may happen, how come they encourage us to vote, why not just let the Electoral College do all the voting for who they preffer? If the people cant get what they want then why do we even vote for it?

The only real reason that the people are to vote is to be played. America is being fooled by thinking that their vote does something when really it does nothing at all. If Bush won because of the Electoral College and not individual votes why did the people even vote?  If noone were to vote then we would still have a president because, the Electoral College would just vote for who they wanted instead right? So why must America vote? If our votes count then why would we need an Electoral College to assist in the presidential election? America should be able to get who they want not who the Electoral College wants. So the question usually asked should not be, "Did you vote" but instead, "Did the Electoral College vote"?

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME                                                                                                        