Dear TEACHER_NAME,

My name is STUDENT_NAME and as you have been deciding on the choice of making community service a must, I have been asking to see how other people take their views on it for instance some people think that community service takes time and energy that they don't have it really makes it impossible for them to do anything. Can you imagine trying to balance band practice, basketball practice, play practice and community service you might manage for a couple of days but after a few days you will be getting very tired and it would be very hard to manage all of that. Also some people don't live near the community and still go to this school which isn't bad but it sure isn't good when you have to do community service for this community not the one you live in. That would make it partially impossible for you to do everyday and some people have split parents (divorced) which means they are already moving back and forth between them they don't need to be having to go to community service things at the community that they might not even be in at the time, it would screw up the schedules of the parents of the kids and it would put a lot of pressure on the kids to make sure they get it right every time they have to do it.

I also see the other side of it on how if we have community service it can bring families together to do something nice for the community. Plus it would help reduce our garbage near and around roads, highways, schools, homes, work places, and public areas which would help make a big difference. If you recycled everything you picked up then you would be reducing greenhouse gas emissions into our atmosphere and making a small step towards a green planet. It would be hard but we could do it, but it will affect the way people live greatly.

In the end it would come down to your choice, will you affect people's lives greatly, or will you let our lives continue on like we are?

By, STUDENT_NAME

P.S. I don't even think you would be allowed to do that because you are only a principal and it might go against the Constitution.