Dear Senator,

I think it would be best to keep the Electoral College process instead of changing it to popular demand. The reason why I think that is because I would rather have political experts who study the two candidates based on the speeches they give prior to election day make the decision on who should be our president rather than random voters across the United States. I personally think that if we keep the whole Electoral College process our country will improve a lot. On the other hand, if we were to use the popular demand process than voters could discriminate against one candidate and choose the other one. On top of that when you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of candidates. So even if one candidate gets picked over the other, their is still a lot of voting left to be done. I think the Electoral College process would be better for the United States as a whole. I also think if we were to use the Electoral College process it would decrease a lot of arguments and controversy across the United States. If we were to use the popular demand process their could easily end up being a tie, where as if we were to use the Electoral College process they judges could come to an agreement as to who won the election entirely. Also, if we were to use the Electoral College process their would be no such thing as a run-off election anymore. Usually when you use the popular demand process one state might get more attention then another state, where as Electoral College process will treat each and every state equally. When using the Electoral College process it would be easier to count up the votes because you only have so many voters, where as with the popular demand process there would have to be over 2 million votes counted up. There are many other reasons why the Electoral College should be used over the popular demand process. So it shouldnt be hard for you to decide on what process should be used during the Presidential elections. That is why I think the Electoral College process should be used. I hope i made your decision a little easier then it was before.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME   