Dear, state sentor

Getting rid of the electoral college would be a bad idea because of the ease it puts on voting and it makes the candidates work harder to becaome president.

When a person runs for president they are trying to take on the hardest job possible, running a country. When they are on their campaign they visit states individual amd they spen alot of time on swing states or the big states such as California, Florida, and Texas. without the electoral college it kinda defeates the purpose for them spending as much time as they do in those states because yes they have a large amount of people but so does every other state, the only large difference now is the amount of electoral votes each one gets. where as with the electoral college they spend more individualized time with each state to try to sway the majority to get all the electoral votes since they cant split them between the candidates. it all comes down to who the smarter candidate is and how they spend time and what they are trying to achive. overall the way it is now makes them wotk harder to win the election. with voting no one likes a tie and without the electoral college that can happen.

In 2000 gore and bush had a fiasco with voting in the presidental election and it was the first time since 1888. Gore who had more popular votes than bush only lost because Bush had the most electoral votes. If it was only up to popular votes than it can easily come down to a tie, what then? recount after recount, or simple debate (but who decides that?). In some cases without the electoral college it could actully make the process because yes they dont have to spend much time campaigning in certain states they get to visit smaller states that tend to get neglected during the campaigns so everyone is more of an informed voter when it comes time to vote. lets say bob and sally campaing against each other and with out the electoral college they can go ariund to smaller states and the big ones and when the voting results are in yes they can be closer or larger apart you also see how america feels whenit comes to politics, yes you can see it with the electoral college but it is a smaller amount of votes so it will always be close but seeing how america feels isnt as easy.

When it comes down to voting  the Electoral College is an over all easier way to vote and makes the candidates work harder to win an already hard election to run the country.                                                                