Do You Know What The Electoral College Is?

The electoral college is not a place in united states. It is a process that the founing fathers made a long time ago. When they where first making the congress. It is a election of the presient by popular vote of the people in the united states.

The Electoral college is a process. That consists of people that are in congress that help vote for the Presient and Vice President.

The Electoral college consists of 538 elector, But there must be a majority of the 270 electoral votes to elect the next President. Your state's entitle allotment of electors equal to the members in the congress at a time. There most be one house of representetives plus there most be two senators in each states. In congress to make the vote go though.

Under the 23rd Amendment of the constitution, the District of Columbia is allocate  3 electors. They are treated like they are a state that is in the united states, But most people just call them District of columbia.

Each state has a candidate that running for president in there state. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but there a lot of states that are not like that and the vote on who they believe in. Who they think that is going to do the best job as president.

The president election is held every four years. no president can be president more then twice, but there was one person had more then two but that was a thing that happend because there was a war going on.

The presiential election is held every four years on the first tuesday after the first monday on November. you help choose the next president of the united state. but only if you are 18 you can not vote before you are 18.

Most states have a "winner-take-all" system that awards alll electors to the winning presient candidate. However, maine and nedraska each have a variation of

" proportional representation. "

After the president election, your governor prepares a "certificate of ascertainment" listing all of the candidates who ran for president in your along with the names of their respective electors. the certificate of ascertianment also declares the winner of the president election that in there state at the meeting of the electors in december of the election year. your state's certificates of ascertainments are sent to the congress an the national archives as a part of the official records of the presiential election.                                                                                                                            