Are you the kind of person that is really interested in political stuff? Politics can be a subject that will start fights, but not everyone is so interested. You must know what the electoral college is. It is a system where when you vote for your president you are actually voting for a group of electors that will then vote for the president(Source 1). This means that even if there is a majority in the popularity vote from the people. The electoral college can over rule that and vote for the other. Some say the electoral college is good because it prevents ties or because it will make sure there is a winner. But if they can over rule your vote are you really voting for your president? I say the electoral college is a bad system and it needs to be extinguished.

There is no doubt that you should get to decide who your leader will be. And if the electoral college can over rule your vote do you really feel like it's your decision? In the 2000 presidential race, Al Gore lost because he recieved the most popularity votes from the people but the electoral college voted for Bush instead(Source 2). This means that the people thought Al Gore should be the president but instead they didn't get what they wanted because the electoral college thought otherwise. Do you think this is in anyway fair? The majority of the country ended up unhappy with the election because of ther electoral college. I say that alone is enough reason to abolish the electoral college. If it happens once it can happen again. Do you want to feel cheated and betrayed again? Let's get rid of the electoral college!

Some others may say that they support the electoral college because it can't have a tie. "Because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality ina state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state."(Source 3). It is still possible to have a tie though because there are 538 total votes and since that is an even number then it can happen. And if there is just a stlight difference and instead the electoral college creates a landslide then that isn't representing the actuall number of the votes by the people. Once again you are being cheated out of your sya it the election. The hardest thing to understand is why people would still support something that doesn't support them. The electoral college basically throws away your votes and replaces them with theirs. And once again, it is possible for ties in the electoral college due to the even number of votes.

"Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much to say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters."(Source 2). This alone shows that your votes are being represented equally. It is saying that 500,000 votes are equal to 35 million votes. Isn't it obvious that those two numbers are very different and they could have a very large effect on the popularity of each canidate that they are voting for? but instead they have they same effect and the 34.5 million voters that don't get their fair say could very possibly be unhappy with the turnout of the president. The people are supposed to be the ones that vote for their leader, not a group of 538 "qualified" polititians that can over rule the entire country's vote. It's ridiculous how the system works and you are crazy if you support it. I know i want my fair share of input and the electoral college won't allow that.

There are supporters who say that they support the electoral college because it avoids run-off elections. Because even if there is a tie in the majority votes from the people it is unlikey for there to be a tie in the votes from the electoral college. "For example, Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the electoral College..."(Source 3). In my opinion if there is a tie in the popularity votes then they should revote, it may take longer but it will still be a decision by the people. Just because it makes the procces faster doesnt mean it makes the procces better. They can create a better system in the event of a tie instead of electors over ruling the people and picking whoever they think is best. That isnt government for the people, by the people.

In conclusion, the electoral college needs to be extinguished for many reasons. those reasons are because it doesn't let the people vote for who they want and it over rules a notions votes. And because it doesnt show the number of votes as equall. Some may say that it is good because it prevents a tie but if there is a tie then I'm sure htere are better ways to revote. we need government for the people, by the people and that isn't what the electoral college is.    