Some Schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Projects are used to enhance learning in a different way. During the summer no student wants to work on school work or even think about school. I think that summer projects should be teacher- designed because students may take a while to come up with a project or idea, teacher- designed projects are already made and ready to go, Projects would be less confusing when made by the teacher themselves.

One reason I think that summer projects should be teacher-designed is because students may take a while to come up with ideas for the project or put it off. Students are in school at least 8 to 9 months or for some students all year around, so when it comes to summer break students are ready to relax, go on vacation, or just sleep. Students already have done tons of projects for classes or even just for one class and those projects are very stressful for some. Summer in a lot of cases are relax time and forget about school time so when they are given a project to do a lot would just put it to the side and dont do it at all. When coming up with ideas on what to do some will not know or just not even try that's why it think it should be teacher-base.

Another reason that summer projects should be teacher-based is that teacher-based projects are already made in advance and are ready to go during summer and all the students have to do is follow the instructions of the project itself. If students are given the instructions and already know the idea it makes it a little easier to get done over the summer. Students tend to procrastinate and take their time, which they should, but that time may be at the last minute. It could be August and they have to go back to school that following week and haven't even came up with an idea yet. Teacher-based projects already have the idea and the instructions on how to do it and it saves time depending on the project. Students can still not do it at all but at least they have the foundation on what to do and start it and have it done with in weeks or days.

Furthermore, Teacher- based projects may be less confusing then when a student comes up with it from the top of their head. Students already dont want to do the project in the first place so the idea may be very confusing to other students or the teacher. If the project is a group project the idea may not be understood fully and may get taking the wrong way. Students school brains are already shut down so when to making ideas students tend to wing it and just throw it out especially when it is a group project. They think that the other is just going to figure it out on their own and that may not be the case or they leave each other hanging. Teacher- based projects make it easier because the idea and instructions are already there and all the students have to do is just follow them.

However, Teacher-based projects do have a downside to them. Teachers, of course, have been teaching and assigning projects all year and some are easy and some are not. Projects that are given by the teacher have to be completed by the instructions given and if it is not completed that way or in that way all that hard work just went down the drain. Student- based project do make it easier because it is their idea, their instructions, and their own way. So all that hard work doesn't have to go the drain for nothing. Student-based projects can be more creative because it is made from scratch and from their own head. Teacher-based projects are usually less creative because students are just trying to finish it and get it over with. In contrast, students may take a lot of time or wait till the last minute.

In conclusion, Teacher- based projects or student based projects can all be very good projects. Summer projects can be challenging because the summer is relaxing time, even though all of adults think otherwise, but summer projects do keep the brain fresh. I think that summer projects should be teacher based because it makes it easier on them and the students. 