Mercury is closer to Earth's sun, yet Venus is the highest temperature planet in the solar system. This temperature has presented many difficulties trying to put a person on the planet. Landing someone on Venus has not been succeded yet. Many scientist and astronomers are working on creating a spacecraft that will hold together, although all of the dangers that are presented. In the text of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" it shows many dangers and reason not to put a person on this planet, yet if they succeed the outcome would be much greater and rewarding. Studying Venus is a pursuit that should be taken. The outcomes of previous attempts to put a spacecraft on Venus have been unsuccessful. The previous trys have only survived a few hours long. It only takes one very thought out and well planned try to be successful. It would be a great place to reach and put living organisms on. Venus has many dangers although astronomers are trying to put a person on it.

Some of the dangers may seem unthinkable to put a person through but NASA is working on a spacecraft that will protect the person. They have so many advantages that are helping them succeed. The planet used to be covered in oceans and other forms of life. The text states, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This shows that it has similarities to Earth and has water and used to have other living organisms. The danger of not having any water or being able to hold any kind of life form is not there.

The temperatures and the terrain of Venus are both dangers and good qualities. Although the danger of having such high temperatures around 170 degrees Fahrenheit the air pressure is around the same as Earth's. The text states, "At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth." This shows the air pressure would be subseptable for a human to land and be able to breathe. With the right spacecraft the temperatures can be avoided and would not be an issue.

Venus has similar terrain and weather conditions as Earth. The similar features include rocks, mountians, valleys, and many more. The text states, "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountians, and craters." This shows that the surface and ground are similar to Earth. This also shows great potential to land a spacecraft there. The extreme weather conditions on Venus is also similar to the ones on Earth. The text states, "Beyond high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent ligtning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface." This shows that the weather conditions are similar, so this would help the manufactures of the spacecraft be prepaired for the conditions and help build a better craft. Although there are many dangers with every advantage the Venus is still a good planet to try and put living organisims on.

In conclusion, the studying that is being done on Venus and the more found out the less dangerous the mission will be. The advantages are much greater than the dangers. If they are successful then there will be another planet for people to live on. The similar weather conditions is a tremendous advantage. There being water already on the planet and the possibility of living organisms being on the planet shoes that it is possible. The possibilty of something great over rules the possibility failing. If the astronomers give up and say that the dangers are to big then they will never know if the dangers were not defeatable or not. Venus has all of these dangers but is a worthy pursuit to put living creatures on.