Online school at home would better a student's education in many ways especially because they know they are in a comfortable and safe environment. It increases their ability to complete more work while also being in an environment the student feels most comfortable in. Online classes can benefit the student and parent. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home because it increases the students ability to focus knowing they're in a safe place, creates less distractions like there would be in a classroom, and it would help the student complete work faster without having to travel from classroom to classroom.

To begin with, attending school online at home is very beneficial, in some cases especially to certain students. It increases the ability to focus. This is because the student would know they are in a safe and comfortable place, which is the most important reason. Continuing on, bullying has been a serious issue in today's society. It has come to a point where students feel unprotected in a place where their parents and teachers may think they feel safe. School is portrayed as a safe environment and should be. Although, in some situations it is not and many students have dealt with bullying in a learning environment. Bullying makes it difficult for any student to come to school focused and feel comfortable with who they are. Adding on to this reason, school shootings are another very important problem for why it is safer for students to attend online school at home. This dangerous act shatters the idea of any school being safe knowing someone could get hurt or worse. Attending online school helps avoid these kinds of situations.

Furthermore, staying at home all day and everyday decreases the student's chances to get distracted from their education. Online school at home prevents that from happening. For example, other students wouldn't be able to create distractions by being loud and speaking to another student when they are trying to learn. Many students cause distractions in class when the teacher is teaching or out of the classroom. Although, it is up to the student whether or not they will allow their classmate to get them off task or ignore their distractions. In some cases, the student can be responsible enough to but in others many students may find it difficult.

Continuing on, school online helps get work done faster without having to travel from classroom to classroom in a class for only an hour and a half or less. It decreases the time to finish work at home rather than at school. Most online school programs offer as much time as you need on an assignment. Although, once you've started one there is of course, a deadline. Attending online school at home is very benefitial in this reason because it would make it easier for the student. On that note, if a student were to be having trouble with an assignment online they would be able to turn it in once they have understood it completely or if not the student could move on to another subject and come back to it. That is what makes online school at home very helpful and beneficial. In a classroom that would not be possible, in some cases, they would have no other choice but to turn it when needed to and accept the consequences.

In conclusion, some students may not be able to attend online school because of eletricity problems or the student doesn't have a computer at home. In situations like these, the school should help provide the student with the appropriate equipment and better their education. All of the reasons stated are very important and should be taken into consideration when deciding to attend online classes at home. It benefits a students education incredibly. To conclude, online school would make everything easier for not only the student but the parent too.