I think they should because the electoral college is a process not a place. The founding father established it in the constitition as the compromise between election of the President by a popular vote. The electoral college cobsists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. Your state's entitles allotment of electors equals the number of members in its congressional delegation: one for each memeber in the house of representatives plus two for your senators. Each candiate running for president in your state has hin or her own group of electors. The Electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are.

The presidential election is held every four years on the tuesday after the first monday in november. You help choose your state's electors when you vote for President  because when you vote for your candidate  you actually voting for your candidate's electors. After the presidential election, your governor prepares a "Certifacte of Ascertainent" lsiting all of the candidates  who ran for president in your state along  with the names of their respective electors. The Certificate of Ascertainment also declares the winning presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors will represent your state  at the meeting of the electors in december of the election year. Your state's certificates of acertainments are sent to the congres and the national archives as part of the official records of the presential election.

Under the electoral college system, voters not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president. if you lived in texas, for example, and and wanted to vote for john kerry, you'd vote for a slate of democatic  electors pledged to kerry. On the off-chance that those electors won the statewide election, they would go to congress and kerry would get 34 electoral votes. Who are the electors? They can anyone not holding public office it depends on the state. That is how it works this is my reason.    