Do you like online classes or going to school? I think going to school is the better option because if you take online classes you cant ask questions,dont get the full experience of class,and you also dont meet new friends and people. Going to school and being present has very many advantages.

When you are in school you are able to be with the teacher. It is easier to ask questions so they can demonstrate or answer and explain it to you. I feel it is easier to understand if you are shown and told verbally instead of through email or text. It is much harder to ask questions if you are doing it through a computer. It is easier for the teachers to be able to help you in person and not try to explain it through a screen.

Being in school has a much better advantages than online does. If you are online you do not get the full experiences as you do with going to school. You cant join clubs,go to fun pep rallies, or even go on field trips. Going to school may seem boring and useless but it gives you experience, especially with adult figures. Online classes dont offer sports so if you wanted to join a sport you cant through a computer, unless you are playing online. Once you get out of school you will miss it. It is a great time to explore who you are and who you want to be.

Finally if you dont go to school you will not make new friends. It is hard to make new friends and meet new people through a computer. It is so much fun making friends in a school full of one thousand people. It is great to be in school and have friends in your classes. School is like a pool full of new and mysterious people. It is good to have teachers by your side for help. Friends are a really good support system. If you are home and something happens it is good to go to school and talk to your friends about it instead of staying home and keeping it in. Friends help with a lot that you need.

I get that home school is fun but it isnt always the best choice. Online classes may sound so cool, you can just stay in your pajamas all day long and do your work but is staying home all the time really that fun. Dont you just want to get out there and have somewhere to be. Online classes may still be a good option for some people but for most being at school is a great thing. School is just a better option in all. Home school isnt so fun when something happens at home and you have nobody to talk to or nowhere to go.

Going to school is still the best option because you cant make friends,you dont get the full experience, and you cant ask teachers questions one on one. Going to school is a really good opportunity for everyone to find out who you are. School is a fun and enjoying place, it has so many opportunities you would never get doing online classes.