Many parents home school their kids. I would agree that if students took classes from home it would benefit them. Some of my reasons why they would benefit from home is that there would be less bullying at schools. Also, you would catch less viruses and not get sick as often. It would also release stress off students.

Bullying has become a massive problem at schools. Many teens have taken their own life because they would get bullied everyday at school. If we would home school our kids more often then there would be less bullying at schools. They wouldn't have to face that group of people that bully them or maybe just that one kid that shows up everyday to just bully your kid. Some children just forget about school in general and don't want go anymore or they just care less about their grades because what their worry about most is that bully and not about school anymore. Also, I feel that children would get their work done faster and have less stress then other students that go to public schools and they would get better grades because they have more time study. Critics would argue that if students get home schooled they wouldn't get to go out explore the real world. Also, they would fear to talk to people they don't know and only talk to people they do know and that would affect the way the interact with others and could effect the way they attend colleges or interviews for jobs or colleges. Many students feel that you don't need to know a lot of people to be happy. All you need is your family to support you in school and out in the real world. Also, your parents could help you with somethings you wouldn't understand at school. One more benefit of being home schooled is that your would spend more time with your family members and could focus more on school.

Another reason why being home schooled is a benefit is that you would not catch the virus that's going around. Many students get sick because they go to public schools. If your parents would home school you that would prevent you from getting sick or maybe you catching that deadly virus. you wouldn't be interacting with other students and that would be good for your system which means not getting sick as often. If you do get sick you would be home schooled so you could do your work at anytime and turn it in at anytime with out getting points deducted. Critics would argue that many students would get sick still. They could become home sick and would want to go out and still catch that deadly virus going around. Also, being home sick could affect the way you learn at home. Many students could say that if you do get home sick you could you just go to your backyard and just sit their and enjoy the sun for a little while. Also, you would be able to go out and where a mask which many schools don't let you do that. If you are home schooled chance are you wouldn't catch a deadly virus as easy as a public school student.

Overall, students that get home school have more benefits than public school students. They wouldn't get bullied as easy as public school students. Also, they would not catch a deadly virus as easy as public schools and many home school students would have less stress than public school students.