Driverless cars seem like an impossibility.

They seem like something out of a futuristic movie or comic book.

However, today's evidence proves that driverless cars are a realistic possibility.

Advancements in technology today provide tangible evidence that driverless cars could play a prominent role in the near future.

Driverless cars should be developed and dissimenated because they are more efficient, would increase safety, and would increase the quality of life for drivers.

Driverless cars are much more efficient.

The article "Driverless cars are coming" states, "The cars [Google cofounder Sergey Brin] foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus."

Obviously, driverless cars would increase the efficiency of vehicles and use half as much fuel.

This would benefit both the owner of the car and the environment.

Pollution from cars is a real problem and, if cars only used half of the fuel, then this terrible pollution would be minimized.

Also, if the cars use half as much fuel, then our natural resources would be preserved and the cost of driving a car would be lessened.

Also, Driverless cars are safe.

The biggest problem with driverless cars is that it is difficult to enable them to manuever around unexpected problems like car accidents or construction areas.

However, driverless cars are now able to notify the driver when he or she needs to take over the controls in trecherous situations. This ability to notify the driver when needed will make driverless cars much safer.

If the car is unable to manuever through a situation safely, it will force the driver to take over.

This nullifys the arguement that driverless cars are not safe because it proves that driverless cars notify the driver at any unsafe moment and enable the driver to take over the controls of the car.

Otherwize, the driverless car can handle the terrain on its own.

Finally, driverless cars would increase the quality of life for the driver.

In tedious situations like a traffic jam, driving is boring and energy wasting.

However, driverless cars can take away the exhausting driving experience and allow the driver to relax.

For example, "Traffic Jam Assistant" will be very helpful to anyone in a traffic jam because it would take away the boredom of driving in a traffic jam.

Traffic Jam Assistant enables the car to handle driving functions up to 25 miles per hour.

This would be very helpful in a long and tedious traffic jam because one does not drive over 25 miles per hour in a traffic jam.

Also, if taxis could be driverless cars, the quality of life for the average citizen would increase.

Taxis would cost less money, they would be open more often, and they could take passengers to farther destinations.

This would dramatically increase the quality of life for all people and it would make owning a car almost antiquated.

this would provide much finacianal saving for the average person and it would provide a great deal of convinience for the average person as well.

In conclusion,

Driverless cars would be extremely beneficial.

They would increase efficiency, increase safety, and improve the quality of life for all people.

Driverless cars would drastically change the way people live.

If cars could drive themslelves, the quality of life would be incredibly increased for all people and the world would not be the same.  