To: Senator

When hearing about the Electoral College, most people think of a group of individuals casting votes based on the popularity of the candidate in their state. What they don't know is that "the Electoral College is a process, not a place"(source 1) Some people, like Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Bob Dole, have all thought that the Electoral College should be abolished and be replaced by the popular vote. According to a poll taken in 2000, 60 percent of voters believe the precidency should be decided on the popular vote (source 2). After thoroughly researching, the Electoral College should be replaced by the popular vote. The current system of electing isn't exactly democratic and there is a chance for there to be a tie in the votes.

Most states have a "winner-takes-all" system (with the exception ofMaine and Nebraska) that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate in their state.(source 1) There may be an arguement that no state has enough votes to give the presidency to someone; however, this system basically casts away the other votes of those on the side of the opposing candidate, making it undemocratic. Besides that, there is also the chance that a few of the electors go rouge and vote for the opposing candidate. To be a democracy means to  listen to the voice of the people; however, the college may not always listen.

The electoral College consists of 538 electors, meaning that the possibility of there being a tie is likely. When there is a tie, the fate of the potential presidents lie in the House of Representatives. When the election results are in the hands of the House, the selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people. It will be more likely that they will vote for the candidate in their party rather than listen to the people's vote. Not only does it ignore the rights of the people, but this gives an unfair advantage to the candidate who's party is currently in power.

In conclusion, the Electoral College is a "non-democratic method of selecting a president..." (source 3). Instead the choice of presidency should be at the will of the people, not in the hands of electors. In the words of Plumer, the elctoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational.    