Many people argue over the fact that the Electoral College is benefitial or not. I'm writing this letter to you Mr. Senator to explain the good and bad effects the Electoral College has.  The Electoral College is a process, it is a compromise between the election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The Electoral College keeps the elections balanced, it keeps the elections organized. It may have some bad effects. For example, many argue that the people's votes aren't what choose the president.

The Electoral College mantains the elections balanced, "It avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of vote cast." as stated in the article by Richard Posner. It balances the votes by a larger state compared to a smaller state. In article "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to kep our despised method of choosing the President", the author states that a larger state has more popular votes rather than a small state. The author says this, "The popular vote was very close in Florida [in 2012]; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes. A victory by the same margin in Wyoming would net the winner only 3 electoral votes." As that being said, the author is explaining how larger states get more attention from a presidential candidates in a campain than a small state does. This is when the Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment.

Another benefitial effect the Electoral College presents is the organization of the election for President. As said in the article, "What Is The Electoral College?", "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress." That is a huge amount of work but that is what keeps the elections well organized. Each candidate running for President in a state has their own group of electors. After each election, the governor of your state prepares a certificate presenting all of the candidates that ran for your state. As stated in the article by the Office of the Federal Register, "The Certificate of Ascertainment also declares the winning presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors will represent your state at the meeting of the electors in December of the election year." The Electoral College is what mantains everything professional.

The Electoral College may have some effect that aren't positive. For example, many people believe their vote goes to waste. As stated in the article by Richard Posner, "Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California. Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign they would have if the president were picked by popular vote." Voters want to feel involved and have interest in the political system. People also fear the tie in an electoral vote. They feel like the government will choose whoever will benefit them the best and they won't take the people into consideration. In article, "The Indensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong", the author says the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. He believes it's anachronism.

People may have different opinions about Electoral College. People have different opinions about everything. I wanted to explain how the Electoral College benefits our society and how it doesn't. It keeps the elections balanced, organized, but it makes others feel like their vote isn't worthy or valuable. I hope this letter helps you with your opinion and how you feel about the Electoral College.    