Dear Senator,

The Electoral College should not be the deciding vote for the president of the United States of America. Every popular vote of the people should be counted towards deciding the next president. If America is a democracy and in a democracy people pick the leader then every citizen's vote should count, not just the majority.

First things first, only a few states have taken action towards my claim. Those being Maine and Nebraska. These states have made a "proportional representation", which is unlike the "winner take all" that the other 48 states have adopted. The text states "Most states have a winner take all method system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate" (What Is the Electoral College?7).This portrays that with the "winner take all" method various amounts of U.S. citizen votes have gone unaccounted for.

Multiple occasions have dimmed the surface of our elections where their voices aren't heard. The author says "faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please" (Plumer 11). Going into this further, that means that one person can disagree with hundreds of people's votes for his own vote of the opposite party. Also, if a tie was to occur int the total electoral votes then the outcome would be put into the hands of the House of Representitives. If the people were to vote in the first place this occurance would have never came close.

On the other hand, it is much harder to calculate the total number of the  popular vote being that there are millions of people voting. It is much easier to count and not dispute over a hundred or so votes than a million. But, having people know that their vote doesn't make it to actually voting for the president makes them not as ethuisiastic about voting. The text says "no voter's vote swings an election"(Posner 23). This explains why only about one half of eligible American voters voted.

In conclusion, America is a democracy, which means people elect the president, not a elector but the people. The author states "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational." (Plumer 14). This further explains that electors cannot make decisions without being biased toward their party. Also portraying well, the feelings of many Americans who feel the same way.                     