In the three stories, What is the electoral college?, The Indefensible Electoral College, and the Defense of Electoral College, each argue wether or not to keep or over throw the electoral Colloge. The Electoral college has been a crutial part of voting who stays or leaves the offic chair of america, But one thing for sure losing this way of voting is very questionable.

In the story, In defense of Electoral college, it eplains five very detailed reasons to keep the electoral college. The certainty of the outcome of this voting system has been accepted for years. Richard A. Posner explains, "The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exeeds his share of popular vote."This quote given to us shows the certain possibility of who wins the share of the presidents seat. Each vote by the citizens of America is sent to chose the "qualified citizens" to represent their state in th election for president.

The person in the election for president also has to have a appeal to many regions. If the candidate is attempting to gain more votes by stayong in the same region he or she will not gain more electoral votes. When a person runs for president is they go into many regions to pursuade more people to vote on that person for president then they will gain more electoral votes.

The system does have a few errors in its existence. When people are voting someone to represent them they might make a mistake on wich candidate thier voting on. If people did have a direct vote for who becomes president then they have their exact opinion on who becomes president, but the system of voting still stands because most people in America like this way of voting better.

It would be better to have people representing each state with electoral votes because having every vote from every citizen of america sent to an individual slot for who should be president is overwhelming. instead, we have a system where each person votes on a candidate to represent their state in the election. It is a better way of using time wisely in voting for America's new president.

To close, Having the Electoral College system to vote is a fantastic way of showing who should be president for America. The Electoral College  should stay because of the certainty of who will be next president and avoiding the run-off elections to prevent uncertainty of who will be president.                                                     