The end of the school year has finally come, and you can't wait to be swimming with your friends and family, however , that day will not come. Instead you are assigned your worst fear; a dreadful , hideous , and disgusting summer assignment. When all hope is lost your teacher gives you a final decision.

"Should the assignment be teacher made or student made?"

A summer assignment is a chance for students to perfect their knowledge and make sure they don't forget what they have learned throughout the year.

A teacher-designed project is best for the students , because the purpose of the teacher is to guide their students on a path of enlightenment through the education system, students are inherently lazy and will make an easy project, and it provides the teacher a bar for which a teacher can know how advanced their students are before they come to class on the first day.

The teacher has an obligation for the county and the state, and it's to insure that students are prepared to become adults. An educational study at Yale shows that students who go to cram school over the summer have a tendency to achieve a higher score on the SAT compared to those of a self taught student at home. This is without a doubt, proof that a curriculum and or project assigned from a teacher is best to give a student to insure that they retain previous knowledge and can build off of it. With the teacher giving a direct projection and project on what a student needs to know also helps the student, because the student doesn't have to aimlessly ponder on what the teacher wants them to know next year. It allows students to have a narrow and direct line of sight to their goal , and enables to teacher to have a direct overview on the project.

Students are inherently lazy and result to the easy road rather than the challenging path. If a summer project was Student-designed the project, would be of the most basic and rudimentary work a students would want to finish it as fast as possible. As seen in the daily lives of Generic_School students, in which 65% take non honors or AP level courses. We can see a trend that students are not willing to challenge themselves and would not be capable to create a project, in which the project would be academically sufficient for their studies next year. Furthermore it can be shown on a global level in which the United States is ranked within the top 15 but not top 5 based on educational levels. If we as an American culture can't rise up to be a leading power in education with the help of our teachers, how can we expect student-designed projects and studies to do any better.

A teacher-designed project will allow the teacher to know what level the students coming into the class are capable of. The Generic_School system as had tremendous amount of trouble in which teachers have to ask for multiple planning days. The reasoning for this is due to the fact that students don't knowing the fundamental requirements for a class when they walk into the classroom on the first day. This causes teachers to have to readjust their curriculum in order for the students to catch up to where the teacher wants them to be. A teacher-designed project would allow the teacher to tell the students the basic information they need to know before they come into the class, it also allows to students to prepare their mentality going into the school year.

The development of human society as a whole is told by its children and those who can help cultivate the young. Teacher-designed project would provide students a strong foundation for the year to come, it stops students from being lazy and wasting their talents, and helps teachers formulate a more precise teaching curriculum for their students. These examples alone show that summer projects

NEED

to be teacher-designed to insure the betterment of the young generation. Now how will you answer your teachers question will you stride to be the best you can and take on the teacher-designed project, or will you crumble under your own feet and take the easy route and design your own project risking your grades next year?