Driverless cars

Driverless cars are a interesting subject to speak about, they are said to come in the near future, as stated by Sebastian the founder of the Google Car project, but are they really safe. Driverless cars have always been a fascinating idea in televison, but they seem to be dangerous, expensive, and interface with the law.

Driverless cars are amusing to those who look forward to this new technology, and its unreal and amazing that a car drive it's self, but is it safe? "Driverless cars" at the time seem to already struggle with the navigation and attention of the driver to prevent accidents from occuring. As stated by the article, " This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." Driverless cars today aren't all that beneficial and requiredue the attention of drivers, how can we be positive that the new cars said to come will be ready to prevent accidents without the requirence of human attention? Not only do these cars seem to be safeless, but due to all that worl that is said to come and all the new technology, dont they seem expensive and out of reach?

The driverless cars are said to come, but with the technology that will be invested into this project, it seems to be out of reach from those who are interested. As stated by the article, "...but how much smarter did the cars need to be? For starters, they needed a whloe lot of sensors." This shows that the "driverless cars" today needed a lot of work put into them, and gives a view of how these cars were made and now compared to the soon to come real driverless cars, how much will be invested for someone who is interested.

Driverless cars amuse the world with the idea that they will soon be here and will require no human at the wheel, but say it doesnt turn out well and the car is invlolved into an accident what will happen? Who will be responsible for the occurence that has happened? As stated by the article, " If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--the driver or the manufacturer?" If all fails, what will the law say and who is to be blamed for? Laws will need to be undated with the upcoming driverless cars, as stated by the article, " ...in order to cover the liability in the case of an accident." Even with laws updated, not every state is allowing the testing of the new cars to come, knowing that they are unsure of the safety of others.

In conclusion, the subject of driverless cars has always been a fascinating idea in televison and amuse thos interested and curious, but are they safe and is it also safe to safe they are? What will happen if they fails and cause someone's life? Driverless cars are said to be safe, but are they really?  