Dear Mister Florida Senator,

I want you to tell mister president that we should keep the electoral college. Popular vote is not fair. not everyone is popular in all the states that is why people need the electoral votes so they can get a chance.

In source 2: the indefensible electoral college: why even the besy-laid defenses of the system are wrong states "because of the winner take all system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states." This is telling me that democratic presidents dont go to republican states, like california, because they already know the republican president won them over without really doing much. Now, if it was a swing state, like florida, then both candidates want to fly over to the states and make sure they give a good speech to get as many electoral votes as possible.

In source 3: in defense of the electoral college: five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing a president it states, in reason number 2 "everyones president"

, that no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. If the president knew they would be able to win a region because the region believes in what he chooses, the candidate will not get electoral votes because he knows he will win those states. A candidate with only the regional votes is less likely to become president. If the president tries in the harder regions-regions he might not win or the swing states- he will get more votes.

In source 3 , it also states, in reason 3 "swing states"

, voters in the swing states are more likely to listen to both candidates than other states that already have who they chose. These swing state voters are going to decide the election fairly. They are also recieving the most attention and information from the candidates, so when one of the candidates become president they know what that candidate is goignt to do for the united states. Large states stes get more attention than small states since they are most likely to get more electoral votes and help the candidates win.

Also the electoral college system makes sure there are no run-off elections. Run-off elections are elections where no candidate wins a majority  of votes. This leaves leaves pressure. For example, if there was no electoral college system if Nixon and Clinton were in an election and were running against each other it would lead to a serious problem. Since both men had only 43 percent  plurality of the popular votes, it would be hard to choose a winner since they were both tied.

Now you see Mister Senater, why we need the electoral college system. Without it everything willl be really stressful and everythings already stressful. Dont make it worse.    