There are many resons that people should do that. #1 is that it it would be some much fun to go explor places that you havent been befor, and go see all the unic culters that many people dont ever get to see in their life. #2 is that you could get closer with some of yor friends and family if they go with you, or invite you to go with them. Reson #3 is that you could meet new people learn other languiges too. Also you cold become part of a family they could take you in and youk cold have another really close friend from some were far far away from were you live.

In the story Luke said"It would a chance of a life time." An I think it would be a chance of a life time. In my opinone I would do it. I would love to go on a trip tio eventure around the world. I love learning new cultres and to see what what it could help me with in my life. Also that it would be cool to do a report on all the places that you whent to in the proses. If I were him or any one els that got the opertunity I would say yes to doing it.

In my family its important to learn and get youst to doing thatbecause my famoly dose alot of edventering. We go to the D.R, Hawaii Colorado, and alot more places too. I think that any kid that gets invited should that, because what they learn stiks to them and it stays with them for a long time and if they dont then they missed a big opertoonity to do that.

I went to the DR for the first time when is like 5 years old and I learnd a lot of spanish when i as there. I also made a lot new friend people my age people that older younger than me too. An we bonded rely whell and i didnt know how to speek a word of spanish!!! I had a translator that helped me know what they were saying tio me and for them to tell the kids what i was saying too. i leand a lot of spanish when i wa there and i still know to say a lot of things in spanish too. I still kow my beat friens name in the D.R. We taught eachother how t say the alfabet in English and Spanish.

Just saying I had the best time of my life and I stayed in the same place the hole time and I still lernd a lot in one day.

And the hole time I was there I was so happy till it came to the part when I had to say by to all my new good friend that I made there. Its hard to leave but then you get to all the other places and meet other people there too.

People that want to explor should do this in order to see what ist like and if thay want to do this for the a long time or not. Just one time at a different place then were you live is awesome because you never want to leave. You could also go see uther animal sthat you have never seen befor in a zoo or that you have never herd of too. I love to see knew thing even if I have heard of it,or not, or seen it, or not it is still really cool to experiance that. An I think kids, aldolts, teens, or eve the elderl would stil love to see that or experiance that time with the family.

And that is my reso to do tha or a least tr yit out for the first time. It could only come once in a lfe time dont let it go to wast, because if you did than you made the biggest mustake of your life.           