Growing up in the more modern times I see many things that would seem almost impossible to someone not born in this time. Cars are becoming more advanced than ever. Although they have their advantages, the use of cars also has many disadvantages. They polute the air and they can be very dangerous. The pros of cars are by far outweighed by the cons, if you look at them in the long run. Limiting car use could preserve the earth, relieve stress, and reduce the amount of overweight people in America .

Although cars make everyday life easier, lessening the use of them could potentially "save the world." Polution is at an all time high and car emissions are largely to blame. In paragraph five it states that, "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Euope... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." This is saying that the emissions from cars are destroying the earth. Though going to the grocery store that is two miles away may seem easier by just hoping in the car and arriving in less than five minutes, walking or biking would be better for you and the environment. Many cities are even focusing on becoming more "pedestrian friendly" to help boost the enthusiasm of cutting the use of cars. Walking is not the only option either, using hybrid cars, carpooling, or public transportation is also an option. Though still involving the use of cars, emissions would be reduced greatly. Also, emissions can cause sickness. In large cities where cars are depended on there is Smog. Smog is a thick black cloud of pollution that hangs in the air over large ciies. Smog can make you very sick if you injest it. Many people in cities that do have smog have to wear face masks when walking outside. I do not think that face masks are a new trend that everyone would like to start wearing. Lessening the use of cars around us would be a healthy step towards restoring our environment and could start a trend for others to do so aswell.

Another advantage of cutting the use of cars would be less accidents. Thousands of car related accidents happen every minute around the world in automobiles. If everyone started walking, biking, or using pubilc transportation less cars would be on the road leading to less accidents. Families lose loved ones everyday just because the driver of the car isnt paying attention. Drivers have many extra responisbilities when opperating the vehicle. They have to watch everything around them, including being responsible for everyone else in the car. Many people have reported being "less stressed" after they lowered the use of cars. Heidrun Walter said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," when talking about moving to a car free community. Thousands are converting to the trend of using the car less and others are cutting the use completely! Following this trend would be a large benefit to yourself and the enviornment around you.

Lastly, America is known for being obese and cars support this idea. Cars make it easy for someone to get places without putting any physical work into it. Cars encourage people to be lazy. Lowering the use of cars and walking more would help reduce the percent of people that are overweight in our country. Instead of wanting to get in the car and drive to do something they could walk and get some excercise or even take a bike if they wanted to get there faster. Walking and biking are low intensity excercises making it easy for everyone to participate. Many overweight people always feel lathargic, getting out and walking or biking would also help them to feel better. Doing this would help our people and environtment become more heatlhy.

Cars are a great invention but it is not necessary for every individual to have one. Walking and biking are better alternatives. The use of cars has gone through the roof creating problems around the world. A healthy environment for our children and grandchildren is what we imagine. One does not think of using a car as damaging to the enviornment until after they have done it. Limiting car usage would turn the world into a healthier, stress reduced place. For these reasons I think it would be of best interest to try and find other alternatives to driving as much.                 