"

the Electoral college have been discovred by our founding fathers in the constitution"

why distroy something that was given to us? over time we have been voting for the Electoral College not the president. I personally think we should be able to vote based on popular vote,

Over years, we voted for the Electoral College it consits of voting for President and Vice President and the counting of the electoral votes by congress, sounds diffict right? well this is how they run things, personally I think we should vote based on popular votes because according to source 2 under "

what's wrong with the electoral college"

many people get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate, yikes! not always do we get control whom we vote for , it all depends on the state. We should be equal, Electoral college is unfair to voters. in the same source they state that the electoral college is unfair, outdated and irrational harsh words? but its true.

Lets take a look at the present. President Obama who won the vote, got 29 electoral votes since were a large state we get more votes. take a look at map where its shows the breakdown of the number of electoral votes, it shows each state. many small state have less than 5 electoral votes simply because its not huge, but yet again you're voting for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors. Popular votes have many benfits such as equallty and justice's. In source 3:

"In Defense of the Electoral College:Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president"

paragraph 21 popular vote was very close in Florida (2012) .

It have been said that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off a potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their states. popular votes have a chance and will be picked based on popular vote. In source 3: states that they is no pressure for run-off elections ,It's provided a clear winner , sounds good doesn't it? One single vote can decide an election sounds stressful. Popular votes are bascially stress free and in the Democrats in Texas ,Republicans in california  their vote have no effect they leave it to the popular vote.

In conclusion, popular votes have such great benfits and had more justice and give better oppourity to those who bascially are in a sticky sitution. Electoral College have so much to do with the voce president and is indirect.         