Dear Principal,

Due to the following situation on being able to use phones in free time such as lunch or to not allow students to use phones at all. As a result I am writing to you telling you what I think they should do for this policy. I support the following situation on allowing students to use their phones during lunch and other free time, but has to be turned off during classes because students may need to contact a parent or guardian, some students just feel more comfortable having their phones with them, and also some parents might want them to have the phones with them in case of an emergency. Think about it and think what would you want your school to have if you were in my position.

To start with, because students may need to contact a parent or guardian and the school wont let them use there phone, because they don't think it is important. Also some people need to call their legal guardian and ask them if they can stay after school, to study, do a project, or watch a sports game after school. Since the school won't let them call home and ask they either don't go or go and don't call home.

In addition, some students just feel more comfortable having their phone on with them. Most people feel safer because it is always on and if they needed call anyone in case of an emergency. I know my mom would like me to have my phone on with me in case anything bad happened and I needed to call someone for help.

In conclusion, most parents would feel more comfortable knowing that their kids phone is on and charged, so if they ever needed them they would call them and they would answer right away. Don't forget to think about my ideas and I hope they put a big difference on you allowing phones to be used during free time like lunch and off during classes.

I hope you thought about what you would want the principal to do if you were in my position. Remember I support the following situation on allowing students to use their cell phones in free time during the school day and off during the class period because students may need to contact a parent or guardian, some students feel safer with their phones on, and some parents would like to know that their kids phones are on in case of an emergency.

Thank you for considering asking the students what they think.

Sincerely,

A Concerned Student