Dear Principal,

You have made the decision to take out all sports and other activities completely from the school due to the C average, as opposed the B average needed to participate in the activities, that most of the students have. I am writing this letter to you to give you my, and the students, opinion on this decision.

Taking out sports and other activities from the school due to grade averages being lower than they should be to even participate in the activities, is a reasonable cause. If you don't mind, I would like you to take this into consideration.

Students play sports because it gives them a way to express themselves while doing something they love. If a student is doing poorly in a subject they do not particularly care for, the sport they participate in after school makes them feel better about what they do. It also gives them incentive to do better in the subject they aren't doing so well in.

Another subject to take into consideration is the students health. Physical education class gives some physical activity in school, but when the subject is volleyball and the student prefers basketball, they tend to not do well and to not give it their all. Keeping the sports gives the students a chance to be on an actual basketball team rather than having them on a team where students aren't taking things seriously. The students that make the basketball team are participating in physical activity that they enjoy doing.

Taking out other activities such as an academic quiz team would hurt some of the students who were doing it. The students on the quiz team study hard to do well during their matches. Taking that away from them would hurt them and possibly even discourage them from studying for their schoolwork. Students on the quiz team take pride into what they do. In a way they set an example for the other students to do well in school.

An alternative to taking away the sports all together would be to set up a tutoring group made up of students helping other students having similar interests in school and outside of school. This could bring up averages quite a bit. Students may not like the idea at first, but if quiz games were added within each subject the students may like that more. You could also have certain days for certain subjects to focus in on problem areas within the subject.

Thank you for considering the following concerning the matter of sports and other activities within our school. The students would be very pleased to hear that you listened to them in these trying times.

Much Obliged,

STUDENT_NAME