Dear Mr. Senator,

I have read some articles and understand what the Eletoral College does for this contry. I agree that this state needs this system instead of a popular vote. I understand that people have the right to pick and choose the president but if you think about it how many people do vote? And how many poeple vote for what they truly think is best. I have leardned that most people follow the crowd. An Electoral College is just what we need to keep the poeple safe.  As explained on

What is the Electoral College?

by the Office of the Federal register "the founding fathers establsihed it in the Consitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by the popular vote of qualified citizens."

The Electoal College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote of for the president and Vice President, and counting of the electoral votes by Congress. Its a difficult process but it has worked again and again over many decades. The Electoal College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appel. which the canidate gains no electoral votes by increasing his plurailty. that is a desirable result because a candidate with only regional appeal will umlikely succed to be a president.

Now each canidate running for president has his or her own group of electors. And they are generally choosen by the canidate's political party. I understand the positive and the negative part of popuar votes and Electoral College. I also understand that just one vote can change hthe futrue of most states. How could one vote change everything? It's quite simply one vote makes one person win the presidentcy. What if that one vote changes our basic ways to live. What if that one vote can take away some of our rights. What if one vote can make the world turn into yet another great depression. The Electoral College is the way to go. As said in

The Indefenisble Electoral College by Brandford Plumer in paragraph 13 "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in the states they know they have no chance of winning focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states." The Electoral has its flaws but so does the popluar vote.

But

In defense of the Electoal College by Richard A. Posner it clearly states that " Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a polical prefrence rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election...." No one wants run-off elections or an uncertainty on the outcome. Everyone want to feel safe that we're going to have a president and have no rebellons for it.  The system has its flaws but it also has there advantages . Mr. Senator I strongly believe in the Electoral College system. And you should too.

Sincerely,

A student of Deltona, Florida    