More and more frequently, classrooms across the country are embracing technology. From laptops distributed to the student body to 3D printers, technology changes, and education changes with it. Today, the United States is at a point where it can safely be said that, most likely, every school in the country has computers. This is an era of communication unlike the world has ever seen. Some schools even allow distance learning via online and video conferencing. A common question asked is "Is home learning a good thing?" To answer that question, not exactly. Learning through online attendance of a class can be a good thing, but for many students, it can devoid them of the attention and social interactions they so desperately need.

To start, online learning would be especially detrimental to ADHD learners. ADHD is short for Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder. Though it is different for everyone with it, the most common symptoms are fidgeting, high levels of activity, struggling to sit still/cope with boredom, a short attention span, and on top of that, being very easily distracted (I can back up this, as I have ADHD myself) . In their own home, distractions would be everywhere for an ADHD student, and going further, often ADHD students need structure, which working from home cannot give them. ADHD students often benefit from one-to-one help. which working online can't give them. Students without ADHD can have the same problems.

On top of that, there is the issue of money. Many schools in America are already under-funded, and wouldn't be able to afford the extra cost. Along with that, the students and their parents might have to buy their own laptops and such to go online with, which not everyone can afford. A wireless connection is another problem for those families, as a good plan can cost anywhere from about 20 dollars per month to 90 per month. That is 240 to 1800 dollars per year, and many families can't afford that.

It's not all negative, though. Some students have medical conditions which require them to stay at home, like diseases that suppress the immune system, and they would benefit greatly from this. Busy schedules often are undermined by school hours, and learning from home could help ease those schedules, and on top of everything, many students work best in a relaxed environment, which school is often not.

To conclude, this is a very nuanced issue. Many students would benefit from this, but just as many, if not more, would suffer through their education. There is a clear course of action presented, however. Have classes of people working from home, akin to an online conference room, and have regular classes for the others, leaving it up to the students to decide. Though it can be harmful, if implemented right, it can help a great many students who might not get nearly as good of an education otherwise.