Almost everyone owns a car because people are traveling constantly to get from point A to point B. No matter who it may be, that person at some point in their lives needs some way to get around. Everyday people need to either go to the store, pick up their kids, go to work, go to school, you name it. That doesn't mean that owning a car is a necessity, all around the world many people are trying to cut down and limit their car usage by having a whole lot of other options. There are buses, people can car pool, walk, skate, bike, and many more. People are coming to the conclusion that if we, as a whole, decide to start cutting down on our usage of cars it can benefit the way we live.

Lots of people actually don't mind not having a car just yet. Most teenagers do want to get their license and a car but there's so much other things they need to focus on. It really is not a priority for them because they have school, work, plus if they do need to get somewhere they can always take the bus and get a ride from a friend (Source 4). In Germany, there is a city by the name of Vauban, that is known to be the most advanced experiment in low-car suburban life (Source 1). Vauban's goal and idea, which is to cut down on cars for a better living, has made it'a way around the world, so that other states and countries can aspire to do the same and little by little we could have a world that is not so dependent on cars. The idea of using cars, for some, it causes them stress and they're always tense, not using a car makes them happier, as stated by Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two (Source 1). The stress aspect of this could be due to the fact that in the most recent years, the percentage of car crashes and accidents have gone up. Many people abhor the idea of using cars because they have been in an terible accident themselves or someone close to them. Also, it can even just be all the traffic jams that occur during rush hour, which makes people late and accidents do happen. For example in Bogota, Colombia, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to their designated location, to leave the streets due to traffic jams (Source 3). Since they knew that lots of their citizens were deciding not to use cars they started making uneven, pitted sidewalks into nice, smooth, replaced ones for them (Source 3).

Another reason why people want to limit their usage on cars is because of all the pollution cars create. Passenger cars are rsponsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States (Source 1). Not many people think about the effects of air pollution like smog, but it is a big deal. Since people don't think about it often, there is no way for the majority of us to try and find a solution to put into action to stop it or help it go down. In Paris, there was a partial driving ban to clear the air around the city (Source 2). Paris' partial ban was their idea to try and make their city a better place. With the ban being enforced and put into play there  were about 4,000 drivers fined (Source 2). It turns out that since the driving ban was made the congestion, car traffic, had gone down 60 percent in the capital of France, just after five days of less smog pollution and Paris is typically known to have more smog than any other European capitals (Source 2). This goes to show, that slowly people are actually becoming aware of what's going on and they actually care enought to try and make things better.

All in all, there are many ways to try and cut down on our car usage for the better. It can be anything from not buying as many cars, to deciding to not use cars at all and deciding to walk, skate, and bike, etc. Not only will limiting our car usage as a whole stop traffic jams, car accidents, air pollution, and more, it will help to benefit our lives for the better whether or not people want to believe it. If things keep going from here, and more and more decide that less car usage is better than over a time span of let's say 20-30 years, there could be a lot less dangerous things occuring in our lives.    