I think attend class from home, is a good idea take at home. Because at home you have all the time you need to finish,and also we can have more benefit at home,some time you need more time to finish it. Attend class is good idea take at schools too, because the teacher need to explain you what you need to do. Both have benfit school and home; At the school you can learn more then the house, beacuse if you don't undertand simething you can ask to the teacher and sometime your friends or students from others huose talk to allowed you can't consentrate. Thas one reason, another reason is, maybe you don't have all the time you need, couse some time you need think about the question or something you lost a lot time in that, and sometimes the question come a litter bit hard you need think more to answer that question. Some students are so annoyoing for example they don't listen what the teacher said or they don't paid attention,when my teacher say something we have to do it, because we are in the class for learn somethibg new like world new or something like that,

Attend class are really important, beacuse is for educatuion and you are in High school you need paid attention all the time. Hawever, some student have a lot problemn from the school, beacuse they don't go to the school and have a lot marked aucent that is a big problem if u don't come to the school every day,When you are sick you can have an excuse, you can bring a card singnature for yours parents or grande. A example I need to come every day to the school, beacuse my dream is graduate of High school. Thas why i need to come every day at the school. Some students doesn't like come to the school, cause they are lazy they don't need what I need. My dreas is graduate of High school after High school, I need find a jod, and support my family and also i want go to college. Attend for me mean have education. For example help people who don't have money to buy food and who don't have a house we can help then, how to find a house where they can live; The teacher need soppurt all the students she/He have. We need paid attention all the time, because that is very importan for you future .

Also, ettend classes from home for me mean, disipline,education education is for all rest of your life. That is so important for me and my parents and for others stuadents and parents. You can m,ake a video online for attend class, because you need pass all the Esol well you need, for graduate. UIm so aprobe of my brother , because he help me a lot he's really lovely with me,and he have all the information from the school of me. Attend when you don't come at the school you aucent and if you have a lot aucent, they can kick you out, because you need to come and paid attention all the teacher said. i need paid attention all to my teachers, because they are important in the school, they teach you a lot for yours future and when you have yours own childrens you need to talk and help to your chils. education is all for your life. But, you need go every day the school and don't be aucent pass all the Esol well, Youe need work a lot and hard, if you want a good grade or if you want credits. Credits are important for graduate. Hawever, if you have all the credits, puedes recibir el mejor diploma. Is very important and not all the student have the best diploma, that why you need to work hard and don't skeep any day of the school. You need go every day and don't be late evry day .   