Senator,

"What Is The Electoral College?"

Asks

The Office OF Federal Register . The Electoral College is a process that consists of the selection of the electors. The Founding Fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the President.

"

Does The Electoral College Work?"

Is The Question That remains.

"What's Wrong With the electoral college"?

Electors have refused to vote for their party's candidates and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please. "This is the single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster fact". I Think The Disaster Fact is What Has the Office of the Federal Register questioning the Electoral College. Although, The System Allows For Much Worse.

The Electoral College is widely regarded an anachronism. a non-democratic way of selecting our president.

I Think The Electoral College is Unfair Because of The Winner-take-all system in each state. The Winner-takes-all system is the system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. it's basically a gamble. you come with electors, hope for the best and if your luck is good you leave with a jackpot, but sadly if you dont get the jackpot you lose all. I Agree That "The Electoral College Is Unfair,Outdated,And Irrational."-

states paragrah 14

Certanity of Outcome, Everyone's President, Swing States, Big States,Avoid Run-Off Elections are the "Five resons to keep our despised method of choosing the president", These reasons still dont give us any solutions. The five reasons arent about being fair its about what comes along with  winner-takes-all.

Senator, I think that we should change the way the voting system for the electoral college,because the winner-takes-all has barely worked over the years and now its just unfair.

This is why i think the Electoral College should change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States.                                                                                    