"Why does everyone think I shouldn't go to the movie with Generic_Name?" confusingly asks Generic_Name. The whole group just sighs and gives Generic_Name a quick glance with a voice backing it all up saying, "She just isn't right for you that's why." Generic_Name looks to the ground with defeat on the outside but rage filled on the inside which causes him to try giving a quick defending response. All that came out of his mouth was,"Well what if you're wrong," Which caused the whole group to walk away with quiet whispers and a few laughs. Seeking advice from more than one person is a better choice because it gives you different points of view, more options to choose from, and keeps you closer to the people around you.

First off, seeking opinions from others can be a better choice than only getting an opinion from one person because, it gives you multiple points of view. A great example of this is when my friend Generic_Name got in a fight once. He got sent to the office and was claiming he didn't start it and it was self defense, so they called in a few people who saw what had happened and found out Generic_Name was telling the truth. This is important because if you only ask one person they can use their bias opinion to make a person or situation seem better or worse than it actually was. Another example is in football when there is a call being made all the refs huddle up to talk about their opinions on what happened during the play. This highlights the fact that when there are multiple opinions the out come is usually better and more logical.

Secondly, another good thing about seeking others opinions it can give you more options to choose from. For instance, this happens a lot in the sports world on final plays of the game. What happens is there is not much time left on the clock so they all try to figure out the best play possible to win and try to execute it. This is only useful when there is multiple opinions and plays coming in because with out different options than the one option used might not have been the best one or the most successful. To illustrate, another time having multiple opinions is helpful is when you have a girlfriend. I had the similar thing happen to me when I was dating someone because I didn't have any ideas for a date, so when I asked my friends I had much better and more ideas. All the ideas were helpful and useful and made my date worth while.

Lastly, seeking advice from multiple people is better because it keeps you closer to the people around you. An example of this is when I asked my friends for their opinion on the sport of basketball it not only made me contact them and talk to them but now they know that I am working on a report for school. This helps all of us out because know they know i'm working on my report which means I can't hang out right now and I reminded them about it and made them do it. In addition, this happens a lot when my mom asks one of our neighbors for their opinion on a certain product, but it ends up turning into them catching up and talking for the first time in a while. This helps my mom and our neighbors to stay in touch and get better opinions on products or services.

"Hey guys, what do you think I should do for me and Generic_Name's anniversary?" asks Generic_Name. They all think for a quick second then spit out ideas at Generic_Name like a waterfall. "Necklace, gift, chocolate, and flowers." quickly states the group. While Generic_Name is still processing the information, he says, "I think i'll just go with the necklace and flowers, but thanks for the ideas." All in all, seeking out multiple opinions for advice is better than only having one opinion.