I believe that the use of techonology to read student emotional expression is valuable. It be awesome to read somebody's emotions thorugh a machine. it would tell you alot about what a person is feeling and thats important to know. their are many excellent and well reasoned examples of why this technology is valuable.

My one reason i believe this is valuable technology is if somebody was feeling depressed and was not willing to open up to anybody that individual could do self harm to himself. If they know how that individual was feeling maybe they would have helped he/she. in the passage it says " a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused and bored". Then Dr. Huang says" then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. This technology could become really usful for many different situations. Thats one of the reasons of why this makes this machine so valuable.

The creator of FACS[ [Facial Action Coding System] Dr. Paul Eckman has "classified six basic emotions". The machine can read happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. this type of technology can aid and solve world wide problem. For example what if an individual person or more were having issues with a certain subject at school but dont know how to ask for help. The Computer would make " 3-D computer model of the face" and they can anaylze what they might be feeling about the subject. then thats when the help comes.

Another example is reading different emotions is some how very important. It can be used against people who have commited crime. An example is if a person who murdered somebody and nobody knew if he was being honest or not, the machine can read his emotions and has a better chance to tell if the person is lying or not. It can be used for celebritys and politician as said in the article. This can identify many human being feelings and it doesnt take to much time.

In conclusion their are still many reasons why i believe this technology is valuable. This type of technology would be nice to have around and would be really usful. It would prevent many accidents and help solve probelms. Techonology like this cant go to waste and should be used to our adavntage. this is my reason why i think this technology is valuable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               