Teacher-based or student-based summer project, which is better? Some schools require students to keep their mind thinking even during summer break. They use summer projects to help their mind stay awake. But students completing the project would rather make it themselves than have a teacher assign the project to them. The project should be made by them because they will make it more fun and interesting for themselves, they will make the project easier for them to understand, they will enjoy doing the project since it will be from their prospective.

Although a student-based project would be more enjoyable for them to complete, a teacher based project would be more effective for both the teacher and the student. The teacher would make the project how it's supposed to be because they know what the students are supposed to learn over the summer. Having the students make their own project would make it to easy for them and the teacher would not really know what is going on because the kids are not going to school. Teachers would want the students to know the proper materials for the next school year even if it mean't just writing a summary of a book. The summer project should be a teacher-based project because it informs the teacher of what is happening and what they are doing during the project, it helps the student learn what they need to maintain in their brain during the summer, and it also makes sure the project is not to easy or hard for the students.

To begin, if a student were to make this project it could be more interesting or fun. The student would not want to spend their summer doing a boring project because that would mean that they would put it off until the end of summer or they might just not do it at all. Having a project that makes them go outside and explore the world is very interesting and would make anyone want to do it. Students need motivation and having the project be something fun like go to an amusement park and explain what your see. If a teacher really wants a student to spend their summer doing a project, there has to be a motivation factor or something that makes them want to complete the project.

Secondly, if the project were to come from a student they would make it easier on themselves. Student could work in groups to make it easier. It would not necessarily be the whole project being easier it would just be making short cuts to get to one point faster. The groups would be people who are already friends and that would motivate them to do the project because then while doing work they still hang out with their friends. Making the project easier might also mean that the students might be able to understand it better and if they do need help the can ask their peers or email the teacher.

Lastly, if the teacher want the students to complete the project making it student based will mean that it is from their perspective and not from older people who think the project they made still fits what younger kids like now. What older teachers think young students like might not always be what they like. Students like to explore and be who they want to be but teachers might make a stay at home project. Teenagers and students are also very impatient they do not like to do activities for a long time. This project should have a two week period to complete then the students will complete it faster and will make them more prepared for the next school year.

This all makes the students and teachers life easier. Summer is mean't to be spent away from school so having to complete a project is more then enough fro the students. If the student has a problem which their project they can just ask their peers or they can ask the teacher. It should not be very difficult for the student and schools should only make this a mandatory projects but not make it take up all of the students summer. Neither do teachers want to be grading a bunch of projects at the beginning of the school year when everything just started again.