dear principal, have you ever wondered how nice community service is? well stop wondering and have all of your students do at least 15 minutes of community service a week.

first of all, it is nice to do for others. community service is probably one of the nicest thing you can do for someone. it could help you get stronger. if you help clean up the town, then you could get much more stronger then you were before. if you are stronger then you can do more things that require strength. also, it will build up you self confidence to do more. if you pick up trash around the town then you could get the confidence to do so much more. lastly, it could help you to have a cleaner town. TEACHER_NAME said "a clan town us a happy town." also, 90% of towns that are cleaned become some of the most successful towns ever. in conclusion, not only dose community service help you it also helps the town.

little Johnny can relate with the problem of having a dirty town. Little Johnny was walking home from school one day when he noticed a gum rapper on the gray sidewalk, he picked it up and threw it in the garbage can. he continued walking home when he saw another gum rapper on the sidewalk. he picked it up and put it in the garbage. a few minutes later he saw another gum rapper on the sidewalk. but this time he was mad so he ignored it. that afternoon he told his mom and dad about what happened after school, and they said it didn't matter, and that it is not there problem. the next day he was walking home from school when he found another gum rapper on the sidewalk, so he pick it up and brought it home to his mom and dad and the all wrote a letter to the major of his town saying that they should pick up all of the trash on the ground. and they did.

but all is not bad in this situation. there is a way to solve this problem. first of all, you could do exactly what John did and write a letter to the major stating that every body should pick stuff up. also, you could do what i have been trying tell you wah to do for a long time, tell all of your students to do at least 15 minute of community service.

over all, i think that students should do at least 15 minutes of community service a day, so that the town is clean.