What is the electoral college? The electoral college is a process , not a place . If i would have to argue in favor of keeping the Electoral college or changing to election by popular vote for the president of the united states , I would have to agree with keeping the Electoral college. I would agree because the Electoral college consists of 538 electors , a majority of 270 is required to elect presidents , and i think that it is a fair amount of people who are required to vote.

This Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors , the meeting where they vote for President and Vice president , and the counting of the electoral votes by congress . These votes are very important because with those votes you are making a very important choice by voting for the president and vice president , it should not stop because you could make a difference with just one vote you never know and you would not  want just anybody as your president , right ? These electotral votes should not stop .

This election is held every four years on the tuesday after the first Monday in November . If we make a vote for our candidate we are actually voting for our canditate electors , very important. After the presidential election your governor prepares what they call  " Certificate of Ascertainment " , what is that ?  it is listing all of the candidates who ran for President in your state along with the names of their respective electors it is so important because it shows which electors will represent your state at the meeting of the electors in December year . The Certificates of Ascertainments are sent to the congres and the National Archives as part of the official records of the presidential election .

Bradford wrote " The indefensible Electoral college : Why even the best laid defenses  of the system are wrong " . It talks about how some people prefer a direct election to the kind we have now .and how this year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency , yet the the electoral college still has defenders . This shows electoral colllege is good because it still has its defenders.

It says at the most basic level , the electoral college is unfair to voters because of the winner-take-all sysrem in each state . Some voters do feel like electoral college is unfair but others do not , they should do electoral college because of all the reasons i just gave wether some people like it or not . They should not abolish electoral college.    