Dear state senator,

I am writing you today because I find we should not be using the electoral college. It doesn't make much sense to make things so much more complicated than they have to be. Why would we vote for a group of people to vote for us? it doesnt make sense, why not just vote on our own, that way we know we voted for whom we really wanted

? voting for an electoral group is like going to vote and saying "Hey, im going to vote today for a group that will hopefully vote for the presisdent i want." I personally would not put my faith in someone who could just so easily change their mind and not vote for my choice.

I do see the reasoning in having an electoral college so that way we are less likely to end up with a tie or any other mishaps. however why would we not instead just have an extra group of say, 50 people to vote if we end up with a tie? I find that would be much easier. people would be able to just vote for whom they wanted and be done with the whole situation.

Remeber the disaster factor? we are lucky that 2000 situation was the biggest election crisis in the century; the system allows far worse. our legislatures are responsible technically for picking electors, and the chosen electors can always go against the will of the people.

what if a tie does occur in the electoral vote? it nearly happened in 1968, a shift of just 41,971 votes would have deadlocked the election; in 1976, a tie would have occured if a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voter in hawaii had voted the other way. the election is only a few swing voters away from a disaster.

The electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, canidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winmning, focusing on the tight races in the "swing" states. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the canidates at all. If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters in Ohio, they have yet to make it.

The electoral college is just not a fair nor good way to handle the voting system and i believe we need to change it.                                              