There are many advantages to limiting car usage.  A few of these examples are that it is better for the environment because it reduces greenhouse gasses and causes less polution and smog.  Another advantage is car traveling is becoming less nessasary because of citys like New York and new and improved telecommuting methods.  Also, car usage is becoming less popular, this is because of "no car days" and people just not bothering to get a car or a license.

To begin with, when you limit car usage, it is better for the environment because off all the greenhouse gas reduction caused by not using as many cars and other gas producing vehicles as much.  For example, in source 1, by Elisabeth Rosenthal, it states that " And that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes....passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States".  50 percent is a large number to be taken up by cars alone, if we can reduce car reduction, we can reduce greenhouse gasses.  Another example of why car reduction is an advantage is because of the pollution and smog areas.  You can clearly see this being stated in source 2, by Robert Duffer, "[The smog] rivaled Bejing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world."  If Bejing, were to do what Paris did, they too could reduce smog and pollution by car reduction.  Also, in Bogota, Columbia, they have no car days, to limit the amount of smog.  However, limiting car usage to better the environment is not the only reason of why it is an advantage.

Secondly, one other advantage of car reduction is because it is becoming less nessasary to own a car.  For example, as stated in source 4, by Elisabeth Rosenthal, New York, is starting several programs to use cars less, including car-sharing, skyrocket bridge, tunnel tolls, and bike sharing programs.  In that source, it also says that when someone stops using a car, for whatever reason, they find it unnesasary to continue using cars, mostly because some citys are becoming more centralized again, and it's becoming easier to walk to stores.  However, thats not the only reason that it's being less nessasary to own a car. Another reason is because of improved telecommuting methods.  In source 4, Mimi sheller is quoted while talking about how people don't feel the need to drive to see their friend, instead they use their phone or computer to communicate.  Another reason for limiting car usage is because it is becoming less popular.

Thirdly, a lot of citys are starting to have car free days, this is shown in source 3, by Andrew Selsky.  In cities like Bogota, Cali, and Valledupar, all in Columbia, they have "Day without cars" this is one example of cars becoming less popular because, even though it was raining, tons of people still participated.  Another example is in source 4, by Elisabeth Rosenthal, she says that her children, both of age to get a license and living where one might want a license, still have not gotten there license because they do not think it is nessasary, and they simply stay where they can walk, or ride bikes, or take the bus, or the subway.  Mr. Sivak has shown that the number of 16 to 39 year olds that have a license has significantly reduced.

In conclusion, there are many advantages to limiting car usage including it is better for the environment, it is becoming less nessasary, and it is also becoming less popular.    