The summer months are a key time for both students and teachers to regroup from the school year that just occurred, and to prepare for the school year that is to come at the end of their short break. This time is important to both groups because it is a more care free period where they are not under the constant pressure school brings. This time can be very beneficial for everyone to prepare for the next school year. Studies have shown that students who do not continue to do educational work over the summer months fall behind and lose the information they gained during the prior school year. The most ideal project is teacher-designed because a student will most likely not plan an assignment that is actually helpful or one that prepares them for the upcoming year. A teacher will be able to design one that prepares the students well for the upcoming curriculum and helps them manage their time well over the summer months. A summer assignment is one that will not be necessarily a very difficult one but it will require time management and if done well, can be very beneficial for the students.

After the long school year the last thing a student wants to do is more work. If a student was to design their own project it probably would not be helpful. A teacher is able to access what is necessary to learn before the class starts and they will be able to create a project that is nothing but beneficial. In my own past experiences the summer projects have never been very difficult but they have required a small amount of my time and energy. When these projects were spread out I was able to complete them well and they helped me. I have never had a project assigned to me over the summer months that was necessarily difficult and I have never received a large amount of them at the same time. It is usually only required by a few core classes and it is not difficult to complete them. The only thing they really require is the time. They need to e done in a timely manor and done to the best ability to prepare for the next year.

Managing time is one of the most important, yet difficult portion of a summer project but it is also something that is very difficult. Not only is it important for that summer project but those time management skills carry over into the coming school year. A project that is designed by a student may not properly prepare you for the rigor of the curriculum that is to come or the amount of time that is necessary for the class. A teacher creating a project will be able to demonstrate how much time the student will need to put in for their class in the upcoming year. If a student is able to manage their time well during the summer months when there is always something better to do then they will be able to manage all of their classes and those course loads better. They will have a better idea of what they need to do to succeed in the next school year.

The classes over the years have only gotten more difficult in my personal experience and before y freshman year none of my teachers assigned any work for me to complete during the summer. I did not know anything about them on the first day or what the courses would be like. It was frightening and looking back I wish at least one of my teachers had assigned some form of work for me to do so that I had some idea of what I was getting into. It was sort of like being thrown into the deep end of a pool before ever learning how to swim. Keeping my head above water wasn't tasking but I was unable to swim to where I wanted. it took a little bit of time before I was actually comfortable in my classes and having some summer work would have made it much easier to transition into those classes.

When I was younger the idea of summer was much different then it is today, just like the school years have changed. When I was younger my parents were involved in most aspects of my life and knew what summer work I had to do. I was taught that in order to succeed, I would have to do the work and do it well. I would never be able to reach my goals if I did not get the necessary things done on time and summer work was no different. Now I know that summer work is a large possibility for my breaks and f it is assigned it should be done. it is being assigned for a reason therefore I should complete it.

Honestly I do not trust myself enough to create a well thought out project for myself without cutting myself some slack. I would much rather have a teacher give me the assignment and complete it to the best of my abilities.

In conclusion, I believe that all the assignments that I am given during the summer months are well done and should be designed by the teachers instead of the students doing it for themselves. In the past the summer assignments that I have been given have not been too difficult and I never really minded doing them. The teacher is the one who teaches the class and if they expect us to have prior knowledge of the class then they should be the ones designing it. It is not going to be harmful and there is plenty of time over the summer for it to be completed so I do believe that a project designed by teacher over the summer is more beneficial then one that would be designed by a student. 