In this article it talks about the face of Mon Lisa. Many of people have wondered and thought what Mona was feeling or was trying to express. Will now they came out with a new software were it recgonizes and tell the experssions of ones face. To me I don't like the idea of the software, it can be subatage to someones art. In parapgraph one in the beginning of the sentnce it gives you bunch of facial expressions that Mona is giving. The software indicates several expressions that she is making. In paragraph 3 says when the process begins, the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face. They recognize the the muscles and what the face is expressing.

To me this software of a cheat cheat to art. Art is meant to be looked at, to be studied and to make you more intrested in the art. You can have a millions of questions about an art piece the cool thing about the Mona Lisa is that it is a very famous painting, why because it was unique, people wondering for many years to see if she is smiling or no or what she's is expressing. in paragraph 5 says,"We humans perform this same impressive "calculation" every day." Which is a good thing becuase we learn more about the face and how they make it with expressions.

A software shouldn't be able to tell what they're expressing it just makes you not observe the photo anymore as much, because now that they may know what she's expressing she won't have the much popular attention to it like it did before. Says in paragraph 6,"The Mona Lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows how much this computer can do." Really it even says imagine a computer knowing when your happy or sad, to me thats just invasion to a person, you can always tell you how you are feeling and many just decide to keep them to themselves.

Many people have their way of expressing themselves and sometimes you can be curious of how they're feeling. Which is good because the more you look at something you study it and you put piece and piece together until you solve it. Look at pragraph 7, it gives you something to do while your looking in the mirror, to make a face expression, and the face they told you to make was smiling. It's showing how easily you can describe someone face just by describing the face and the muscle form. It's not always good for everyone to know what you're face is expressing because thats just dull. It's not important for people to know, which will just make you more curious of you. Just as long as you know what your feeling, and thats what I think the artist that did this painting was trying to achieve.

This is my opinion on the software. I think that it is useless. It really is something that is happening now in this world is that technology is taking over us and what we do. We barley use our brains to study or read over something because we use the internet for that. We don't play outside or even try to look at new things in the world because were distacted by our phones or the tv. Most people are barley active and decide just to lay around and look at a screen. Now this is another thing less for a person to worry about, and slowly things that we are capable of doing by ourselves and using our head wouldn't be neccary because there's a sofware to that for us. Artist express themselves in art and they want people to figure it out and admire their painting, not a software to tell us. We become intelligent more each day if we use our head and take time to think about and thats something that is good for the people.    