Advancements in how we are providing education continue to grow in the number of options for how one is receiving their education, Attending classes in school is a way that a majority of people receive their education, although some students are provided the opportunity and option to receive education outside of the typical school environment, this being options to learn from home. These options can include online courses, or a video conference. Students would not benefit from an education outside of the school environment as much as they would attending school, because being separated from a learning environment makes it more difficult to complete work and focus, participating in an online course allows for a lack of communication and ideas from other peers, receiving help from a teacher or an instructor would be more limited and restricted if one were to take an online course.

When working in an environment other than school, in this case at home, there is a removed focus of the student due to the setting they are in, and it may make learning more difficult in terms of concentration. Take for example, completing an online course. When students are at home taking the online course, they are placed in a more comfortable environment that lacks a working ambiance. Consequently, there is a greater chance that the student could focus their attention away from the work because of distractions that may include: television, chores, video games, and others. They may also more easily have the tendency to slack off and fall behind. While completing work at a school, students are surrounded by materials that place them in the mindset of their education, and provided help and support that encourages learning and success, rather than the at home comforts. Fortunately, at school there are a limited number of things that will focus ones attention away from what is needed to be completed, and done to the fullest potential with effort. In a working environment the encouragement to learn not only comes from the instructors, but also the other students that also attend the school.

Provided a student takes a course outside of a school, they are not always given the opportunity to have other peers around that are earning the same education. Some may claim that independent work is a better option, but what is so beneficial from attending a school is that students are exposed to other ideas developed by other students, and can participate in engaging discussions to make further achievements. Through these shared concepts, students can learn and comprehend more information off of one another, and make connections through certain ideas that are shared in class. This is demonstrated not only through group assignments, but through the participation of students during a class lesson. When a student is called on to share aloud, they are sharing an idea that may benefit someone else's learning experience, and help with their improvement and understanding of the curriculum in the class. School group projects allow students to share their ideas towards one another and further their comprehension of the relevant information. The students may develop a new way to perceive the topic, which, beneficially, is crucial for their success in the course and in the future. Ideas are not only defined through other students, but are defined through the professionalism the teachers carry in the course.

Students knowledge is generated through in person help from instructors, given that students struggle to make a connection and perceive the topic. Online courses do not give the opportunity for students to ask engaging and purposeful questions to help them make achievements. If students who are participating in taking an online course at home begin to struggle in a course, the lack of communication from someone who is experienced may further complicate that situation; however teachers i school direct students primarily to succeed in the course, and are willing to provide all the help necessary for a student's success. Even if students are taking a course through, for example a video conference, they still are not gaining the same help. If a video conference lesson was for a math course, it would be complicated for a teacher to view the mistakes made on practice that a student completed, and directly present to them what they did incorrectly. Teachers roles are to expand and elaborate on topics, so a student is able to gain a full understanding of the curriculum necessary for a test, or a future assessment. Those who are taking a course at home do not gain that full elaboration or background knowledge as a student who is receiving in person instruction would.

It is crucial for a person who wants a full and purposeful learning experience to attend an actual school. Although some may make claim that taking a course at home provides for more personal time to complete other necessary tasks, and can learn the same information as those who are attending an actual school, those that are not educated in a school aren't receiving the same fulfillment and educational opportunities as those who are educated in a school environment. Some may also believe that at home courses aren't as complex and are more flexible, but they allow for more mistakes, and less knowledge gained through them. Schools are not only beneficial but are crucial success not only in the courses they are taking, but in future roles, whether that be, for example, in a career, or becoming financially stable. Secondary options to attending a school, like courses at home, are not the same and do not hold the same roles or positions as a school do in the sense of a person's success. 