I think yes, it can help students with their feeing becuase my first reason is becuase emotions matter alot. My seconed reason is becuase reason a article can halp people feel better if they pay good attions to what the story says. my last reason is becuase showing feelings they the way we look.

My first reason it can help students becuase by the way people read the story and look at the foto there is a lot of ways to look and read it. If there is a person who really is feeling sad they can read a story that has a lil og exititing moments on the story and with happy pictues that shows the feelings of the story. It can help alot beuase by looking at the pictuce and really paying attintion to the story it can grab the readers attintion. Once th author got the readers attiontion the reader is going to be focesed of what the book is about and going to make them change their feelings.

My seconed reason by reading the article it can change feelings. It can make then get into the feeling they want to get into eather it can be mad, sad, happy scared, exited, ect. There is a lot of feeling people can get into if they into what the author want to tell them by reading.

My last reason is by the way they look. Not alot of the people show they way they feel. If people dont show how they feel it becuase most of the idea is becuase hey are holding there feelings down deep in them. If they not showing it most people say they dont show it because they dont want to make people worry becuase they are in a bad mood and just dont want to get bothered. They try to show they are stong but deep dow they are holding a hard feelings they they going to remember at some other time becuase they are heoding it in them and they are the people who just dont want to do stuff at a surten time. The people who show there feeings i think they are the people who have the most good time becuase they get rid of that feeling.

Inconcluion that is my three reasons why it think it can help people when they are in the mood they dont want to be in.