Dear, Principal

I honestly think that the idea of having All students perform community service may be a good idea, but it can also not be a bad idea. There are some students who think the same and want to do the same as others, but there are other students who don't express themselves in that kind of way. Students should have a right in deciding what they want to do.

One reason that this is a good idea is because, if we all work together at this just as a school our world would be a better place just with the help that the kids are supporting our country. It is also a good idea because this can be an opportunity to show kids that there is something we can do to make a change, and we can all be apart of it and still make a big difference. Another reason this is a good idea because it can show kids that instead of being on the computer, or watching t. v , or even sleeping at home we can make a big change, and some students don't realize that.

But, one reason this is a bad idea is because students like to express themselves in anyways possible, maybe they don't like to tutor elementary school students, or clean up liter that is not there's. Like me for example I have so many ways of expressing my self. For example I love writing i can write all day, i also like being on the web and home and texting. But by this stuff that i am doing i can also make a change without doing community service. For example because i like writing so much i can write a letter to a animal shelter and help them out. Or who knows, maybe i can even write one to the president of the United States and tell him that we need help down here.

My point here is any student can express themselves and help others in many ways not just community service. All kids have hobbies even if they might not know it yet, kids may like to draw, write, play sports, collect money, or even just liking to help others. Just with those things anyone can make a difference. So i honestly think you shouldn't make all of the students do community service. An idea that you can do is take a vote on how many kids would like to do community service and let them do it. But you should also take a vote on how many kids want to help even by going online and looking at all the horrible stuff that we've been through or stuff we will go through in the future and i grantee you that more kids would want to help in any way possible

Your's Truly,

STUDENT_NAME