Dear State Senator,

On behalf of my right of speech to speak, I think the government shouldn't keep the Electoral College. Because it's a process, without the process of picking out who will be the next president of the United States we would be able too choose a right president, we will choose the light for the people of the United States Of America.

The presidential election is held every four years, you help choose your states electors when you vote for your President, because you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidates electors. During the election, most states have a "winner-take-all" system that deals with all the electors to the presidential candidates. After the presidential election, The governor prepares a " Certificate of Ascertainment" listing all of the candidates running for President in your state with name of their respective electors.

The Electoral College is a process dealing with our founding fathers, whoom which they established it in the constitution as a compomise between the elections of voting for the President in Congress or by popular vote. The Electoral College consist of 538 electors, the majority is 270. Under the 23rd Amendment of te Constitution, the District of Columbia has 3 electos and are treated lke state for a purpose of the Electoral College. In following discussion the word "state" also refers to the district of Columbia. Nothing is always good tho, there is always a bad side towards everything. Like in the Electoral College system, voters don't vote for the president but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect for the President. The single argument against the electoral college is what we might call The disaster factor. State legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, those electors may always defy the will of the people.

They officially say that the electoral collge is unfair because the best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without basis in reality. The arguments against the direct elections are spurious at best. The College is regarded as an anacrinism, a non-democratic metod of selecting a president and to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes is the winner. The College restores some of the weight in the poligtical balance that large states lose by virtue of te mal-apportion of the senate decreed in the constitution. They restore some of the weight in te political balance that large states by population may lose by virtue.

The Electoral College avoids te problm of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the voting cast. It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate wo nas no hope of carrying their state. Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California. Knowing their vote will have no effect, they'll have less incentuve to pay attention to he campaign then rather the President being coosen by a popularity of votes.                                                                                                                              