Community service is important in the world because it helps support ideas like cleaning up our neighborhood to helping the needy. If we didn't have community service, the world may not be a place like it is today. But, everyone has to consider that it is a persons preference to choose to do community service and that they are not forced to do it. Our principal may be doing a good deed in saying that everyone should have to do a certain number of hours of community service, but some people may not be able to and they shouldn't be forced to do any work that they don't have to. So i believe that the principal of my school shouldn't make this rule about community service.

One of the reasons that i think that his rule shouldn't be passed is because community service is important but it's only volunteer work that you should volunteer for and not have to be forced to do it. This is because i know from experience how hard it is to keep up with school work and how stressful sports, school, and family can be for a kid my age. Adding community service to this is not a good idea because i think that it may cause unneeded stress on stressed out kids that may not have the time to do this community service. so i believe that community service should not be forced upon kids of all ages.

Another reason that i think forced community service is a bad idea is because it may cause a drawback in education for kids. This is because kids study after school and do homework and are over their heads in homework sometimes and community service may lead to more missing homework and lower grades on tests and quizzes, especially during the end o the marking period when the quarterly assessments are the most important and also the biggest test out of all of them. Community service would not be a good choice for the students at SCHOOL_NAME because of these reasons.

The final reason that i think forced community service is not a good idea is because kids need sleep. Without sleep, kids would do horrible in school and wouldn't be able to keep themslves awake. this would lead to drops in grades and would also lead to poor behavior in school because of lack of sleep. The reason community service may alter sleeping habits is because some communtiy service may require extra time in the evening which would keep the workers up late at night depriving them of sleep, which would be very bad. Community service would not be a good idea for SCHOOL_NAME because it would affect so many aspects of childrens lives.

Community service would leave children in many downfalls for many aspects of their lives because it may add unneede stress that may cause harm or even change them forever \. so this rule should not be passed in SCHOOL_NAME