What do you think made the face on the side of mars? I think it was naturally made others think that it was made by aliens. I think saying it was made by aliens is unreasnable.

25 years ago NASA says they found the face on Mars. While they were circleing mars with their space drone. It was a short lived suprised because it looked like a natual structure that formed over time. Then a couple days later NASA let the whole world see, if NASA even had the littlest idea that aliens then they would not have released it to the public. The face has become a pop icon that everyone likes. Some thimk that this is pure evidence of life on Mars but NASA's budget defenders wish there was because if there was life on mars then they would get tons of money from the discovery of extraterestrial beings on mars. Overall the face is decaying over the years if there was aliens then don't you think they would fix it at least maybe once or twice over the many years that "their creation" that proves that ali nes didnt make it. You can also compare it to narurally made landforms that are common around the western part of America. So if there were thnings that were made but non natural then they would be able t o see all the falts andpices you can tell that were not naturally made,because of how good the graphics are on the space drones phtos that are tooken in such great quality that you can see all the pixles. This creation really stood out to NASA because they can only see in 2.5km strips amd is mostly made out of Mars dust that surrounds Mars,they had to peer through the wispy clouds just to see it because of how cloudy it is on that side of the planet. Therefor it proves that these are natural land forms because there are things that on earth that may look like this.

In conclusion I think that the face on Mars was naturally made for alot of valid reasons . At the end of the day we might not ever know what made the face on Mars, we can only have our thoughts and oppiouns on Who or What made the structure. 