"Students , i would like for you to tell our principal why its is important for us to perform community service , do next class" . Hmm community service ? well i think that it is important because if people litter eventually out earth is going to be a total mess and the WILL be garbage everywhere , it would be a great task to do after school or on free time and importantly if you would be helping a student our education progress will most likely go up like fire works at the park on fourth of July . I f your still not convinced let me explain my self better .

To begin with , i think i strongly agree for us students to be required to do community service because we are the kids from the future and our earth will become a total dump . I mean kids do have the strength to go around when the have free time and pick up trash for a local park or maybe as a class field trip go to the beach and pick up all the nasty litter people leave their it would be a win , win situation because in out win we will have a progress to a better earth and better place to live and the other win would have to do with the animals out in the ocean , the would also have ea better home and a cleaner place to live . The already going threw an oil spill i honestly don't think the need any more thing in their water . For an example think to yours self would you like to live in water and other people come and just throw things in your 'home' ? didn't think so , neither do i and neither do they .

Secondly , It would be an awesome activity to do after school or maybe even on free time . In stead of sitting around on the computer or on the phone or even sitting their watching t. v

Students can do something productive with their time and make our earth a better place and even maybe have fun with community service it only for our goods . Its not like your doing it for a bad cause . I also think it will educate us not to litter and treat our world better then we do now .

On the other hand i think making us students do community service because if the high school students or maybe middle school student decide to tutor elementary , the education will MOST LIKELY make progress . This is also a win , win situation because the high school/ middle school student would be able to get their minds refreshed with what the learned a couple years back and the other win would be the student from elementary would be getting help and will make progress with their academics . I know that parents will be coming to you saying "wow , SCHOOL_NAME has an amazing principal and teachers cause they know how to really help my son/daughter " and wouldn't that be nice ? thought so .

All in all i think the our principal should really think about our school doing community service because our word WILL become a total dump if kids of the futures don't put their foot down and start to cleaning our earth with community service and it is a good activity to do after school or in free time and not become couch potatoes and if students decide to tutor the education progress and the grade of our younger student will increase . Now i would like to know , don't you think it would be an awesome idea to have us do community service ?