Dear, State Senator

I have come to a conclusion that keeping the Eletoral College would be a much better process instead of an unorganized popular vote. The electoral college is a great process with the votes in congress and a vote of the qualified cictizens. It is more organized with five benifits of certainity of outcome, trans- regonal appeal, winner-take-all method, big states, and avoiding run-off elections. These benifits help the elections go more smoothly. The Electoral College process has a selection of electors that vote for president and vice president, and the counting of electoral votes by congress.

" The dispute over outcome of an electoral college is possible if it happened in 2000 but is less likley than a dispute over the popular vote". "For example, Obama got sixty-one point seven percent of the electoral vote to only fofty-one point three percentof popular votes cast frm him and Romney... "

So the reason for a less likley dispute over a popular vote is because of the winning candidates share of the electoral college. Basically and eletoral vote can be tied by the total number of votes. Even fivehundred thirtyeight is an even number and also unlikely.

"The electoral college requires for a presidental candidate to have trans-regional appeal."

None of the regions have enouough electoral votes to elect a president. So, a regional favorite has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states,  and also gains no electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states he knows he will win in only. It results to just regional apeal and is unlikely going to be a successful president. The residents of other regionds are most likley going to feel like there votes do not count, the new president will have no regards for there intersts, and he is not realy their president.

" The winner- take-all methode of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates-as we saw in 2012's election-to focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states."

The toss-states mostly pay more attention to the campaign and listen to the competitors and they know thay are going to decide the election. They are the most thoughtful voters and they have the most informationand attention. These states should be the ones to decide the election.

Big states get some of the weight restored in political balance by population and lose by virtue of mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution.

"The popular vote was very close in Florida in 2012; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes."

The electoral college also aviods problems of eletions, which no candidate will recieve the majority of votes.

"There is a pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins the majority of the votes cast..."

Pressure can greatly complicate presidential election precess, it is avoided to produce a clear winner. Keep the Electoral college for all of these benifits that make the election process easier for electors and candidates the t chose the electors.

Sincerly, PROPER_NAME  