Its 1983, the stickiness of your fingers still reminisce the apricot you ate earlier while the beating sun destroys the meaning for sunglasses. The thought of eighty-seven more days stuck in your families summer house somewhere in Northern Italy with nothing but books, music, and your bike makes the thought of going back to school almost exciting. While you lay on your chair that afternoon, you remember that your previous History teacher assigned a project on "The Roaring Twenties". To be true, homework did not seem the most appealing activity to accomplish during that hot summer day, never the less, you were meaning to get up and wash your filthy hands of apricot juice. The project consisted of a writing assignment and a piece of self-made artwork. While the assignment felt like it would take all summer to accomplish, all of your previous knowledge kept flooding back like school was just yesterday. With no library within a three-mile radius, there was no need. Your project was finished within a week and the rest of your summer was dedicated to lounging beside the lake near your house and your grandfathers old books he left behind dating back to the early 1900's. Summer projects designed by a students teacher is more effective in preserving a students learning from the previous year because students will have a set assignment directly related to previous school work, an abundance of notes for additional help, and lastly it readies students for their future occupations that will not have three-month breaks.

Summer assignments related directly back to previous work tests and harnesses the ability for students to remember what they've learned. During school holidays, teachers are unable to assign work or projects to students because their breaks are dedicated to leaving ones mind at rest. Though students are unable to receive work over short-term breaks, work over the summer is optional for most teachers. While a break from constant learning is needed for the mind to repair itself, stopping all academic thought can effect the students recovery back into their new school term. Summer assignments most often consist of a short paper or vocabulary words needed for the upcoming year, all achievable within a couple weeks. Not only does being able to accomplish such little work in such a large amount of time show responsibility but it also prepares the student for larger sums of upcoming work.

Summer projects assigned within a students three-month break assures a continuation of previous learned topics that abundantly are handed to students allowed for additional help. Students learn up to four units a year and are assigned up to two projects per unit. Within the year, students attend around 240 classes per-year in taking around 1,920 hours of learning. Within all of the lessons and assignments, one is able to remember an abundant amount of information per-unit, allowing a student to combine all work into a project. Assume a project was based on biodiversity of animals within the agricultural system. With knowledge from ones own memory combined with notes and previous assignments, a project that consists of a 500-word summery of biodiversity will seem like a quick explanation. Though many children around the world suffer from short-term memory loss or just have difficulty harnessing previous knowledge, additional help from previous worksheets to study from or a phone call to a friend that has the same assignment might be able to significantly give a boost of memory or a kick-start. If all is lost from the previous year and making a phone call is not an option, libraries and the vast online knowledge of the web can help support uneasy topics and questions.

Summer assignments prepare children for future jobs and occupations by keeping ones mind at a constant focus without abrupt discontinuation. Most occupations don't give out "summer breaks" for adults because a company can't run without their employees constantly focused on doing their work. While children are allowed a three-month break, during college, a student is no longer under the control of their guardians. Most college students don't get their parents to pay for their all of their supplies anymore. Reciving summer work is just a small step to the upcoming constant work of employees. To make sure students are ready to become an intern or employee, their teachers responsibilities are to make sure students are able to implement previous knowledge into future tasks.

When teachers assign work to students, its not for their own benefit. While most people think that teachers enjoy giving work, they're the ones spending countless hours correcting and grading their students assignments. By the end of ones long hot summer, all of the long nights and amazing memories are not only something special to ones heart, it can also be a kiss from an enemy. The amount of work that was constantly being inserted into a students mind disappears and with the new year approaching, the time it takes for each student to remember all of the hundreds of hours worth of information can be spent learning new topics. Summer assignments designed by teachers are most effective for each individual student because it implements previous information learned by students, allows students to find required tools to complete assigned work without a teacher, and finally prepares one for future occupations that work a students mind constantly throughout the summer. 