High school is a very difficult environment for kids to learn in. Most kids are too busy trying to fit in or look cool, so they can be part of a clique. Teenagers are also pressured into making bad decisions and do not have time to study or work on anything at home because they dont have the time with all the homework they get. Taking high school classes from home would be very beneficial to students and would bring up the overall success rate in high school. Students would also be able to get more sleep which can keep them awake and aware of the lesson they are learning.

Keeping students at home would also help eliminate bullying in schools. Most bullying is because of the way someone looks or acts when they stay at home no one can make fun of the way the look or act. This will also help kids with extreme anxiety because when you walk into a test room it can be very intimidating but when you are at home you feel much more relaxed and comfortable. Students staying home is a great way to keep their mental health in a good state. This could also help keep students safe, when a student is late and rushing to school in the morning they are likely to speed which could end up causing a accident.

Most high schools start at around 7:30 forcing their students to wake up at 6 sometimes 6:30 or 7 but yet they also give out homework that can keep them up till 3 AM. Students also have to get jobs to pay for their cars or gas and are still expected to do their homework. Giving homework is not fair to the students at all but with staying at home they can finish all their work in time and get a good nights sleep. When they get a full night worth of sleep it can help make them more creative or more productive bringing up the grades of most students. They will have time in the mornings to eat breakfast as well and can get a actually meal for lunch benefiting the health of students.

Whenever we have Snow or a virus outbreak we have to cancel school this will no longer need to happen as most kids have internet at home and can work from home. When a student gets sick they can easily get into their pajamas get on the computer and do school work while being comfortable. The bad part about this idea though is students will not learn how to socialize or how to make good connections with people. Also if a student loses their internet access or has a power outage their is no way for them to attend class besides going to a nearby place with internet. There is no doubt that doing online school is much more beneficial then public school.

Giving students the option of online schooling is a great idea and should be used more often. It will help the mental state of students. It will also help the physical state by letting them get more rest and eating as much as they need to. They can also focus on other parts of life like getting a job or spending time with family instead of doing homework all night. Students will no longer have to take days off anymore bringing up the attendance in high school. Doing this can make high scool a much easier and less stressful environment to learn in.