Dear state senator,

My letter is in regards to changing the election to popular vote for the president of the United States. I believe that we, the people, should have the opportunity to choose whom we wish to become President.

The reason why people go out to vote, is because they have a specific person in mind. Although throughout election time, many people are brought to different conclusions that one candidate is better then the other, or they both have their flaws yet, they strongly represent one thing the other candidate dispises. Either way, there are those types of people who just cannot decide. They may be left undecided, and have changed their minds by the time it's ready to vote. It's a big deal for people to go out and take action. So what would make the electoral college change one view of voting? Its the fact that we aren't really voting for our president. We are voting for our electors of the state, to vote for our president. And on top of that, there are still many people out there who don't have a clue that their actually voting for someone in our state to decide for us. Although the electoral college does help make the presidential election less complicated, it's the mere fact that WE aren't making much of a difference.

The electoral college doesn't only have a few minor set backs, but it could tarnish out dreams of who we wanted to be president by way more than we could've expected. When it comes to voting for electors, its a difficult thing when it comes to how many electors represent which political party. Democrat, or Republican. Say one wanted the one candidate running for president to win, and he/she were Republican. That person would go out and cast a vote for a slate of however many of republican electors there are for that state. The part that gets a lot of people is that there could be fewer Republican electors then there are Democrat electors. Say one still wanted the Republican candidate to win and they voted in their residential state which was Nevada. IF Nevada had 4 Republican electors then that meant anyone who voted for the Democrat electoral wasn't chipping in much to the election. In the end, all the electors votes are counted for each side, and because Nevada had only two dedicated Democrats, the chances of the Democrat candidate having less electoral votes then the Republican candidate, has increased. If this problem happenes for several other states, then the chances double, even triple.

If this doesn't make you think that the electoral college should go, then think again. The electoral college is definitely unfair to voters. Any chance of unfaithful electors, could happen. It could make one feel betrayed that they voted foe a specific elector to do one job. Which was to help select the president the voter wanted. Whats the point in putting your trust in someone who could just easily turn around and NOT vote who you wanted? There is no point. But that's what we're doing when we vote. We are making it an option for that to happen. So why not vote by popular vote? Why not avoid all the issues the electoral college can cause for us? We should be lucky that back in '00, that was the biggest election crisis and it COULD'VE been worse.

In conclusion, we the people, should have the opportunity to vote and actually have our vote counted. Because every state doesnt't have the sam eamount of people in each, the chances of there being a tie in the presidential election, is slightly unlikely. Other then there being a tie in the nationwide electoral vote because the votes add up tp 538; an even number. We shouldn;t put ourselves through this, and truth be told, the election is confusing as it is. I say, we should get rid of the electoral college. It's not needed, and a pain.                         