Everyone should have the equal opportunity to attend public school. Due to unfortunate circumstances some students don't receive this equal opportunity, and they can not attend public school with their peers. By offering distance learning courses to all students this issue could be resolved. A program like the distance learning program would give every child the chance to go to public school if they wish. The program would be simple; students could attend school from home via online or video conferencing. If more schools were to adopt this simple solution more students would be able to go to school and learn alongside their peers. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students and their families would not have to worry about transportation to and from school, some students are too anxious about going to a public school, and for some students it is the only option.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students and their families would not have to worry about transportation. The journey to school is different for every student. For some an easy five minuet walk will get them to school with no worries, others a fifteen minuet bus ride, and for few a treacherous path lies between their house and their nearest public school. This situation could prevent a child from attending a public school at all, or make it very difficult to attend everyday. The family shouldn't have to move from the house they love for their children to attend school. The distance learning program would be able to fix this situation. Fortunately for the family, with the distance learning program, the student would be able to video conference the schools from the comfort of their home. Personally, I know a program like this would benefit families like my cousins family who lives far out of the way and struggles to drive to school every morning because public school transportation does not go far enough to reach where they live. This program would take the stress off the family and continue to allow the student to attend public school.

In addition to taking the stress off families about transportation, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because some students are too anxious about going to a public school. Due to recent events, the anxiety of there being a school shooting has gone up in many students. Some students live in fear of being in the next school shooting. For some the anxiety is overwhelming and it makes the student no longer want to physically attend public school. This anxiety could also become distracting while in the public school setting taking the students attention away from learning and instead worrying about the possibility. This should not be a reason any student is unable to learn how any other student would in a public school. With the distance learning program students with this anxiety would be able to virtually attend school with peace of mind from their home. Programs like the distance learning program would help give more students peace of mind which would help a lot in times like these.

Lastly, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because for some students it is their only option. For some students schooling from home is their only option. For example some students have health issues preventing them from attending public school. They could be too sick or vulnerable to be around all the other students. Although for many of these students they wish to attend public school with their peers to feel like every other student their age. The distance learning program would be giving these students the opportunity to study among their peers in a public school setting. While some may say the video conferencing would be a distraction to students, it would be giving students who are unable to attend public school physically the chance to learn the way all other students who can attend public school physically do.

In conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students and their families wouldn't have to stress over transportation to and from school, some students are too anxious about going to a public school, and for some students it is the only option. This program would benefit not only students but also the school in many ways. Plus there are little to no downsides. Don't you think every student should have the equal opportunity to learn just like everyone else? Every child should have the chance to attend public school any way they can.