Kids and young adults that go down wrong paths can change. After school or extracurricular can help that. I think that students having to participate in a extracurricular activity is one of the best things a school can do. Even if its just a homework club. It will keep them busy and will help them exceed academically. It will help build strong relationships with there peers and teachers. Students that participate in extracurricular will exceed academy and will not go down a path of illegal activity.

Gangs are rising everywhere there technique is too bring in middle school students. As there developing physically and mentally, also middle school gets out early so there home before there parents. Some feel like there parents don't show the same love or don't care. So they turn to people who they think do. When people start making promises and make you feel good you want to be around them more. A gang is not the answer but most will turn to one. Gangs are telling young adults to do many things such as shoot up a rival gang, homicide. and drive bye. These can land you in prison for up to a life time. Teen are so easy to take advantage of.

Its not always gangs. Teen brains are still developing. The miss lead and boredness can lead to drugs use. Most teen are miss lead when its comes to drugs. A friend can say its cool or celebrity and then they all think it's cool. When teens are bored or left alone they turn to drugs. They feel as comfort and they get addicted. Drug usage can lead to overdose and even death. Its important the kids always have an trusted adult beside there parents to talk to.

As a victim of this I believe after school was a perfect fit for me. I got to surrounded myself by friends and teachers. It also helped me academically excel and I always had something to do. Being taken advantage of is easy especially at the age of an middle school student. Participating in extracurricular can help stay away from people who want to use you. My advice to people is if you have to try to be someone friend there not your friend.

Over all kids should be forced to participate in extracurricular. It will set them on a straight path. They will excel academically and have better relationships with there there peers. It will keep then out of trouble in and out of school. It is important for kids to set on the right path at a young age so they can continue that in the future. After school is a blessing. It can save lives. What if your child was in that position?        