Dear principle,

I support Policy 1 because students can listen to music in there free time and have them off in class. The students would also have a happy day other then having there phones or iPods out during class and get in trouble and then be mad at the school.

Another bonus with this policy is that if they are caught with there phones or iPods teachers can take them away and give them back to the students at the end of the day.

Policy 2 just makes students want to test the school and see if you are kidding or not you would have more students in detention from having there phones or iPods out then anything else. Policy 1 has Students have a time to themselves and listen to there type of music. Most teens in that slide show had there phones out in hallways, in the library or when they were at lunch, well basically there free time to do what they want and to be independent , most teachers care if a student has a phone out during class time but if you follow policy 1 students wouldn't be mad a teachers and students wouldn't have break outs at the teachers.

The students should follow Policy 1 , so they can have a time just to themselves and chill. I strongly agree with Policy 1. I strongly disagree with Policy 2, kids would get mad more kids would test the school to see if they are serious and then find out the consequences but do it over and over again.

Parents may also be happy with policy 1 cause parents could check in on there kids and make sure they bring home what they need and if they have to stay after. Parents could also have there kids call from there cell if they need something cause then students don't need to call from a school phone and make parents think they are in trouble to most parents may or may not like this policy, some parents might not like either policy. But it doesn't hurt to try and see if it works out and if it does then keep it, if it doesn't go back to your old Policy.

A lot of students would be happy if the school followed this policy. But more stealing might happen cause students would have it out and someone could just walk by and take it and they would never know. I had my phone stolen from me out of my pants when i was at gym, students could have this same thing happen to them. They would have to put all that stuff in a safe and proper place during class like their locker or there backpack.

Sincerely,

A caring Student trying to help teachers and students.