I don't like how the students have to pick what they what to do what if they don't what to do noting and I feel like they are getting focus to do something they don't what to do. But some kids would like it because they like sports or to work on the yearbook for the school or take serve on the student council. But the other student they dont like to do any of that but they are being focus to do stuff.

The principal should not focus the kids to do something they don't what to do the principal should ask if they what to do it or not. Because that is more stuff that they got to do and it is not fair on them. And the kids are not going to like there principal no more because the principal is making them do stuff that they don't what to do. And I feel like they should have freedom.

I disagree I just don't see how I't is fair to the students that don't what to do it and you can not get mad at them because that is a lot that they got to do you them they got homework to do they got class work to just so much stuff they got to do. And then they got to do that to I just feel mad for them but i can see I some kids would like it. But I disagree.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         