Money. Technology. Opportunity. students to attend classes from home by way of online more benefit and against for students. Students to attend classes from by of online is good to save time. However, It cost a lot of money. In today's world , most of students can accesses education at home according to

The Washington post . Although, some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing,nevertheless, students can not get a chance to make a new friend because their are not allowed to go school If they attend classes from online and no more opportunity to meet new people. spending time with friend helps student to be a confident person and gives more experiences.

To begin, a lot of students work on weekend also some students work after school too. For example, most of students are working forty five hours in a week. This shows that more students can get tried so they do not like to go school. They just like to focus on their education by an online. Clearly, It is important to use a technology at home because we do not need to spend our time and students might can not get a ride on time. Technology is the best to makes a life easier. Besides, the technology make us a lazy and affect on our body. For example,when we use our smart phone it so bad on our an eyes.

Furthermore, students to attend classes from home by way of online might expensive to start a class,because students can not get enough money for online class. Actually, it cost a lot of money so students going to ask their parents to cover the paid. For example, parents can not allowed for their children to attend on an online because public school is free for all students. They just do not like to pay on an online for student and they think student can not understand on an online.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. This shows that how students should learn more stuff by way of online. Obviously, learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online more interesting thing.

Overall, attend classes from by way of online make students confused. If the student do not get it something in the class then students always have a chance to ask the teacher what going on that stuff, but an online some students even more difficult to understand what the teacher talking about. Sometimes it is better to look the people how they focusing on their action, because we do what we see. students can make a mistakes but they can learn from each other. Attend classes an online more useful on this time; to learn how to use different apps, get learn more option. and it is necessary.

In conclusion, students to attend classes from home of online more benefit and against for students.

In today's world , most students can accesses education at home according to

The Washington post . Although, some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing,nevertheless, students can not get a chance to make a new friend because their are not allowed to go school If they attend classes from online and no more opportunity to meet new people. To begin, a lot of students work on weekend also some students work after school too. For example, most of students are working forty five hours in a week. Furthermore, students to attend classes from home by way of online might difficult. because students can not get enough money to paid online. Overall, attend classes from by way of online make students confused.

I think the benefit from being able to attend classes should be good for some students moreover, attend classes for home cost a lot of money. 