Have you ever seen something that looked like a extra terestrial sight like crop circles, well NASA's Viking 1 saw something that looked like an egyptian face while circling Mars looking for a place for its sister ship (Viking 2).

In 1976, a photo of what was though to be a Ancient Egyptian Face turned out to be a hoax (unintentionally) and was actually just a Land formation with inclined rocks that formed a Shadow that conveyed illusions of two eyes a nose and a mouth. At first this was a very succesful and popular image, a section from the article states that " The Face On Mars has becoma a pop icon, that starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk show and even haunted stores for 25 years". this states that this photo was a clear sign of Extarestrial life, at least at the time.

Although many people beleived this theory was a Alien artifact it was eventually disproven on April 5, 1998 as shown on the article "And so on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all".

Allthough many people still believe that scientists must have missed something and that it really is a allien artifact sorry to burtst your bubble but, you are wrong. See Scientists have been working on this theory for very many years they have gone back and looked at it multiple times, retaken pictures from multiple different angles, Enlarged x3 and still the only thing there is the Martian equivalent of a butte or messa.

On april 8, 2001 a Mars Global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. They then rolled the spacecraft 25 degrees to center the Face in the field of view, Malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution. "Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 156 meters compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1978 Viking photo".

So from all of the information from this article it is confirmed that "The Face" isn't really a extraterestrial artifact, but just a measly illusion.  