Did you know that 6 out of 10 kids do extracurricular activities? I agree that the principal should make everybody do at least one extracurricular activity. There are so many different things to choose from as your extracurricular activity. You could do a sport or you could even join a club. I agree with the principal because you could make new friends, you can join a club, you can join a sports team and it can help you to stay healthy and fit.

Schools offer many different sports that you can play. You can do boys or girls basketball, softball, boys or girls track and field, volleyball, wrestling, and field hockey. If you decide that you want to do a sport there are so many positive things to get out of it. It can help you to stay healthy and fit, you could loose weight and gain healthy eating habits. Also it can encourage you to step out of the box more and do new things and take more opritunities. School sports teams are a lot of fun and maybe if you like it a lot you can join a sports team outside of school.

Even if sports arent your thing then you could join a club. Schools have lots of clubs including, chess, reading club, homework club, NJHS, video game club and, the green team. There are lots of clubs at schools to join and if you decide to join a club that you've never done before or that you've never even heard of you may end up liking it. Joining clubs can inspire you to venture out and maybe even continue on with that club outside of school. Maybe you're so interested in it that you want to start your own club.

Extracurricular activities can help you make new friends. 4 out of 10 friends start in extracurricular activities. Lots of people who meet while doing a sport or a club end up staying friends for life. School is an amazing place to make new friends. You will never know or experience such great things unless you try. Having a friend that enjoys the same things that you enjoy is good too because you guys can relate on many things. While you go to practice you will always have a partner and you guys can even practice together outside of school.

I completely agree with the principals decision. Going to school may be your least favorite thing to do but if you have something to look forward to then school may become your new favorite place. School is a great place to venture out and try new things. Extracurricular activities include sports and clubs and they are a great idea and something that everyone needs to do. The principal has a good point of view because there are so many things to choose from, you could play a sport, join a club and, make new friends.         