The Electoral College is a process that should be around for plenty of years to come.

It was established by our founding father as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualitified citizens. It's a simple process in which a running candidate would need a majority of 270 electoral votes.

Our founding fathers came up with this process in order for the election of a President to run smoothly. When using the Electoral College you have an exact percentage of the outcome of the votes, no guessing or estamating. The Electoral College has a method of awarding electoral votes, inducucing the candidates to focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states. This is because voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign, making it easier for the candidates to study what the certain states needs are and convincing them that if they vote for them, their needs will be met. Some may say that the winner-take-all system isn't fair to some states because most of the candidates don't even bother going to the states that they know they have no chance in winning. Well this can be argued by saying that this method may help the candidates because if they know that they have no chance in winning in some states, they might specifically prepare a certain speech that may persuade the state to vote for them. Also no voter's vote swings a national election.

The electoral college has many ways that can help a candidate win the election and it might make things more easier for him/her. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have a trans-regional appeal. This means if the voter is from the south, they have no reason to campaign heavily in those sates. Instead they can spend more time in states that need a little more convincing fot the candidate to gain their vote. It also restores some of the weight in the political balance that a large states loses by virtue of the mal-appotrionment of the Senate decreed in the constitution.  Some may say that the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote is something to worry about. But the Electoral College avoids the problem of there being a run-off election. If there was no Electoral College, this would put pressure for run-off elections, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, which it invariably produces a clear winner.

So all in all, the Electoral College should be kept and stay the way it is. It isn't complicated and makes the election run more smoothly. It provides multiple ways for a candidate to win the vote of a certain state and avoids major problem during the election.                            