Driverless Cars is becoming the most advanced invention the world right now. The new project that every car company is producing is trying to find a way that there could be less accidents if a car is driving itself than the driver. Many have suggested this idea to go on. It would be good for the safety of the people on the roads.

Imagine all this cars driving on their own while the person can enjoy doing something else. This is what a producer or a person thinks of during a car like this made. In this state, many companies have made programs for the cars to drive on their own when nothing bad is going on. When an accident happens,the car will alert the driver or get its attention the driver must drive becasue the car isn't programed to do that yet. There would be less accidents when driverless cars than the actually driver. If there is someone thats hurt or drunk, that person wouldn't get into a major acciednt. The car will drive that person hom or the hospital depending on the situation.

These cars are programed to alert the driver at different situations like the people at GM have created a car that would have the drivers seat to vibrate it the car detects an accident nearby. At BMW, they have developed the Traffic Jam Assistant. This program is designed have sensors that makes sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel and alert the driver at any cost. BMW says its a great way to do things that you aren't suppose to do like talk and text while driving. This ability allows the driver to do whatever they like to do. When the driver wants to drive, just tell the car and it will untill you don't want to drive anymore.

In most cases most of them are depending on the law and if these cars are sent out without any law for those types of cars, people could sue the company. Thats why google has a few just in case if anything happens like that cause. Thats why they wait and see what could hurt the law and what doesnt hurt the law. The big question is if technology fails and someone gets injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?

In result of this big idea these cars will not come out depending on the company. The first one would be from tesla that can drive 90 percent of the time with autopilot. Other car companies plan to have these types of cars around by the year of 2020. Everyday something new has been made or to the world. We get closer each and everyday to a destination of new product.    