The freedom to make a hot cup of coffee while writing a book report, or watch a television series while doing math, undoubtedly sparks feelings of content among students. Throughout the country, some schools have worked to make this a reality, offering students the option of 'distance learning', which is a means by which students can take classes from home through online or video conferencing. In the 21st century, technological development is playing an increasingly larger role in several aspects of society, including educational institutions. The question of how and to what extent these innovations should be integrated serves as a subject for debate. Distance learning should not be an option for all students as it does not induce the same motivation as does a classroom setting, it creates the possibility for students to take advantage of the freedom, and students would not be given the chance to develop certain social skills necessary for their success in the real world.

One's home is, oftentimes, an environment which establishes a sense of comfort. This setting, compared to a classroom, removes the aspect of healthy competition among students and inhibits a student's drive to accomplish tasks through peer-to-peer interactions. For example, to the student at home, his or her own grade is the highest, as it is the only point of comparison for him or her. However, at school, academic competition among peers allows for students to push themselves outside of their comfort zone, achieving their highest potentials. Additionally, the motivation of a student who takes classes from home is less than that of a student in a classroom as students at school are more exposed to the opportunities that other students have taken advantage of, such as sports and extracurriculars. This allows a student in school become motivated to simply engage in more activities and accomplish more in his or her fields of interest. The interaction that school promotes creates motivation among students and allows them to engage in healthy competition, while accomplishments more in their academic career.

Beyond this, distance learning allows for students to take advantage of their freedoms at home, which undeniably serve as a distraction to their academics. For example, at home, a student may be tempted to watch television, or take a nap as there is no teacher or administrator to effectively enforce certain rules and guidelines on the student. This situation makes a student's ability to stay on task extremely difficult, hence negatively impacting that student's success academically. However, if the student were taking classes at school, they are required, by the teacher, to focus on the lesson and complete tasks in a timely manner for their grade. Taking classes at home allows a student to procrastinate their assignments, with no tangible consequence. Because of this, distance learning allows students to take advantage of their freedoms at home, which, in the long run, has a unfavorable effect on that student's academic success.

Furthermore, taking classes at home hinders students' development of social skills, which are beneficial to the success of individuals in the real world. For example, students at school are frequently required to make presentations and connect with other students for group projects. At school, students can also ask their peers for help or advice on assignments. These opportunities at school sculpt a student's ability to develop imperative inter-personal skills, while promoting sociable behavior among students. Through distance learning, however, a student is not exposed to these situations; therefore, they are unable to make the same connections and develop these skills necessary for college or the real-life situations. Although supporters of distance learning may argue against this point by claiming that taking classes at home could be made a possibility for younger students in elementary school as they are generally not required to give presentations, this claim is unsupported as several important social skills are developed at a very young age, according to several studies regarding brain connections. Through distance learning, a student is unexposed to opportunities for developing integral social skills, which are necessary for his or her success in the future.

Distance learning, the concept of making at-home classes an option for students, is unsupported due to the fact that it does not promote the same motivation as a classroom, allows students to take advantage of their freedoms at home, and does not allow student's to develop their interpersonal skills. These factors would negatively influence a student's academic success, which is irrefutably counter-intuitive to the intended purpose of educational institutions. 