Why do we vote? We vote so we can choose a candidate that we can trust to make the best decisions for our country. But what's the point of voting if we have an Electoral College. We are not actually voting to ellect a president, we are voting for electors, who elect the president. The Elecotral College should be shut down, because everyone should have their right to vote for who they they want to vote for, not have electors do it for them.

"Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." This shows that more than half the voters, would rather just vote the president instead of having the Electoral College do it for them. "This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency." This means that the President who gets the most popular votes is less likely to win over the electors votes. It seems like the electors are never agreeing with people's votes because, usually the popular vote never wins. But the Electoral College should stay up for certain reasons.

"The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution." The Electoral College helps with a certain percentage of people who aren't giving the best decisions on the candidate they are choosing. But that still doesn't mean that people shouldn't have their right to vote for who they think is best candidate. It should be the people's decision on who they want to vote for, not the electors. There would be no reason to vote if the people's vote don't really mean anything.

People should have their right to vote for who they think is best. That is why people are given the right to vote. The Electoral College just takes that right away. Presidents who win because of electoral votes, are not fairly chosen because, not many voters agreed on him, the electors did. The candidate that won popular votes, should be President, because most people agree on him and his choices. Let the people's votes count toward presidency.                                                                 