The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents in the article "The Challenge Of Exploring Venus". The author presents this idea as the main idea of the passage because Venus is sometimes called the evening star. This point is the one of the brightest in the night sky this makes even easy to spot for amateur stargazers to spot. This statement is misleading because it is actually a part of our solar system second planet from our sun. This star is great from a distance but it is a very meaningful cloud draped world. This planet may be bright we have sent many human organized spacecrafts never survived more than a few hours. This gives a Venus a good persuit but it dangerous.

The reason for this danger inspite a good discovery is the thick atmosphere filled with 97% Carbon Dioxide blankets the most part of Venus. Clouds of sulfaric acid in the atmosphere which is highly corrosive. The author creates a great danger of being on this planet by giving us details on what is highly destructive in the planets atmosphere. Studying in Venus may be worth it for the data but very destructive and harmful to the human culture/nature. This creative image in my mind is giving me a wild estimate of how it is like to be on the planet Venus. The creation of Venus may be from the atmosphere crosion and that is why it is so important people from th human to participate in the visit of Venus.

I would say the conclusion of this article is the image that the author creates in my mind of the worthy persuit also the destruction it could cause because of the corrosive atmosphere. The author supports the main idea really well with the content and details in this article. He makes it really interesting to create an image so horrible but make it were you beleive that the human race should want to go there. This article explains and gives ideas that tell you that you would want to risk your life there but also it would be hard to go there because of all the critical things that are on Venus.