So, you have read the article Unmasking the Face on Mars, am i right? Well, I have some theories of my own, and I can assure you that Cydonia on mars, is not a face or anything extra-terrestrial.

My first reason as to why Cydonia on mars isnt a face is, well have you ever looked at the moon? Ever notice that when the moon if full, you see a face? Scientists in the past have been to the moon on investigations. While they were there they have proven that the face on the moon was just a bunch of craters. It is most likely that the face on mars is just creaters, or a mesa too.

My second reason is, things in outer space pictures are going to be a lot bigger than in reality. Take the sun for an example, we see the sun ten times smaller than it really is. If the sun was just as small as we presume it is, then how would planets, that are thousands of light years away, possibly get warm?

The final picture they took on April 5,1998, actually showed the Martain equivalent of a buttle or mesa. Buttles and mesas are landforms common around the American west. "It reminds me most of Middle Buttle in the Snake River Plain of Idaho" says Garvin. "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa, about the same hieght as the Face on Mars." The Snake River in Idaho is basically evidence that Cydonia isnt really a face and that is was just a buttle, or mesa.

My third and final reason is, that all planets start off as a big ball of rock, meteors, and astroids that collide with each other. The possiblities of a ball of rock, a planet, having left over craters from all of the collisions, is very high. If, somewhere way far out in space, or even just one planet away, wouldn't we have had a lot more pictures, videos, and newspaper articles about aliens?

This is only three theories backed with evidence, and I'm sure that if you talk to any other of these wonderful scientists at NASA, that they can also provide more reasons with more evidence. Thus, I really hope that these reasons help you clearify that Cydonia is not a sign of Extra-Terrestrial activity. 