Dear Senator,

The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The system has been around for milleniums from our founding fathers and the Constitution in the 1700s to present day America, it is critical that we update our system to a more realistic process where the citizens have more say in the leader we choose to lead us. I am in favor in abolishing the Electoral College becasue most of the power should be held in the hand of the citizens and the popular vote should have more regards than the vote in Congress. I am not in favor in keeping the Electoral College because under the college system, voters don't vote for the president but for a slate elector, who in turn "elect the president", the process is unfair to voters, and over 60 percent of voters would perfer a direct election rather than the kind we have now.

When people go out of thier way to vote, they vote because they want to have a say in their potentially future. They vote for who they believe would lead our society and modern day world in the right direction. They would like to think that one vote could make a difference in a election, but with the Electoral College voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than vote who they actulally want to be president. Under the Electoral College voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors, who in return elect the president. In reality the people are not voting for the president they are putting their trust in somebody they vote to vote for the person they have choose to lead. Democrats in Texas for example knowing their vote will have no effect in the election they become less interested in the campaign than they would if the president was choosen diectly by popular votes and that is unfair to the people.

The process is unfair to the people because of the "winner takes all" system in each state the canidates dont take time in states in which they know have no chances of gaining them any power, they stay in states that are more benefically to them. The canidates mostly focus on the tight races ocuring in the "swing states" in 2000 many states didnt even get to see the candiates because they were "little, irrlevent, and worthless" states. I'm sure many people in those sates such as South Carolina and Rhode Island had a lot of input to add in the 2000 campagin but because they were little minority states they werent focused on as much as the other larger staes. This is very unfair and judgementally to these states because the Electoral College is based on involuntary effects, the inhabitants of North Caiolina or Rhode Island cannot control where they choose to live, they might have to live in the certain geograpic location because of finaces or religous persecution. They may want to have a say in the election but cant because of their living arrangements.

Many might contradict that the Electoral College is benefical because it has more of a certain outcome but with that certainty comes many votes and state votes that were disregarded. The Electoral College is unfair in many different aspects we need to update our system of election, becasue like everything else in the world has an expiration date. Their is an expiration date on almost all of our food and beverages, an expiration date on salvery, an expiration date on our life, and so now we need an expiration date on the Electoral College.    