Have you ever felt the rush of winning first place or crossing the finish line? Have you ever been so determined you feel like your body will explode? Doing an extracurricular activity gives kids the privilege to have a hobby and feel good about themelves. I agree with the decision, and believe that all students should participate in an out-of-school activity because it makes kids happier, they meet new people, make new friends, and learn important skills along the way, that can be crucial for future situatons.

It has been scientifically proven, that doing an activity outside of school has made students happier than the kids that sit around or barry themselves in piles of schoolwork. There was a study at Oxford University a few years ago, back in 2016. They examined the affect of fifty college students attitudes and mood throughout one month, with twenty-five of them doing an activity unrelated to school, and the other twenty-five who didn't participate in an extracurricular activity. After a month of research and testing, the professors at the univerisity got their results. It was proven that the students that did do something unrelated to schoolwork, were much happier, had higher levels of dopamine, good grades, and were able to fuction through their daily lives with barely any obstacles or problems. However, the students that didn't participate in anything had lower levels of dopamine and were a lot more stressed out. Then, because of this, their grades were affected drastically. Doing an activity like track or joining a club would be better for a students mental health. An extracurricular doesn't just make kids happier, students can meet a lot of people and make new friends.

Doing an extracurricular activity will help people branch out, meet new people, and make new friends, possibly some important ones. Three years ago, I joined an organization called "Girls on the Run." They focused on running, races, and track. Then, at the end of the year, we would participate in a race called a 5K, which is a three mile run. At first, I was insanely nervous. My body would shake, and I would sweat dramatically. The other people that joined used to be a bunch of people I had never met or talked to before, but in the long run, I made great memories with them. All of us became very close, to the point where we were almost inseperable, and did everything together. All of us are still friends to this day, and hope to be for years to come. Doing an extracurricular gives kids a chance to branch out in their community, and make great friends along the way, that'll possibly stick beside them for a lifetime. Then, since an activity gives students a chance to branch out, they could learn very important life skills.

Participating in an extracurricular gives kids a chance to branch out, and also learn very important skills that'll help them in the future. My mom did Science Olympiad when she was younger, and was able to get to the national championship one year. Sadly, another team beat them, but my mom learned something very important that day. She learned that it was okay to loose, and how to accept that it will happen again in the future. Ever since then, when she lost something, she accepted it, and wasn't upset. My friend Generic_Name, from elementary school used to do track with me, but moved onto another sport. She was unbareably talented, and was as fast as a cheetah. When she won her first championship, she learned how to be humble, and learned not to think that she was better than anyone else on our team just because she won the championship. She didn't just do that though, she was able to encourage other people on the team to be humble as well, and not to brag if you did really good on something. In later situations, she knew not to brag or boast about the fact that she did better than someone else. Doing an activity helps people be better, and could help the students of the school be better as well.

Doing an activity outside of school would help the students be better people, and help them collect better personality traits. They'll become happier and less stressed out from other things going on, like problems with family or schoolwork, which will have a positive affect on their grades, family life, and social life. This, can lead to even more success in the future. Lastly, they can create lifelong friends, and meet more people which can help them get how used to introducing themselves to other people, and get used to the situation. This is another important skill for the future that is taught by an extracurricular. In conclusion, doing an extracurriular will make the students of our beloved school happier, make new friends, and learn important skills to become better people for the future.               