The electoral college system is better than the popular vote system because every citizen should have a say in who is running the country they are living in. Also, if not everyone has a say in who their president is there would probably be claims of discrimination towards the government for not letting those people vote. There would,as well, not be a standard that could be set that everyone agrees on because the people excluded would not accept it. Popular vote hasnt worked in the past and it wont work now either.

If we chose the popular vote system it would never work out because there would always be people,mostly the ones excluded from voting, that would disagree with the system in general and the standard set on who can or can't vote. For example,in colonial times only white men who owned land could vote and I am sure that the african americans and the women and even the white men who didn't own land were not too happy with that standard. Of course if we had the popular vote system today,the standard would definitely have to be changed but the people who are excluded wouldn't like the system at all.

In the electoral college system everyone who would like to gets a say in who is running their country and pretty much nobody has a problem with it. It is also much easier to count the vote's of 586 votes from the electoral college than like half a billion from cictizens in america. Another two reasons that the electoral colege system is better than the popular vote system.

In the colonial times there were slaves and only 1 out of every 4 votes from slaves counted and that was very discriminative but it was how it was back then but think,if we adopt the popular vote system, what would happen if only white and black people could vote or only white men. There would be udder chaos in America and there would be wrongful deaths and crimes. I would get mad too if i was put in a spot where i was not allowed to vote but some people would take it to the extreme and it probably wouldn't stop until the standard was amended.

In conclusion, the popular vote system is all around a bad idea and it would cause nothing but bad times. Keep the voting system the same because everyone seem's to like it so dont fix it if it's not broken. That is why we should not change or fix the voting system in America.    