Swimming in the ocean, getting a tan, boating, and fishing are all exciting activities for the summer; in contrast, a school project is not, especially one without clear instructions.

A school project that is completely student-designed is unfathomable for many Elementary, Middle, or High School students because of the stress it would create during a time of recovery.

Many teachers give summer assignments, but allow for students to do the work, that was required to be completed over the summer, during the school year.

Although projects with specific instructions by the teacher can be tedious, many could argue that coming up with a rubric for ones self would be of greater difficulty.

In the event that schools make summer projects mandatory, it is the responsibility of teachers to make sure students learn necessary information and achieve the goals of the project.

Teachers should design the summer project for students because no teacher wants to grade abstract projects and no student wants to strive for individuality when out of contact with classmates, for when students are on summer break many do not have the ability so see if they are doing the same project, accidentally, as others.

A psychology teacher conducts a final exam each year in the form of a project in which students choose a topic and are not given instructions besides to relate it to psychology; consequently, she has found this project to be a hassle more than an excitement for both her and some of her students.

The process of completing a project goes smoother when given rules to follow and, within those rules, allowing students to express themselves even more than that of a guideline-free project.

For anyone to learn about a topic through the creation of a project, there must be guidelines in order to research and learn the information needed for the class in which the project is for.

Clear instructions provide students with the information required to obtain a passing score and to also give information needed to pass classes of the next school year.

When completing homework or classwork in which students must research to learn what the next unit will entail allows students a chance to learn more than what is required and provides students the ability to learn even before the information is taught.

Many students would jump at the opportunity to get ahead on the information for the next school year and many may not enjoy the requirement, but appreciate the opportunity.

Giving clear instructions provides the structure to learn and get ahead before the race for grades begins.

A summer project in which the students are designing and planning does not insure they will continue to learn during their break, but instead assures teachers that students will attempt to make it as non complex and superficial for themselves as possible.

Providing students with the opportunity to design their project uniquely with no specifications needed enables them to be lazy in the creation of the project and miss critical information for the subject that the project is on.

Students come up with many ways to avoid in depth descriptions of a topic because of the lack of motivation to do so.

With clear instructions, students will be able to find the information the teacher wants and needs in order to grade the project, and the information needed to elaborate on this knowledge in the beginning of the school year.

Students want the ability to enjoy the summer and with the specific necessities for the summer project highlighted, they will not have the stress of creating a project from scratch.

Many people have found student-designed projects to be more time consuming, although less tedious, and will overall take away from the main purpose of summer vacation which is to recover from the stress induced during the school year.

It takes time to plan a student-designed project and many are not given the time needed because of family vacations and summer jobs to account for.

Summer assignments are difficult to complete no matter the type, but an all-encompassing, nonspecific project would be found a stressor many would not wish to endure.

To conclude, summer is a time for rejuvenation and recuperation; therefore, requiring an abstract project during this time is inadequate to the idea that many students are unable to complete such a task based on prior engagements, no structural support to aid in finding information needed, and upholding the sole purpose of summer.

Students do not want the stress of the school year carried over into the summer and neither do teachers, for students may find the need to contact teachers about what they can and cannot do if there is not a rubric they are able to follow.