Dear Senator,

"The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens"(Office of the Federal Register1). Thus, the Electoral College is a balance of votes that includes many different sources for which the President is elected. For this, the Electoral College should be retained due to its contribution to successful elections even though there are some instances which occur and to help the elections remain fair and equal. Additionally, this process should be continued, but there are certain aspects that would argue for changing the aged process.

In Richard Posner's, "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President," he incorporates in his defense, that the electoral votes are awarded in a winner-take-all basis, which means that the states play an important role in the deciding factor of who will become the next President. Posner explained theoretically, "In [2012's] election, for example, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 perecnt of the popular votes cast for him and Romney... even a slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state" (Posner 1). With this, this shows that the state votes are important and essential to the canidates who are trying to obtain electoral votes in the states. Thus, this method or process is successful in ways many people do not aknowledge. The citizen's votes do matter, when every aspect is put into a big picture and taken into account. Furthermore, the Electoral College alllows for everyone to have the chance to be apart of the elections. The Office of the Federal Register explains, "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress" (The Office of the Federal Register 1). This adds suppprt that at the end of the election, almost every part of an election including votes, is taken into consideration, thus making the election a sucessful one.

In The Office of the Federal Register's excerpt, "What Is The Electoral College," there is certain reasons that further divulge how the Electoral College is fair and equal to the canidates and the citizens who are voting. This is reliterated when The Office of the Federal Register statees, " Your state's entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional Delegation: one for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators...(Office of the Federal Register 1). In addition this means that each state will receive an opportunity to have a meaningful vote to the elections because every state has the same kinds of members being awareded to them. Each state will have a different number of members due to the size, but they will all be of equal value to the canidates. To add for support, Posner says, "No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president"(Posner 1). With this, all the states understand that their vote is crucial to the election and the canidates. Fortunately, the Electoral College is fair and equal to all the state's voting in the election, sometimes even more than some states know. For example, Posner states, " Voters in toss up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign-to really listen tp the competing candidates-knowing that they are going to decide the election"(Posner 1).  Ultimately, the Electoral College is the most fair way to decide and vote for a future president who will be our leader of all the citizens.

Lastly, the Electoral College is the best way to determine a president, but there are some flaws. For example, Plumer explains, "... Thanks to the quirks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but list the presidency over 60 percent of the voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now" (Plumer 1). The elecotral college could alter the outcome of an election dramtically. Another issue that Plumer wants people to know is that, " Under the electoral collge sysytem, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors..." (Plumerr 1). This is true but also could be a little dramatic. Ultimately, the citizens are the ones who are voting for the candidates not the electors. Without the vote from the citizens there would be no electors. The Electoral College process should still be kept even though there are some issues.

In conclusion, the Electoral College is very important to our modern day elections. The citizens and the states determine who the next Presidents will be. The process provides successful elecions which are fair and equal to not only the people, but the states. Posner states, "Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a poltiacl preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election" (Posner 1). The Electoral College makes sure that every person and state vote is accounted for and will be contributed to who the next President will be. One day maybe there will be a process that will exceed the Electral College, but for now, we will trust our founding fathers and keep the process that has been with us since the start.                                                                             