Once, there was a woman named Generic_Name who was tasked with budgeting her family's money and spending it in the best way. She needed to decide whether to stay home during Spring break and spend a little more on food and eating out more often, or she could go on a vacation and use less money on dining out. There is no bad decision here, she thinks, but the vacation that her family wants is very expensive so budgeting would be harder. She asks her friend, Generic_Name, who just took a family vacation, about whether she should take out money to spend on this lavish vacation. She decides, based on Generic_Name's opinion and based on her own, that she should allot funds to this vacation that the family wants over Spring break, and eat out less often. She found later that she made the poorer of the two decisions. Did you know that many people around the world receive advice every day, and learn that the advice they received was incorrect. Those people deeply regret their decision that they made earlier that was incorrect. Seeking multiple opinions when you are making a decision helps you make a better choice because it allows you more views of a topic, it gives you a higher chance of having correct advice, and it is mathematically easier to make a decision with multiple opinions.

When you seek multiple opinions, it gives you more views of your decision to be made by allowing you to see both sides, takes into account minor issues and discrepancies, and it gives you a better selection of viewpoints and opinions. As you seek multiple opinions, you can see different sides of the issue that you maybe didn't know about. While this happens, you can find minor issues in your argument or point of view. These issues can be easily resolved before you make the decision, but after the decision happens, it is final and cannot be changed. By asking many people their ideas, you can get a better selection of viewpoints and opinions, just like in a research project, where you want to get information from multiple sources, not just ones that you agree with. When you combine all three of these reasons, you can find the better outcome that there is to be chosen from in your decision that you are making. Furthermore, with these multiple views, you will most likely get correct advice.

When you are seeking advice you will have a higher chance of finding the correct decision because getting multiple options can make finding the general consensus easier, it can help you in finding poor decisions, and it gives you past decisions to see what happened and what might happen to you. When you know several opinions, you have a better understanding of how others feel about the issue and can reach a general consensus, what the majority of people think, about the topic that you are deciding upon, which can make the correct advice easier to find. By seeking multiple opinions, you can find which ones are poor choices and which ones are ingenious ideas and doing this can make finding correct advice easier. If you seek multiple opinions, you may find out that others have had to make the same decision and had a positive outcome who'se decision you may want to follow. You also may find people who have made bad choices that you would not want to follow. By doing these three things, you increase your chances of finding correct information in the advice that others give you. If you get correct advice by asking multiple people, or if you don't ask anyone and make the wrong choice, you would be on trend mathematically with how many people you talk to, and your result.

There is a mathematical trend that is if you talk to less people about a decision to be made, you will more likely make a poor one, but if you get a general consensus, you should be able to make the correct decision. For many decisions, you don't need advice of your peers, but some do, and it is best for those that you get more than one opinion. Studies have shown, that the more sources you have, the more likely you are to make a correct decision, and likewise, the less sources you have, the weaker your decision will be. When you have more people's opinions, you have a higher chance of finding the general consensus and making the correct decision. By mathematics and by logic, you should be able to find correct advice if you have more opinions and beliefs.

Generic_Name found out much later that she made the wrong decision about the Spring break vacation. While her family was on vacation, she learned that there was a Martian Flu outbreak at her office and she will not be able to work along with her husband, who was recently fired.

When Generic_Name made the decision, she should have known that many of her coworkers had Martian Flu and that it was starting to spread when she planned the vacation. She lost two paychecks and they had to live on savings for a few months until they ran out of savings. Generic_Name's husband got a loan from the bank and they barely had enough food to survive, but Generic_Name learned her lesson. This lesson was when making a major decision, you should seek multiple opinions before you make the final decision. When people make a decision, they sometimes don't get a second or third opinion, and they make a poor choice. If only these people were able to make a better decision and be given more. Had they asked more people for advice, they would be able to see that they were wrong and that the other people were correct. In order to make a correct decision, you need to seek advice and this helps you by giving you more points of view, gives you a higher chance of finding correct advice, and puts math on your side. So next time you need advice, ask multiple people their decision, this will drastically improve the outcome of your decision.