Cars are most the most used machine for transportation in modern day. Cars help us travel places faster then bikes, walking, running, etc. But did you know that cars are also helpful for spewing toxic chemicals in the air. People are unaware that the cars are destroying the oxygen that we have here on earth and produce oxygen into smog. To reduce the pollution of the chemicals that cars make is to simply show citizens the advantages of limiting car usages.

To begin with, From the sources that I have gathered and used for data is that one of my sources said in its article that stated "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." Paris is banning people for using any automobiles beacuse the pollution is over the limit of what it needs to be. People are paying the price for using too much cars, at the same time that have chemicals that pollute the air. In addition to, from my source it stated that "exceptions were made for plug-in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying 3 or more passengers." people in Paris are starting to make changes beacuse of the smog, and are doing this until the smog levels are reduced. People might be late for work and other jobs that they have to do while people are complaining these expectations are need to be met until the goverment says its ok.

To add on,From the source "In German suburbs, Life Goes On Without Cars" the article stated that "Increasing number of private cars owned by the burgeoning middle class are choking cities."

The private cars that are increasing with numbers and chemicals are are owned by the middle class people that leave nothing but pollution in their cities. The people in the middle class are more exsposed to smog and they need to use less of the private cars in order to reduce pollution in the cities  also need to reduce the amount of cars on their street and increase the amount of passengers in their cars. Another reason for limiting the car usage is " united stat and elsewhere to separate suburban life from auto use." they are stating that they dont need cars to go where the need to go because they can use other things. They also are saying that they're not contributing toward the pollution.

In conclusion to people limiting their car usage is that it helps the earths atmosphere it can also destroy your oxygen supply, but it can get you places faster than any other mobile.                        