Just as crisp Autumn air rolling just around the corner and summer is coming to a bitter sweet ending. Then OH NO!

You completely forgot about that pesky summer assignment your teacher gave you. You were supposed to read one book every week and write an analysis. This is what its like for every student young or old when given a summer assignment. That is why summer projects and assignments should be student designed as it gives students the opportunity to create something they will enjoy and held accountable for as well as giving teachers a break.

The projects given to students over the summer are nine times out of ten busy work. A very large assignment most of the time having to do with reading and then writing about how you feel about that particular topic assigned. When a student is given busy work there is no real learning happening. If students create their own projects this very issue can be avoided as they can change and adapt their project so they are genuinely learning. Another reason student should be allowed to design their own summer assignments is because it will give them the opportunity to create something fun, quick and easy and that still assures students are learning during their break. Students don't regularly get a lot of liberties when it comes to their projects. Letting students creating their own assignments will help students feel in charge and create something they will enjoy doing. Furthermore It will also help students learn in their own way as not everyone is the same. Student designed summer projects will make students feel in control of their learning and create a project fit for them and their learning style whatever that may be.

When students are given the option to create their own summer project it makes it much easier for the student to be held accountable. Students know how much work they are able to do as well as the skill level required for their project. When students create their own projects its always going to be able something they enjoy, making it easier for them to do the project and be held accountable for it. Students are also able to create their own project knowing they are being graded not on the standard for everyone else but the standard for themselves. This takes a lot of pressure off of students as they feel like they will be graded fairly as long as long as they do as much as they are capable of doing and do it well. If the student does not complete the project for whatever reason it is much easier for them to be held accountable for it, as excuses like "I didnt understand" or "It was to hard for me" will become invalid because they are the ones who create the project. Thus making it clear that student designed projects will benefit everyone and insure work is being down.

Some people who believe that teachers should design summer project may argue that because they are the ones that create student assignments and projects for students on a day to day basis they would be able to create a project more efficiently in comparison to a student.

Although what people with these beliefs fail to realize is that teachers are humans too and they get tired. Teachers wait for the summer to come just as much as students and to have them create an entirely new project towards the end of the year can be very tiring after having a year full of creating assignments. When the students create their own summer project it allows for teachers to be able to relax and take some weight off their shoulders as the day until summer slowing come. Another argument that could be made as to why teachers should make summer projects is that teachers will create projects tailored for the student as they work with them the whole year but this is in fact wrong. Teachers are one person and are not able to create strong bonds with every students they come across. Typically the project given is one standard made to fit everyone but thats not possible as everyone is not the same. This is why students should be allowed to create their own summer projects.

All in all student should be given the opportunity to create their own summer projects. This because students will create something they enjoy and will do. It will also give teachers with one less project to make. After all why take the hard way when allowing the students to design the project themselves can be just efficient with less work for both students and teachers. That is exactly why students should be allowed to create their own summer projects. At the end of the day everyone just wants to enjoy their summer the best way possible. 