Summer projects should be teacher designed and not student designed. When designing a project over the summer, a teacher's design will be more structured, with a clear goal for the overall project. Also, with teacher's knowing what skills and materiel students need to learn, they will be able to design a proper and well throughout project that will keep the students on their feet. Lastly, when it comes to summer, the last thing on a students mind is school based learning. So, lots of students will either procrastinate or create a poorly designed project leading to no continuation of learning over the break .

Therefore, summer projects should be teacher-designed and not student.

A teacher is someone who has learned the ins and outs of school based learning, who went to college and received a teaching degree, and has a specialized learning in usually one or more subjects. So when it comes to designing a summer project that's goal is to continue a student's learning during the summer, a teacher is obviously the best fit for the job. For example, if a student who already knows the basics of mechanical engineering and creates a pulley system almost identical to what they did in school, they aren't really learning anything. However, if a teacher who already knows what the student has learned designs a project adding on to what they knew, like creating a vehicle or machine using a pulley system, that would force the student to uses previous knowledge to figure out how to learn something knew.

Since teachers already know what students have learned,they can create a project that will insure further student learning.

Summer for students resembles a break from school. Whether that means traveling to the Bahamas or staying home, a student does not want even the slightest thought of school in their mind. So, if students were given the privilege to design their own projects, chances are they will take the easy way out and design something they already know or even better, procrastinate ,

ending with a rushed and poorly made project. Also studies show that young children and teens have wondering minds making simple decisions harder and causing them to become easily distracted. But, with the guidance of a teacher, students won't have to go through the pain of figuring out their topic and design. A teacher's design will have clear instructions and will prompt further learning. Additionally, teachers will be able to compare students projects allowing an easier grading process and better knowledge of the student's brain.

Some might say that student-designed projects allow a more personalized and creative component. Additionally, students will be able to design a project they enjoy learning. This is true, but not just for student designed projects. Like students, teachers can design different types or styles of projects allowing all types of learning for the student. For example, a teacher can design a project for mechanical engineering, biology, political sciences, Algebra 2, or more, allowing multiple choices for the student to choose. Also no matter what project design a student receives, the topics will be broad, giving space for creative thinking. The teacher-designed projects won't just give students space for creative opportunities but also flexibility with their decision.

When it comes to summer projects, teachers should be the ones designing them. They are specialist in learning and know what further steps students need to take to learn. With the teachers clear design instructions and guidance, it will make summer learning much easier and efficient. Teacher designed projects aren't just helpful for students but teachers as well. When grading or examining the projects, that they designed, it will be easier for them to grade and compare to other students. So when in comes to whether summer projects should be either student-designed or teacher designed, teacher-designed is the way to go and will assure a continuation of learning during the summer break.                