Dear senator, I believe the Electoral College System is wrong.

In source number 2, Bradford Plumer states, "Under the electoral college system, voters vote for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president.". In other words, your vote is basically in the hands of someone else, and hopefully they vote for who you want what's even worse is electors are picked on at state conventions, sometimes state party's central committee, or even sometimes the presidental candidates, so you, the citizens don't get to pick the elector. Voters can not always control who their electors vote for and voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candiate.

Moreover, in source number 2, Bradford Plumer states, "The single best arguement against the electoral college is what we might call the diaster factor... state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people...electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please.". Furthermore, this shows how the citizens of the United States of America really don't have a direct, liberal,voting system to choose who they want to won the election because at anypoint the electors can just go against what the citizens want and vote for who they please.

Lastly, Plumer states, "the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each states, candidates don't spend time in each state because they know they hvae no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states.". Basically,this is saying that small states don't get to see campaigns or any of that because they're small states so they don't evem get a visit from the elector.

Overall, The electoral college is unfair, outdated and irrational. We should all have the right to vote for who we want directly and not have to go through electors which there is a very high chance they might change their minds and vote for the other party.                            