when you drive on the road and all of sudden you see a yard sale or a car for sale or anything your thinking first well let me just stop and park on the side of the road. well one thing is one you might ge ticket or in genral areas its just frobiden, but your thinking what can i do?,well when you get yuor first car maybe your thinking i can drive however i want and also where i want then on other hand you just dont care, break the rules.

To begin with in some countrys or states or anywhere in the united states some counrtys ban from alot of things when you drive. for example Paris bans driving due to smog,also if leave you car in the way of the road you fine anywhere you go in life, so you have to think before drive or do other things while your driving. Citizens use diesel fuel when they drive, some people have to,for example france they have tax policy on diesel over gasoline ,but the most percent that citizens use is diesel engines. citizens changes of different usage of things between gas and companies, but they have avantages for them and to make the better so it can be used.

Their is  place called Bogota and there they have a car free day, but has beed the third year they have been banned with buses and taxis permitted for a day without a car. to begin with alot of places have banned without cars but some have not, for example to banned without a car would not be good because if have a car and cant drive it because the city is banned or the country is banned from then the bus abnd taxi and everything else is banned then your permmtted withour a car to drive,ride. people come Bogota come to see how enthusiastic they have been ,now they improvement without cars,which sounds good becasuse the mayor improving something new for them or just changing things around. now new things are starting to come in sidewalks are being replaced,they have cut traffic, new restaurants,so with everything improving then maybe cars wont banned no more restriced things maybe everything might be limting to what the mayor is saying.

Now that president Obama has been seeing whats been going on about the banning of the cars and no limiting usage, things are now starting even more with the president in the advantage,now the question is that their asking is ''has America passed peak driving" to me on ther hand it has, becasue all the commtions between things being banned and they see the usage of things, but now everything is starting to change. now people are starting to get what is their back now the ownership of their house and their payments of everything is going down. to conclude, all of the study from last year about the driving of young people has decreased by so much percent . now since everything is back to normal then things don't have to be bannned alot anymore so if they can keep the percentage down then evrything is good, if it does go down they can get usage, now they can save time improve their life they are living.                             