In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify humans emotions to see humans' reactions while they are using their computers. Computers can recognize emotions by the way you look, and it is allow to the computers to understand your feelings, and to change the topic because they used this technology to see Mona Lisa's emotions. "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model on the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." When technology developed they started their project with a 3-D computer.

A claim for the value of using this technology to read students' emotional expressions are that the computer can detected the emotions of the student because it has a "Web ad appears" on the screen of the student's computer, and it can see his/her different emotions by the way their faces are.

According to the text in paragraph 6 Dr. Huang explains how the computer might work if the student doesn't like what he/she has in the computer and it says "A classrom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. So computers can understand that, too." It means that technology has developed, Dr. Paul Eckman and Dr. Huang created the FACS to see humans emotions, it has six basic as: happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. The Doctors are showing that the new computers can see what it is in your mind because they improved the technology.

My conclusion is that the "Facial Action Coding System" is a good appications for a variety of industries because it is able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they try to hide their emotions. The new technology has "Empathy because it can feels someone else's emotions and can handle the complex algorithms. 