Yes, I believe that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit also. In paragraph 4, it states "astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar sytem." It was once covered with large oceans. Venus has features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. If Earth was to end Venus would possibly be our best choice to go to.

Venus is referred to as Earth's "twin." Venus has the density and size closest to Earth. In paragraph 8, is states " Venus has value." Only because the insight we have so far on Venus is unbelievable. Studying more on this planet may lead us to many equally intimidating endeavors.

There are also many more things we need to study about Venus, that may not be so safe. Venus is the second planet to our sun, which may be too hot for humans to be on. This planet is a very challenging place to examine. Each mission that was sent to Venus no spacecraft has survived more than a few hours. In paragraph 2, it states "not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." Not one person have been missioned to go to Venus for those reasons.

In paragraph 3, it states "temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit." Also in paragraph 3, is saids "the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." These issues are way too dangerous for humans to be on. Solar power could be plentiful but the raditation would not exceed Earth levels. This may still be survival for humans.

In paragraph 6, it states "researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance." Like I have said no human has been on Venus because they will die right away. But, they believe they can make a machince that last long enough to live to take those samples. They would have to make that machine with mechanical parts so that it can be more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. In paragraph 8, it states " Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." I believe they will and can studying farther than they have in the past years. 