Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Many of these summer projects are required for honors classes, such as AP or classes that are in preparation for them. Some think that summer assignments should be designed by teachers. Others think that students would benefit more if it were designed by the students themselves. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because of students' lack of motivation, students having inadequate knowledge of content, and the difficulty of coming to agreements.

Students often have a hard time finding motivation, even during the school year. They tend to procrastinate a lot, especially during the summer. Students may go on summer vacation or have plans with friends; whatever the reason may be, many do not think of summer assignments as a priority. Teachers also have summer break, which many people tend to forget. If summer assignments were student-designed, teachers would most likely have to do routine progress checks, because of the lack of motivation shown by students. This would be inconvenient for both the teacher and the student. Although summer assignments are not necessarily a main priority, they are still vital for the upcoming school year, especially if a student is taking an honors class.

Direction of content is almost, if not always, provided by the teacher. Teachers plan summer assignments ahead or use ones from previous years; however, they typically do not plan out the syllabus for the upcoming school year before summer break, mainly because it is too early and many adjustments can be made. Students do not have the best of their ability to create assignments if they do not have a complex understanding of the content, even if it is provided. Teachers also have summer break, making it more difficult for them to respond to questions. More questions would be asked by students because of either uncertainty from the assignment, or in general not knowing what to do. Although teachers receive questions regardless, questions would be asked less if it were teacher-designed; their goal is to prevent as many questions as possible, making the assignment clear and easy to understand. It is much more difficult for students, not only because of their inadequate understanding, but also since they do not have any experience in teaching.

Some students would be opposed to ideas while others may support them. Students would disagree on what and what should not be assigned. It must be taken into consideration that students would have varying opinions, considering what classes they are taking and/or will be; some may think that an assignment is asking for too much, while others may think it is asking for too little. Although allowing students to create their assignments would most likely be more enjoyable for them, there is a higher chance it would make them less prepared for the course. Students would struggle to maintain responsibility towards the assignment. If questions were to be asked, they would have to go to whomever created the assignment, whether it was an individual or a group; questions asked on content would have to go to the teacher or referred to an outside source, defeating the main purpose of student-designed assignments being easier. Adjustments could be made, whether or not they are official; lack of effective communication is likely, which would cause confusion between students.

As there are many benefits to having student-designed summer assignments, they are less reliable than if the assignment were to be teacher-designed. Teachers have a better understanding of the content, are well-prepared, and can answer questions easily. Although students may find it less enjoyable, they are incapable of producing an assignment that would help them be the most prepared for the course. Students' lack of motivation, inadequate knowledge of content, and difficulty of coming to agreements all make it unfeasible.    