Online classes have been around for some time now, in fact only some schools offer this learning option by taking certain classes online or video conferencing. Online schools can be taken because of different situations; such as, being home schooled or having to retake classes. There are reasoning behind this idea of online education that could help students in different kind of ways that i'll be writing about. How can online education benefit students from taking online classes from home?

Although most schools have normal education such as regular classes at school, other schools have something else in mind. Other schools have online classes that students are able to attend. I think the reasoning behind these online classes are because some students may have it difficult at school. The majority of kids that are home schooled or take online classes are because of what goes on around them at school. Kids may not feel comfortable, not being able to get along with the people around them, and having trouble learning. Kids may find online classes a better way of education by concentrating and focusing more, rather than being distracted by other things around them at school such as kids disturbing them and the drama that goes on between students. Also, some kids, including me, may not feel safe at school because of the things that have been happening to other schools like school shootings. School shootings have happened a lot around the world, because of situations like that, it leads students to not feel safe at school. Another reason a student may not feel safe at this school is because the way the school handles certain situations. Like every other school, there are drills, like lock down drills or fire drills. Some students may not want to go through real life drills and they fear a real one could happen.

Coming from a student , I support online classes. I support online classes because from my point of view it could be a solution to a lot of things to what goes on during school. A few other reasons why students take online classes are because a student could be getting bullied. In some cases this is true, a student may not be getting the best education at a regular school because they're too scared to even go to school. At times, parents end up taking matters into their own hands by protecting their child from bullying and finding a solution like online classes. Another example on why kids may be taking online classes are because of what goes on in their life. Kids my age on social media that are influences are busy with the media . They create content or focus on other things in life that may not fit with a full schedule class at school so they choose to take online classes that way they learn on their own time and have time to work on their social media life. Lastly, failing a class. In some situations, students end up failing a class or classes and end up having to retake these classes online. Also, online classes is a great idea because it could help prepare students for college. Some students in college take online classes and do most of their work online, which will help the students that are still in school get prepared for college.

Overall, I dont see why online classes would be an issue; as long as you're learning and getting the same education as you would be getting at a regular school then everything should be alright. Although online classes is a topic that should be discussed between parents and the school, students should have a say in it as well because after all, it is apart of their education. My thoughts on this is that all schools should give a chance to have online classes because as i said, some kids may end up liking this way of education and learn better! I'm glad other schools have given the opportunity to let students experience different kinds of education. Yes, online classes may not work for everyone but in my opinion it is not wrong to take these online classes as long as the student is getting the education they need. I hope other schools get inspired by these online classes and give students a chance to try it out, because after all, a students education is what's most important. 