Dear State Senator,

"The American people should consider themselves lucky..." "What is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer, and "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our depised method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Posher, these 3 passages were compared about electoral votes. Which one to for the people would choose, either in favor of keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular votes for the U.S. president? Answer: You should be able to keep the Electoral College so every person has their right in voting and it would be equal equal.

Whether the people don't care about who's gonna get it or not going to, it would still be better off voting and trying to get that person elected. "..the electoral college is unfair to voters." All the people want is to be equal and have their rights and in order for them to have rights. Instead, of Congress going with just the populars, they should be able to count up all the people's voting choices and let it decide like that. "The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe." If the higher people in the Presidency don't take charge soon enough every electoral poll booth we have will turn into a big mess with horrible, unexpected things coming.

If all things were possible, do you really think this world would be having these arguments or 'hard choices'. "A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes is an even number." Does that mean we should go with the popular votes if it's a tie? Yes, well if it's an even number it happens rarely enough where you don't see it often. "Voters are the people who want to express rather than people who think a single vote will decide." The people eho think one vote will decide more than the other's is wrong because what if that person had expressed their vote and the other choice would've won.

"The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational." Not everything you do will be fair in life. Other words, yes give your opinion and hope that you'll be heard and it will help.    