Why do people ask multiple other people for advice. People who seek multiple answers is to get a different perspective with each and every answer. Getting more than one advice can help you make a good choice. It's good when you get advice from people who is going through what your going through and getting their opinion.

Getting advice from multiple people can help you get a different perspective it is helpful because it will make you see your problem in a different way. It gives you reasons why you should do something and why you shouldn't something. It gives the person who is asking for advice two options. Let's say you broke your moms TV remote and you don't know how to tell your her so you ask a friend what would they do if they were you. Your friend gives you their feedback and you still aren't sure if that was good advice so you ask some other friends and they tell you what they think you should do and you come to your answer. Asking multiple people on a problem will help you in many ways because they can give you a reason why you should do something and give you their feedback and they try to help you.

Talking to different people who has went through the same or they are going through what your going through they can give you advice like what not to do and what you should do. By getting that advice it will make think of a solution. If that person that gave you advice because they know what would happen if you do the wrong mistake they would probably want you to do the right thing and they would encourage you to make the right decision. Here an example let's say that you said something rude to your friend, Generic_Name, and now they are really upset with you and won't talk to you. So you ask your other friend,Generic_Name,what you should do because she also went through the same thing but she did the wrong thing and lost her friend so you ask her what you should do and she tells what she what she would have done and you take her advice and you got your friend back. Talking to people who know what your going through is really important mostly when you don't know what to do.

Getting multiple different types of advice will help make a better choice by giving you different options to choose from. By getting other peoples advice and have an option you can decide on. You pick the advice that would best benefit you and help you. Seeing what would other people would do if they were in the same boat as you and how they would take care of it will make you want to make the right one. I think it's a good thing that people ask more than one person for advice because I like to the answer a problem that I feel the most comfortable with and that I know won't get me in trouble. I feel like asking multiple people for advice is great because you trying to fix a problem and you are thinking about solutions and getting more than one way to go about it. You also see how others would act in a problem so I think getting multiple advice is important.