In my personal opinion when some schools offer distance learning as an option for student to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing I mostly disagree. Its not because I am attending a public high school. There are reasons why I mostly disagree about this situation.

One of the reasons why I disagree is because this might hurt the students communication skills.

when you have classes online you are not at the school you are home taking this class so you basically don't associate with anyone except your teacher now since i have never took a online class i wouldn't be able to tell if its better to not know no one or to associate with anyone but personally I just dont't thing it's good for students to attend online school if you are someone that like to work with people and not just your teacher. Other students also might be able to understand some stuff that you don't understand and that they should be able to help you. They won't be able to help you if you not there with them.

The second reason why I disagree and I really don't think that online schools is not beneficial is that it hurts your participation skills too. Here in school we do so much activities connected to things we are learning and it helps very much because if you do activities connected to the things we are learning it gets stuck in your mind. Its also better to ask questions and to understand better. There might be some stuff that you didn't understand face to face with your teacher its better to ask them like that and understand like that instead of emailing them or contacting them through different thing.

Also the teacher might not respond as soon as possible and that might be a problem and affect your grade and thats why its better to talk to your teacher face to face and deal with understanding face to face that's my second opinion.

My last and final reason is that you might get lazy and miss classes since you take it at your home . That might affect your grade too which is very risky if you're not a productive and committed person to your education online class is not for you. For example me personally it will not be good for me because I am a very lazy person i am pretty sure I will miss classes either by sleeping in or some other unexeptalbe reasons . But also there are people that are very organized and careful people out here that can risk this for those kind of people online classes are good and they can take it because thy are committed to Finnish there education in a very careful way.

Those are my good reason why i don't agree with online classes it's a good thing that schools offer distance learning as an option for students if you have a good reason why you don't actually go to the school but personally i dont agree with this situation.                                            