Mr:Senator I am in favor of keeping the election by popular vote for the president of the United States. I think our country deserve the right to elect our president the person thats going to make the laws and better things for us. Some of the people yet can't  vote but they watch the interviews the campains you make. What you are preparing for us for the future for our childrens parents and animals. For every single thing and we judge you the way we think is supposed to be we want our country to be better to be the best . We dont want some people we dont even know how they think to select something for us .Alright maybe sometimes we make wrong elections but we all humans and if we make the wrong decition later we can't judge you because we elect our president our ''saver''. Electoral collage is not a bad option but Im in favor of voting by popular vote for the president of the United State . Voting is a privilage we have it let us use it . Let us pick and make our mistake . Try to tell us by the campians congresist let us know you. The way you think so we can be sure in what hands our putting our futures our sons and daughters future. The electoral collage constists in 538 electors. A majoritiy of 270 electoral votes is requiered to elect the President. The presidential election is held every four years on Tusday  after Monday in Novemeber. New year isn't a new life . The elections is new taxes , new laws, new benefits. Thats a new life .When you vote for a president you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors. Democrats and Repunblicans they all had have ups and downs . But they still make their elections. Being in favor of election by popular vote give us the people the right to decide . The right to choose something good our bad  the right to know what we need and want from the new President. If we choose by popular vote is that more people want somebody because that somebody offers something better. Because everyone or allmost everyone is confident about that man. About what his offering us . Elecitng our president by popular vote ill be a great idea . You will make the people happy. And you are giving us the place as citizens of the United States that we deserved. These is the greates country, this is the best country  in the hall world everyone want to come here because of the equal rights you give us. Because the liberty of expretion. Thats a previlage . Aren't we allow to use it to the the maximun . This is a free country and we had to fight hard for that our ansesters. Electing our President of the Unirted States by popular vote is the best they could do . Im in favor of it and that's my opinion.         