Some schools require students to complete summer projects to guarantee that students will continue to learn during their summer break. It is essential that students keep learning even though they are taking a break from school, but these summer projects should be teacher-designed. Why should a students not be allowed to choose a project of their liking? Well, the student's teacher will know what that person needs to work on. If a student were to choose what they would like their project to be about, they could probably decide to work on something that does not require much effort; therefore, it would be best if a professional particularly assigned a certain topic to help his or her pupil designated to help them grow and become more efficient in their academic life. However, if the student believes that there is a specific topic they believe they need to practice more than the teacher should consider to make an exemption.

Students would certainly benefit if they were given homework over summer. This action would ensure that the student will be ready to tackle classroom assignments once they are back to school. Not only that but it would also let the student perfect their skills and be prepared in class. These projects designated to students will surely boost the alumni's knowledge and confidence on that specific topic. Therefore, the student will not struggle as much as they would have without the extra help.

In addition, if teachers assign students particular homework designed to help their alumni be more efficient in class, it is undeniable that their student's classroom performance will have a positive effect in their academic life. The teacher ,being a professional, will have more understanding of what their student needs to work on. He or she can personalize the project to better help the student understand and learn about their assignment. The extra help given to the alumni will have positive results and they could use their knowledge acquired by the project on other classes, or these young adults can use this information outside of school to help them handle outside of school life situations. If trained professionals give students homework during summer break, then those students will be able to see how this extra work helped them master skills when school opens again.

Students should not be given the privilege to choose their own project assignments. Some students would pick easy topics that would not require them to put much effort, this will deeply harm the student academically. Instead of working hard to perfect an area in which the student struggles, they would rather choose something that is easy and would get done quickly. This is why it is better if teachers gave students their assignments. However, it can not be guaranteed that the students will learn or understand the homework assignment. For that reason could be that maybe the student is not ready to take on that particular topic. Without a doubt, it is known that not all students learn the same way and not all understand what they have learned. Everybody learns at their own pace and in their own way. If the student believes that the designated work is too hard, or maybe too easy, then they should talk to their teacher and suggest a different topic. Also, if the students thinks that there is another area they need to practice more, they should ask their teacher to consider their request.

Schools that require students to continue learning during the summer will see positive results in students academic lives. Designated work from teachers will greatly help alumni master and perfect classroom skills. Not to mention, students will acquire more knowledge on these areas with the extra help that was provided. If the teacher knows what their students need to work more on, those students will soon be ready to take on anything once school is in cession again. If students were given the liberty to pick their projects, would the students actually learn from it? What happens if the student chooses an easy project, when they could have been working on some other topic that they know they have trouble with? This will certainly not be a good idea. As professionals, teachers know what is best for their students if they have been observing their classroom performance. However, Many teachers sometimes overlook a few things in which student have trouble with. When this happens the student should take a step forward and let their teacher know what it is they think they need to work. This way the teacher can look back and verify is this person does need to practice more in the areas that they may be struggling.