Choosing weather we should keep the electorial college or start voting by popular vote well some may say its a tough choice and others may say that its an easy one. But after awhile and you take some time to think about it, you come to your sences and see that well maybe it is a simple question. The question is does the electorial college work? the electorial college does not work because people dont always know what they're voting for, also they might not even be really taking our votes,finally they are also unfair to the voters.

To begin, the electorial college isnt good for the people because they dont always know what there voting for for example. In the second article it states that

"sometimes voters get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate".

Now that's a problem dont you think! most voters just go with the flow and pick who they're friends pick or they just go out and choose the first person they think is good, And because of that people dont really care about who they pick, Which is a bad thing because they might choose someone who wants to kill off half of the human race. Every one should know who they are voting for and why there voting for that person, because if not then they should just use the popular vote process.

Furthermore, we should use the popular vote process becasuse who really knows what there doing with our votes they could be throwing them away and not taking our votes. behind closed doors they could just be choosing who they want to become president. statistics show that out of 100 people 80 voted and the other 20% didn't vote at all so why does the talley say that 90% voted in the state of oklahoma when only 80% voted. now think about it they use all these out rageous numbers trying to make the person but only come to find out they're just adding on numbers making whoever they want to become president. Many people dont pay attention to the talleys and results but if you put it all together then you would see what im saying. and yes, many people would say that the electorial college is great and that they arnt doing anything fishy well if you think about if and understand the voters and see how many dont vote and how many do vote you would also see that something isnt right with these numbers. But onthe other hand if you had used the popular vote process no one would have these problems.

Finally,the electorial college is unfair to voters,in the second story it states that

"the best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality.

and the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best".

mostly voters should have the right to know and undrstand everything that goes on while there voting they should be aware of the candidates all of the people behind the candidates such as the extra democratics and republicans that stands behind that certain candidate. never the less I believe thatthe popular vote process is a great idea and that we should stand as one ans abolish the electorial college.

In Conclusion, the electorial college isnt good and we shopuld abolish then and replace it with the popular vote process nothings better than knowing who your voting for and why. But really think about it does the electorial college really work?    