It is the morning after the election, the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and you are joyful as can be, Why?  Last night's vote showed that your president that you wanted to win was going to be the next President of the United States of America.  You go to your laptop, open the screen, and there, in bold letters it says that the candidate you did not want to win was sitting there in the Oval Office.  You are in shock. Your friends call you and ask you what happened. Did something go wrong? Did we miss any extra votes last night?  You go look at the votes, they are still the same.  Then you relize that the Electoral College did not care what the people of this country said. The Electoral College did not care in one candidate had 100,000 more votes than the other.  All they wanted is everything to go their way.

I think we should get rid of the the Electoral College. And I know that many other people in this country would agree. I think that is should be changed to the popular vote for the President of the United States.

As you can see, for the past few elections, there has been a lot of contriverse with how the votes turned out.  Many people don't agree with the decisions that the College makes in the elections.  In the Artical, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," says, that the electors can be anyone not holding public office. It also states that the presidental candidates can also vote for the electors not just the people and the state.  But what is not fair, is that the voters can not always control who the electors vote for.  The citizens should be able to vote for the president they want.  The man or woman they want to run their country. The people of the United States vote to make this country a better place for everyone.  Because they believe their candidate that they vote for will make this country a better place.

Furthermore the Electoral College is the stupides thing I ever heard of and i think we should get rid of it.  I agree with the aritcal "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," because it says, "that the electoral college says is unfair, outdated, and irrational." "Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college."

People might say that the college might help keep out trouble in the voting but let me tell you something, YOU'RE WRONG!!!!!!!  The electoral college is the main reason that this country is such a mess!  They vote for the wrong candidates because they want their own way.

In conclusion, the electoral college is the most lamest thing                                            