keeping the

Electoral College would be the best choice. Selecting the Electors,the meeting for the president and vice president,and the counting of electoral votes by congress is a better idea than 60 percent of voters  prefering a direct election to kind we have now. I understand that under the

Electoral College system,voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors,who turn elect the president. If you lived in texas for instance and wanted to vote for john kerry you'd vote for a slate of 34 democratic electors pledged to kerry,On the off-chance that those electors won the statewide election they would go to congress and kerry would get 34 lectoral votes. Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidates,s political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their reponsibilities are. At the most basic level the

Electoral College is unfair to voters because of the winner take all system in each state,canidatdes dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning.

Election by popular vote for the president of the

United States

Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral votes compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney becausw almost all states award electoral votes on a winner take all basis even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral vote victory in that state. A tie in a nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes 538 is an even number,but it is highly unlikely but each party selcts a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. Yet that has happened very rarely. It happened in 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than bush yet fewer electoral votes,but that was the first time since 1888 thats happened. there are five reasons for reraining the electoral college despite its lackof democratic pedigree all practical reasons not liberal or conservative reasons. A disput ove routcome of an electoral college vote is possible it happened in 2000 but it's less likley than a dispute over the popular vote.                            