When someone needs advice, would it be beneficial for them to ask more than one person? Since people have different beliefs, opinions, and understandings, they do not think the same way all of the time. There are numerous reasons why getting advice from multiple people can be advantageous including some people could be more educated in the topic than others and every person will have a different perspective.

One reason why asking multiple people for advice could help someone make a decision is because one person might have a better understanding of the topic than the others who have been asked. If someone who does not know much about the topic is asked, they might not give the best, up-to-date answer. However, someone who is knowledgeable in that specific area will probably be able to connect with the subject and give better advice to help. For example, if someone asks what color the sky is, one person could say it is red, and another person could say that it is purple, but a scientist that was asked could say that it is blue. The scientist would be more educated on this subject. Therefore, they would be able to provide the more helpful answer. If the one asking had only talked to one person, it is more likely that they would get an incorrect answer or a response that is not as beneficial. Overall, asking multiple people for advice could benefit someone by providing them with a better, more educated answer.

Another reason why getting advice from multiple people could be advantageous is because every person that is asked will feel differently about the topic. Some people will feel positively about the topic while others feel negatively. People have their own opinions and their opinions are how they form an answer. For instance, if someone asks someone else for advice on where they should go for dinner, the action relies on the answer that the person gives. If they say that they should go to a certain restaurant, it could be because the person giving advice likes that restaurant. On the other hand, if the person asks multiple people, they will get a variety of answers because everybody has a different opinion. The more people that someone asks, the more answers that they will get. Therefore giving them a plethora of opinions to base their choice off of.

There are many reasons why someone should ask multiple people for advice including getting a more educated answer and receiving different opinions. Asking more than one person would provide someone with better advice and a variety of answers. Whether somebody asks two or five people, all of the answers that are given will lead them to make better choices.