Venus is the second planet in the Milky Way solar system, that is so close yet so mysterious. Its conditions are unhabitable and unsafe for humans, making Earth seem safe despite some dangers it also has. Venus may well have also been covered with oceans like Earth currently has. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents through the explanation of hovering, silicon carbide, and mechanical computers.

The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite dangers by his well written explantion of ship hovering. The author says NASA has an idea on how to send humans to study Venus, "...possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray" (Paragraph 5). The ship would hover above, avoiding the dangerous conditions by remaining away from it. Allowing the scientists to be close enough to study some elements of Venus, and to have more context on how to understand it more, without a human possibly dying. To further support this, the author states, "...hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight..." (Paragrah 6). The author is aware that hovering is not the most effectove technique, but he supports the idea by hinting it will still be worth it because information can still be gathered, despite the limits. Although it is not the most persuasive support and idea he displays that Venus is a worthy pursiut, it can still perhaps show how he supports it by giving details. He explains although samples of rock, gas or anything else cannot be gathered, due to the distance, challenges can motivate scientists to progress on more ways to study Venus, to apply more knowledge. He clearly shows his opinion that the dangers should not be limited by dangers or doubts, but should drive humanity to excellence and advancement.

The author's insight on silicon carbide supports his idea that Venus is a worthy pursut despite the dangers. Simplified elecotronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in chambers. The authors explains it by stating, "...stimulating the chaos oof Venus's surface and have lasted weeks in such conditions" (Paragraph 7). He does not support this idea throughly, giving limited information to convice the reader of his claim. He only says it can last in challenging conditions for a limired amount of time, but does not mention any support, leaving silicon carbide as his weakest support on how using that, can convice people that Venus is a worthy pursit depsite the dangers it possesses. He uses only one fact, but not not give enough anaylsis to make his argument strong or very clear.

The author supports well how mechanical computers would make studying Venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. A project called mechanical computers was first evisioned in the 1800s. The author further supports how its worthy by stating, "...these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all" (Paragraph 7). He describes it as safer, since gear usually ensures that someone will not be exposed to a certain conditon in a inhabitable environment for humans. He further argues that modern computers are more fragile in extreme conditions, and are not as strong as mechanical computers. He strongly supports it by comparing it to other popular technologies, "...imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin" (Paragraph 7). He explains in comparison, that systems using mechanical parts are far more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces, unlike modern technology. He uses well thought out support and evidence, to argue that Venus is actually a worthy pursuit even with the dangers it gives. He believe that studing Venus will lead to challenges that will further evolve humanity and help it prosper.

In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author supports Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presnts through his analysis of hovering, silicon carbide, and mechanical computers. He supports his ideas with evidence and also the analysis he has with his knowledge by research. He uses facts, and not a lot of opinions to express his ideas and belief that Venus is a worthy pursuit. He colcudes his argument that humanity's travels on Earth and beyond should never even be limited by threats of dangers or doubts. Without that, knowledge will be expanded and fuel the innovation of the human world and beyond. 