In the text the outhor suggest that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despirate the dangers it represents, which is correct. The text explain correcthy each factor that Venus has, it also explain with details what are the dangers that being on Venus presents.

At the begining the text, the author explain where is located Venus and what are some factors about it. Venus is the second planet from the sun. Venus is also the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size. Venus temperature avarage is over 800 degrees Farenheit,and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than wht we experience on our own planet, it means that Venus is unable to have humans living there, because the factors like temperature, water, and ways to get food are so complicated. The fact of Venus being the second planet from the sun makes it a lot more dangerous for a human to be there.

Scientifics explain that Venus has the hottes surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to our sun. People ask "Why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface?", well Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system, it means that Venus was the most similiar of the 8 planets in the solar system that looks more similar to the Earth, they belief that really long time ago Venus was covered with oceans and it could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters, which is another idea that makes the author think about know more about Venus.

Now The National Aeronautics and Space

Administration (NASA) has one particular compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus. The NASA has some projects in mind to do one of them is to send mechanical computers to Venus to take pictures and videos that way they can have a better idea of how Venus looks like. They are trying to use the same mechanical computers that they use during World War II, because mechanical parts can be made more resistant to preassure,heat, and other forces, it means that the NASA plans to send an electronic device to Venus just to see the place and star planning a visit, the would adap the device that way it could resist the different factor that are fount on Venus.

Venus has value , not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself,but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.   