Venus is often called the "Evening Star" for being the brighest points of light. It's also the second planet close to the sun. And as it's simple to see from distant, it proved a very challenging place for examining closely.

It's very worthy even though Venus's thick atmosphere is 97% carbon dioxide. But getting through the clouds are worse with them being sulfuric acid as a high danger sign for spaceships to only be there for a few hours. The temperature has scortching heat of 800 degrees fahrenheit and 90 times more pressure than our planet. Venus has impediments of erupting volcanoes, earthquakes, and lightning strikes to anything landing on it's surface. Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may once of been like Earth with oceans and various forms of life.

The Astronomers think it's a good idea to kepp trying to land on Venus even though their spaceships never last more than a few hours and believe there might be various life forms like Earth and some oceans. But Venus is to deadly with acid, scortching heat, and 90 times our pressure that could crush a submarine. Also Venus has some lighting that strikes anything landing on it's surface and erupting volcanoes with frequent earthquakes. Venus also has a surface of rocky sediments with valley's, mountains, and craters under the clouds and atmosphere.

People have tried sending multiple spaceships to Venus but they never came back. It was the brightest "Evening Star" but the most dangerous planet with sulfuric acid atmosphere. Astronomers know the dangers of going to Venus but want think theres life form and oceans like Earth. If anything was to land on it's surface, lightning would strike it and the spacecraft could only last a few hours if lucky. My conclusion to this is that Venus is a dangerous place but I would like to see whats on that planet, and know if there really is any life form or oceans. If so the astronomers might take some life from there adn water to bring and test what it actually is. But they can't send people into acid atmospheres and scortching heat just to land on Venus.