Intro-The technology would be valuable because it would allow students to focus on their assingments. This technology could keep students on task and allow for them to have a learning environment that they could thirve in. This technology could also create a better world in general by enhancing the future generations knowledge.

Body 1-Technolgy has become a everyday thing in our lives and has created many distractions for students. With this new technology students could continue focusing on what's important, their school work. This would make students grades improve and allow them to have a better oppurtunity in the real world. Occording to the text, the technology would also allow "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." This means the technology could adjust itself to learn how the student works, instead of the other way around. Also "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal," meaning that the technology would work for each student around the world.

Body 2- This technology would also create a better living environment across the globe. This is because computers could explain lessons to students in ways a human couldn't. The computer could analzye the students face, see any confusion, and change the lesson plan into what the individual student needs. This is all plausible because the text omits that the technology "could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This could make jobs easier for teachers, and increase the future generations knowledge by teaching them more than a human could.

Conclusion- This technology could seriosly improve schools for the better and allow them to forever change how we learn. Students could be individually taught, and they would always learn because the computer would still know if the student is confused or not. This could create worldwide peace because students could fully grasp from histories mistakes and continue to forever make the world a better place.   