I disagre with technology to read the emotional expressions of students in classroom . I dont like the fact that technology can read students emotional expressions because teachers dont always have to know whats going on in teens personal life . one reason teachers shouldnt know everything about teens personal life because teens in highschool go through alot . Teens have house problems that they dont want know body to know about ,teens get bullied,and also some teens deal with personal body problems . This is the reason i disagre with technology reading kids emotional expressions .

In the text it states that the facial expressions for each emotion each universal observes Dr. Huang ,so that means he can se every thing you are feeling .THE Text states that to an expert , faces dont lie ; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebirty isn't being truthful . This are other reason why i dont perfer technology reading people faces .But i also have a good thought on technology reading people faces . One reason is that when a kid get in trouble at school and lie about something he did the teacher can get the computer and tell if he is lieing . It also tates in the story the it can tell if you are being truthful .

Another reason i like the tecgnology reading people expressions is because police can use the computer. The police can use the computer for bad people that does bad things . The police can scan they face and their fingerprints also . Also judges can use them when people have a to go to court for a case they have . The judge can scan heir face and see if they are lien .And paremts can also used the computer on their child . And people can also used them to see if other people are lien or however they feel.

In the text it states that even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression "(like not smilingas broadly). using video imagery , the new emotion -reconginition softwaretracks these facial movments -in a real face or in a painted face of mona lisa . By weighting the different units,the software can even identify mixed emotions .Each expression is compared aganist a neutral face (showing no emotion). this explain how advance technology can be .

We as humans practice on this same impressive evey day . For example we can tell if our freind or families are upset .                                                                                                                                                                    