Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I believe that all students in school should take part in community service to help out their city, state, maybe even world. Students should at least have one day a week of community service. Many people may think that community service is hard work and kids our age shouldn't be doing this, they should be in school learning for a better education. But if they all help in community service it may help them a long the road to keep a cleaner environment, and have a good say about your self for good jobs.

The more help you get cleaning the environment now, the less you have to later on in your life. The students may think it would be fun and a good idea. They think it would be getting them out of school but really they are still learning. you may think.. How are they still learning if they are cleaning and out of school? But really they are learning about the true and real life. Not about your educations and school related, but how they are going to react and perform on people littering and keeping a clean environment. Sometimes the real life may help you in the school related life. You never know...

Helping with community service may come in handy for making new friends. They may or may not get to work with the people that have the same opinion as they do about helping keep a clean and wealthy environment, but that is life. They may come across people that love the environment, but you also will see the people who could care less about it. It would show them that this is the time to pick and choose their friends that will help me on the things in their life later on. They may not like choosing your friends, they might want to be friends with everybody and not care about how the environment ends up, that they will have their friends and they will help them when the time comes. All I'm trying to address her is that we need a clean environment and having kids from all different schools help with community service may be a great way to get in cleaner faster.

Love,

STUDENT_NAME