Do you really believe the face on mars was made by an alien? Well my name is Sydney, and im a scientist here at NASA.Im here to tell you the truth about the ¨Face on Mars.¨ Lets begin by telling you the how the face on mars was discovered.

In 1976 ¨Vikings 1 spacecraft was snapping photos for possiable landing sites for Vikings spacecraft 2,when a human face appeared¨At first scientist like myself thought it was another Martian mesa,but something was different about this one. There was an odd ¨shadow that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh.¨

NASA took the image and unveiled it for the whole world to see. Once the world saw this image people went crazy over it. The ¨Face on Mars¨ was in ¨movies,magazines,radio talk shows, and even haunted grocery stroe checkout lines.¨ But then people started taking it to far and coming up with there own ideas. People started to say it came from aliens,I know how crazy.

Some scientist at NASA even started to believe what the people were saying. Then NASA decided to go up to mars to get another picture of it 18 years later. They said it was important to taxpayers. ¨On April 5,1998, When Mars Global surveyor got over there his team snapped 10 pictures of the face.¨

When the pictured was taken it was ten times sharper than the Vikings picture. So when the picture appeared on the JPL website,it revealed a natural land form. So After all it was not an alien monument. But wait were not done yet. People were not satisfied because they said the picture was taken at the wrong angle and on a winter day which was cloudy.

Then on April 8,2001 on a summer day and no clouds,Mars Global Surveyor was close enough for a second look. With the teams camera they captured an extraortdinary photo. With this picture you can blow it up three times bigger to see what it really is. The team blew it up and showed it was a butte or mesa landform,most commonly found around the American West.

During all of this I have learned that what looks to be a face was actually a landform. The Face on Mars turned out to be neat because it got used in movies,and ect. It also led people imagineation to think that well maybe there was life on mars before us. So next time what you see can look like something, but turn into something way different. 