Making a better community

Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Isn't our country a great country to be looked upon by the world? But how could this greatness continue, if the higher authority will not to teach children to help society?

Before all its power The United States of America has encountered so many things, it's the adult's job to teach the children of the future to not make the same mistakes and do what is right.

Community service will be an amazing start, with this children will be responsible, grow into a better person, and become great leaders.

First lets talk about them being responsible.

Everyone knows how kids act- cause their kids, they don't know how things work, because they are still getting the in the use of things.

With community service kids will become responsible, because kids would know that someone or something relies on them, not just kid's X-box or Wii.

As a principal wouldn't it be a honor to receive word that your school is the best school, due to the students doing a great job!

Yes it would, so start opening your mind to the possibilities of children may become really responsible thanks to you.

Next, thanks to community service about 8 out of 10 kids become grow into a better person.

Tired of children loosing it and breaking into fights, leaving trash or breaking the rules?

It is very tiring, but thanks to community service all of your problems could go away!

Isn't it better to hear student's say that they helped the city pick up litter, rather than making the litter?

Now you see that if students are forced to do community service kids will not only help themselves, but help the school the district and eventually the world.

Lastly, with community service students will become great leaders.

Our founding fathers did not start leading the nation immediately, no they had to start form the beginning slowly climbing their way to the top.

So that's what the principal must do.

Community service will be kid's stepping stone on the way to success, think about the possibilities, won't it make the school proud if they knew that because of them, the old school bully because of community service, grew into the senator of California?

Now that you have seen community service from different points of views, you should now consider community service in your school.

The fact that it helps them to become great must mean somth