The Electoral College has its pros and cons. Either keeping the Electoral College or changing it to election by popular vote for the presidents of the U.S. will have its disadvantages and advantages of course. So, why keep it if the people don't actually pick the president?

One of the reasons why the Electoral College should be changed is because its not Democratic. The voters don't vote for the president, they actually vote for a slate of electors who are the ones who elect the president. "Because of the winner-take all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states" - by Bradford Plumer. Its not fair that some states won't even have a saying in choosing the president. Everyone should have a saying even if the candidates in the winner-take all system don't want to spend their time. We live in a democratic country we should be allowed to choose the persident instead of the Electoral College. Its unfair and irrational that the electors choose the president instead of the people.

The Electoral College does help the elections avoid Run-Off Elections. Larger states will always get more attention in a campaign than a small state. This is because larger states have a bigger population than small states."The most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election". -by Richard A. Posner. Just because not everyone pays close attention to the competing campaign. It doesn't been they shouldn't be treated differently than the ones who do. Everyone should be treated equally no matter what there opinion or choice is.

My opinion about if we should keep or change the Electoral College is biased. I don't think we should keep or even change it for the president to be elected by a populr vote. The electoral college helps weight the political balance in large states. It also doesn't allow the people to vote for the president. Either way i would be fine with whatever decision happens to the electoral college. I can't chose a way to argue about it cause i go both ways with my arguements.

In overal the Electoral College has its advantages and disadvantages. It all depends in everyones point of view. People should be treated equally about the decision they made. Let the people be able to choose the president of the United States its a right they have don't take it away from them because it wouldn't be fair to them. We live in a democratic country and the people have the power.    