Well the bad thing about being over seas. Is that when you or one of your family members go.

There is a 99 percent chance that you or your family memeber will die or get hurt.

Luke also wanted to go seasgoing to show his friend how manly he is. Because his friend thought that hhe was scared to do something that is not normal in his life.

So Luke wen't over sea to show his friend he is not afraid. But when Luke is over seas something bad happens. Luke is feeding the animals, and he trips over something and just about fell over board to his death.

Luckly a peace of medal was sticking out the side of the ship and caught Luke before he almost died. Aways be carful when you on a ship traviling. Something bad aways happens. But anways Luke had a friend come along so they could hang out like most friends do.

Luke and his friend was on the ship, and they stopped at a place where the horses and the animals had to get off. Then the boys had to find something to do so where the horses and the animals stayed is where the two kids started to play games like Baseball, Volleyball, Table-Tennis, Fencing, Boxing, Reading, and Whittling.

So when the two boys were done doing their stuff like playing games they wen't back to their homes, to see their families. But when their time was up off seeing their families they both wen't back to the ship, and said bye to their families for a long time then it was time to go.

The two boys did the same things they had done the last time they were on the sea. Then finally the day the two adults have been waiting for has now arrived to them. Now it is time to go back to their homes for good, and stay with their siblings and parents, and friends.

One thing that all the people noticed when the two got back fromw sea. Is that the two boys they use to be are now gentlemen, not lids anymore. Then the never let those two lovible boys go on sea again. They couldn'y loose the boys again. Not now, not ever, never again.

But of course they left again they could not stay with their families for ever. They just had to go back on seas again they had to. It was like their life when they wen't on the ship.

The audults were now old enough to go to the military. Lukes friend wen't on. Lukes friend entered the military as soon as possible. He really wanted to support his countries.

When the two kids got back to each other and started hanging out again. THey both wen't back to the sea job again cause they really liked it. They wen't there together nine times so they could see each other alot, and they hung out alot of course.

When they got bak the two boys wen't straight to dee their mothers to see them right away. But when they got there they did not see there mamas at the house. Then the siblings and the other family memebers came out and told the two boys that their momas were gone.

The two boys thought gone that the momas just wen't out get food, or to go out and eat together. But then the siblings told the two men that their moms was dead.