Cars play a huge role in our lives. It is the most easy and common way of transportation. In some parts of the U.S.,you can drive a car even if you're 15. Before cars weren't invented,people used bicycles,subways,roller skates,busses....

If you want to go to somewhere by bike,it is gonna take much more time than it takes by car. That's why people prefer driving cars insted of riding bikes or using subway. However,there are some disadventages of driving car. Air pollution is one of them. Our world is getting dirtier every day and it's under risk. The glaciers are melting and the animals who live in the north pole are dying. The people who are aware of this,don't drive cars and protest it. In the article"In German Suburb,Life Goes On Without Cars", Elisabeth Rosenthal says "Street parking,driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of Freiburg,near the French and Swiss borders. Vuban's streets are completely 'car-free'-except the main thoroughfare,where the tram to downtown Freiburg runs,and a few streets on one edge of the community. As a result,70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars,and 57 percent sold a car to move here. Vauban,completed in 2006,is an example of a growing trend in Europe,the United States and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use,as a component of a movement called'smart planning.'""I think,the intention to forbid the car usage is to divert people to drive bycyles or subway other than driving cars. The other disadvenatge is ;cars make us lazy. Before cars weren't invented people walked. People are gaining weight of not w

In the article"The End Of Car Culture" Elisabeth Rosenthal says:But America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. When adjusted for population growth,the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter,according to an analysis by Doug Short of Advisor Perspectives,an ivestment research company. As of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995. A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009...." Also in the article:"Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota"the author,Andrew Selsky says:"In a program that's set to spread to other countries,millions of Colombians hiked,biked,skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday,leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams."

In my old school,some group of environmentalists showed us a video of how our world is going to be if we use cars to transport everyday. It really affected me and my friends.            