Online Courses

Missing lecture days can be devastating for a student's course grade, however, some schools are implementing an online alternative. Constant access to previous lectures makes learning much easier and by allowing students to take courses online at home, this solution may resolve the previous issues with the school system. While working at home, students will also be able to work in a comfortable working environment with less classroom distractions. Students would benefit from being able to take classes from home because students will be able to be more flexible with their schedules, work in a familiar and comfortable working environment, and students will not fall behind to the same degree of missing a school day.

To begin with, flexible schedules are almost impossible to achieve while continuously attending classes at a desired location every week. Hundreds of colleges in the United States offer online courses to suffice the needs of students who have ludicrous schedules. Offering online classes to students will create space in their schedules leaving more time spent with family and extracurricular activities such as sports, clubs, etc. Many club competitions and sports tournaments interfere with school days ultimately throwing a student behind academically. The flexibility offered with online courses suits the needs of outgoing students who are constantly pressed by extracurricular activities.

In addition, working environments are very crucial for students considering the professor may not repeat lectures even if some students were being disruptive. Working in a familiar environment such as a bedroom with no distractions allows students to be more attentive to the online tasks at hand. Many jobs in the information technology field allow remote access work from home. Taking this into account, this field of work tends to be extremely stressful but the option of working from home reduces the difficulty of getting projects done significantly. When this same online system is applied to school, the difficulty of getting school work done is also enormously reduced.

Finally, missing a day in school can be extremely devastating to a student's grade. Adolescents who take a rigorous course load can fall behind as much as a whole unit, which can be taught in one day in advanced courses. The availability of classes online allows a student to review what they missed on the day they were supposed to be at school. Sick days are also roadblocks for students and the online course provides them something to look at while they relax at home. Once a student recovers from their sickness, they will have a general understanding of what they would have learned the day they missed.

In conclusion, online courses benefit students because it can create space in tight schedules, work in a zero distraction zone, and all lectures and notes are available online even when a student could not have made class that day. Online courses solve many problems that make school challenging for current students. Colleges are setting great examples of how to implement online courses that benefit students. Overall, the effect distance learning will have on school will be more advantageous than disadvantageous. 