I think that the auther did a good job writtening this artivcle because he use good detail to catch the reader and to think a little more about planet venus the auther is sau that ( In space term- human have seat numerous of spacecraft to land on this clound-draped world. Each pervies mission was unmanned, and for good reason, sice no spacraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. May that is the issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three deacades) say the auther in the artivcle.

The auther also say in the artivcle (that the atmospher of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. Even more challenging are in the clouds of the highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venis atmosphere. He said the on the planet's surface temperatures average over 800 degerees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 time greater than what we experience on our own planet.) Also the conditions are far more extree than anything humans encounter on the earth; such as environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deppest parts of our ocean and would liquefy many metals. Also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any plantes in our solar system even though mercury is closer to ur sun.

Beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like eruping volcanoes powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. Astronmers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earth-like planet in our solar system. Still today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. The planet venus hasa surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains and craters. Furthermore , recall that venus can sometime be our nerest option for a planetary visit, a crucal consideration given the long time frames of space travel.

I like this article because it was fun to learn somthing new and that the article and the author was good at laying out his article and also putting in detail and fact what he new about venus it was super easly to do the question. I think that the auther supports the idea vey good in the article because he lay it out for you and that he/she give out fact to supports the reader and to help out a little. 