Going to school everyday can be difficult for certain students. Many kids and adults have work, sports, or medical problems that can get in the way of their learning life. This can affect the students education gravely and it can even prevent them from moving forward in their education. Although, people prefer their children to go to school where there are teachers and people who can help them, actually, it is better to have the option to learn through an online class. Online classes can help students who are not able to maintain the everyday school life because they may have certain things that can get in the way that an online class can work around like, balancing work and school, or having appointments and events at the same time school is taking place.

Every student is different and every student has a different life they have to maintain. For example, one kid may have to help support their family and is unable to attend school everyday. Even if they wanted to go the school and get an education, they have other things getting in the way. This can hold them back and hurt the education that they need to get to be able to have that steady life and career. If they were able to take an online class, that can work around their schedule, they could help their family out and also maintain an education. This shows that in certain cases online classes are needed and they should be accessible to any student that needs them.

Many parents and adults will argue that students will not get as much work done at home because there are too many distractions and there is not a teacher that can help them. This is a good point because if you are schooled online then you are more likely to get distracted from your work and do something else instead like play with your friends. Though there may be distractions at home, you can argue that there are many distractions at school as well. At school you are in classes with many other people and many times your friends can distract you from your work. In both scenarios something or someone always has the risk of distracting you. This doesn't mean that online classes shouldn't be an option.

There is no harm in public schools having the option of taking school online. Online school isn't for everyone but going to school isn't for everyone either. Schools should be able to accommodate to their students to be able to give everyone the best education that is accessible to them. In both situations students are at threat of getting distracted, but sometimes kids are more focused in their house where is is quiet. Some say that you won't be able to reach a teacher through online classes as much as you would in a classroom where there is always a teacher on hand. Though you may not have a teacher in the room with you to hep tell you what to do; there are many other resources you can use now, such as YouTube,Google, and you can even email a teacher or professor and get your answers through them. This shows that there may be many arguments against having online classes but there is always going to be a way you can get around them. Not everyone has to take online classes, either way, people should still be able to have that option available.

In conclusion, many people will argue that online classes prevent productive learning and it is better just to go to school everyday, this can actually slow down certain peoples education and prevent them from moving forward. If you have a medical problem or are unable to go to school everyday due to sports or work, you should still be able to take online classes that can work around your busy schedule and allow you to get an proper education while also doing your everyday tasks. Though there may be some areas in online classes that bring up questions like whether students will be able to get all their work done from home, there are many ways around these problems that schools should be able to figure out, to make their students educations as good as in classrooms. There are too many benefits to online classes to not consider them. Online classes will change the dynamics of education but they will change them for the better. Students should have a right to to decide whether to go to school and focus on their education in a facility that promotes learning, students should also have the option to choose whether to take online classes and focus on other aspects of their life like their career or interests.