United States of America, the land of the people right? When people think of America they think of freedom, so isn't it our job to keep it that way? With our electoral college, the people of America aren't truly given the right to where their vote matters. The electoral college has so many flaws such as the disaster factor, risk of a tie, and even how unfair it is to our countries voters.

The disaster factor is the risk that the electors could always defy the will of the people. The electors are picked by state legislatures, so it could easily happen where electors disobey the right citizens have and do what they choose, or the legislatures replace electors with malificent unpatriotic electors that will try to cheat the vote. How is that fair to us? Knowing that thousands and thousands of voters dedicate their time to focusing on which candidate is truly the most deserving, proactive, and thoughtfull. "Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. In the same vein, "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please..."

The Office of the Federal Register . Here was a time where had already been done, and it is sure to happen again.

Overall the electoral college is completely unfair with so many different problems that over rule the right of ther people. For example, "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning..."

The Office of the Federal Register , this shows how it is not really fair to all the states as even if the popular vote comes close, the winning candidate takes all the electoral votes.

It is possible as well for the electoral votes to tie for both candidates, in which case if this were to happen it would be a catastrophe, as the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. "...the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from Calfornia, who represent 35 million voters"

The Office of the Federal Register . The population difference between the two is beyond comparable with California exceeding Wyoming with over 30 million voters. And to know that the two states would each get one vote? How is that, in any way possible, fair to American voters.

With so many problems with the electoral college and it being unimaginably unjust, the common thought would be how could this possibly still be the final word of our presidential election. If the Disaster factor, risk of a tie, and undoubting unfairness still haven't woken up our government, then how far and much destruction of our country's freedom will it take for the United States of America to truly be, the land of the people.    