During a long day at school, have you ever thought what would it be like to be home schooled? Home schooling, or distance learning, is a route that many young people choose to do as their education. Many people wonder however, how beneficial is it really for students to sit in their living room instead of the classroom? As many schools offer distance learning as an option, students can learn online or have video conferences with teachers. This could be beneficial for students to go at their own pace, however, there are more factors to both regular and online school than people may think. Technology has given education a new pathway for young people to learn and grow their future due to distance learning; however, taking classes from home is not as beneficial as learning in school due to the distractions for students at home and the lack of socialization.

Home for many people is their comfort zone, as well as a place for people to do things they enjoy like hobies, sleep etc; home can also be a danger zone for productivity like school work because of the many distractions that the classroom doesn't have. In today's world, things like video games, cell phones, and computers fill up teenagers lives and distract them from things like homework. Schools and classrooms however, either have don't have those distractions or put limits on them to keep students working and not playing games or texting. If some people can't even complete their homework because of these distractions at home, then how will they complete their daily home schooling assignments on top of that? Student work completion would drop and their futures will be impacted dramatically. Many people, especially teenagers, need guidance and restrictions in order to get work done. Even though some students have already created that habit for themselves of getting work done, others have not and giving them an option of distance learning will be devastating for them. Many people may say that there is no better place than home, but when it comes to getting work done, there are too many distractions that home provides for distance learning.

At school, students interact with each other throughout the entire day, these social interactions are healthy as we humans require to talk and be around people; home schooled students dont nearly get half the amount of social interaction as students who attend regular school do. We as humans need social interaction, that is why we have friends and family because we need people around us. School provides for most of your early life friends and sometimes even long term friendships. Students who attend classes at home will not get these important early life relationships; this makes it harder for them to adapt and create relationships with people in the future when they are adults. As well as different social interactions we have whether good or bad, we learn from for the future. These interactions build social skills that are needed for the workplace. If students are not getting these key workplace skills to communicate, than it will be hard for them to succeed later in life. Regular school provides a social environment and communication to students which is imperative for later life in for the workplace; unlike home schooling where the necessary amount of human interaction is very low.

One major difference between regular school and home school is the pace at which student work at; home schooling does have the advantage at which students can work at their own pace, which leads to understanding the content at a better rate. A significant problem in schools today, is students getting behind the pace of the class and having to rush in order to catch up. This leads to them not fully grasping the full understanding of what's being taught. Students will also tend to produce sloppier work when rushing and getting a worse grade than they could have. Home school however, does not have this problem as students can go at their own pace whether its fast or slow. This helps students get the grades they deserve instead of rushing and having them not produce their best effort. Having home schooled students work at their own pace also creates beneficial work habits due to them actually doing the full amount of work. If students are not completing the required amount of work or more, than they may start to think that it's appropriate to only give half of their best effort instead of putting the full amount of work in for an assignment. While home school give students the opportunity to work at their own pace and complete assignments with their best effort, regular school however provides tools to do the same thing (after school, study hall, and teacher assistance).

Technology is a major factor in our world today as it has both positives and negatives. It has also brought major change into the education system as now students may have an option to learn online instead of the traditional classroom. While online learning is new to education, it has also brought up the argument about whether it's more or less beneficial than regular school. Unfortunately, common problems arise with online learning that effect the young and future generations of our society. Taking classes from home may allow students to work at their own pace, but due to distractions at home and the decrease of social interaction, home schooling is less beneficial than going to regular school. 