Dear Senator,

An Electoral College is a vote to elect the President/Vice President. Only votes that count are the ones done electoraly by Congress. Out of the 538 votes that are going to be done, you need 270 or more to win. Thats extremely disrespectful to the people of the Unites States. Don't they have a say in wether to elect the President or not? Thats why you should banned Electoral College votes and approve it by popular votes because it is your people's (persons living in america) lives you are affecting.

When it is time to elect a new president, citizens want to know thier votes help elect the President of thier choice. In fact it just went to help thier candidate mabey support the Presidents election. Plethora of Catholics voted for Romney to win because Obama supported abortion. We never know if the all the citizens vote could have made romney win because it just goes to help the candidate help the person running for president win. If Romney won 1,000 lives a day could be saved. Obama helped with some problems to though, he made Obama Care, that gave people insurence for less money. Him helping the less furtienate is great. In, addition, making popular votes can help your citizens feel better. You are helping them by choosing wich president will help them and thier family have a better life. The citizens know what they need, they know if Obama is going to help them or not. They know who to vote for because they are providing what they need to live good life. If more citizens vote ofr one president then another, gues what? You just helped more then half of the us a citizens because they knew wich president helped them more. The trouble is out here and you can only fix it with us.

In conclusion, citizens should have the choice of the President because they know what they need and what presidnet will provide it. The citizens have a choice to elect the President. No one knows the real problems but the people and with thier votes you can help them individually.            