I say that we use the technology that was created for helping emotional expressions of students in a classroom. I mean that would help so much. I'm a person that struggles to understand things when they are just said. I'm more of a hands on person but extra help and FACS would help a lot. This shows how humans have came long way in life,in the world. The FACS was created to help not only students but works or coustmers as well. To be able to tell how a person actually feels is like a skill that needs to be shared with the world.

The reason I say we should use this technology is because in the text it says "in fact we humans perform this same impressive "calcuation" every day. For instance,you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. Of course,most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy,worried,etc". What all that means is when someone is having a bad day and you wanna help them but they say they are fine but you know that she/he is not ok but how can you tell? With the technology that we have we can be able to tell all of that.

I know that there are some down falls to this technology what if the student or the person doesn't have a problem and just has a face that makes it look like he/she has a problem. But that's what further devlopment is for. FACS will keep pushing and making more progress when being able to tell a person's emotion. This Technology would help the real world and should be made. When someone is in custmer service they could be able to tell if the person is looking for someone quick or if they are taking there time sad or mad. They be able to take the knowledge that they have aquired and turn it into some thing that the person has never seen. They be able to turn a frown upside down.

When this technology was created it was being tested on the "Mona Lisa Smile". They did a good job making and testing it. The FACS breaks down how the function works in the text it says " The facial expression for each emotion are univeral," observes Dr. Huang,"even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression"(like not smiling as broadly)". What this means is that it takes detail by detail from facial expressions and trun them into ways of understanding of how people feel in certain situations.

I say that we use this technology because of how it would better man kind in its quest of understanding the human brain and its emotion that comes with it. This technology could help students and teachers/students undertand what they are doing and how they are doing it. If a kid is confused and doesn't wanna speak then the technology can speak for that child. That way that teacher can help to make sure the student understands what is going on more one on one with that student could be the difference in test score. More students would graduate more would have a great career. In the Article it even gives you a little tease of how it works and how you can try it. I find that most effective when reading that you can try some thing when being able to understand different things.