Dear Senator,

I am strongly in favor of keeping the Electoral College because it not only is more efficient than popular vote, it is also smarter. The Electoral College is a fool-proof way of not disputing the outcome of who gets to be in it. It avoids problems by the canidates not recieving majority of the votes cast in the election. Everyone who is in the Electoral College was cast there for a reason by the popular vote. You also must know that the system has its faults. There aren't many of them but i believe that they are needed to keep the College going and allowing it to vote the right way instead of the wrong way. All in all, i do hope that you are also in favor of the electoral college and if you aren't,  hopefully this letter will let your mind sway towards being in favor of it.

First of these reasons, there are more problems with popular votes than electoral vote and have a fool-proof way of keeping disputes in the low. The Electoral College is less susceptible to problems if the poular votes are used to elect the college. In

Defense of the Electoral College:Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing a president, in the first reason it says that, "...The winning canidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceed's his share of the popular vote."

Secondly, Having an Electoral College avoids run-off elections, where the problem is cause by each canidate that is running to not get any of the majority of the votes. To put it in more simple terms, In some cases there have been ties by the popular vote, or very close ties. In The same article as mentioned in the above paragraph provided the example of one time that this has happened. " Nixon and Clinton both had a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority of the Electoral College." The Electoral Colege breaks the tie in the poular votes because they reduce the pressure of having run-off elections. The states have a "winner-take-all" system, so that when the elections come, the president of those who are voting for him in the electoral college get to be with that president. The larger states recieve more attention from the canidates, so the popular vote getting tied up also does not happen very often.

Last but not least, it is incredibly important to know how the Electoral College works because if you do not, then you will not know how effective of a sytem it is. In

What is the Electoral College?

it states that, "The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president." The popular vote can get tied up pretty easily, but it is a lot harder for the electoral votes to get tied up because only 270 votes are needed to elect the president. The popuar vote actually elects the College. "...But each party selects a state of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee.." and this quote was selected from

I defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president . The electoral college is trusted to vote for the president that they believe will make the best decisions for our country.

Even thought this might be a really improved method on picking our president, it still has faults. In what's wrong with the electoral college, is saying that "The most worrying prosepct is the tie in the electoral college....in that case the elction would be thrown to the H.O.R., where state delegations vote on the president." If this ever does happen, MAny people in the senate or house of representatives would have to vote and would have to rake on responsibilty of the as many as 500,00 voters.

As you know, it is important to keep the best desicions of your country in mind , while thinking about your citizens that you are representing. The electoral college answers the questions of having disputes and arguments over who becomes preseident. It is an efficient way of keeping a fool-proof outcome and avoid run-off elections. You also now have some knowledge of how the electoral college worls, if you didn't have any before.

Yours Truly,

A citizen                         