Dear Citizens,

I wanted to inform you that there is a limit for driving a car there has been some changes during this few years. Its not only in America that is going on its in other cities and also in states, where people have been droping there adavantages to drive around and dicide to walk instead or to ride a bus to get to other places, they also do that to save money for the gasoline especially if they drive long distance. For example in German Suburb they have forbidden street parking, driveways and home garages, new district on outskirts of freiburg, near the French and Swiss borders. There's a place called Vauban's and its a total Car-free, 70% of vaubans don't own a car and 57% sold thier car to move here. In Paris, they have banded driving due to smog, can ya'll believe that?;they have done because after days of near pollution paris inforced partial driving to clean the air of global city. people that drived with a even-numbered license plate they were charged a 31 dollars fine almost 4,000 drivers were fine according to Reuters. Now the "smog" came from Beijing,China which is one of the most polluted city in the world.

Paris typically has more smog then other European capitals, but eventually the smog cleared enough for The Ruling French party. There's was also a Car-Free day in Bogata and it was a big hit, Colombians usually hiked,biked,skated or even took buses to work during the car-free day if you left early people avoid traffic jams. and there goal is to promte alternative transportation and reduce smog it was a good ways to take way stress and lower air pollution. there's parks and sports centers that have bloomed throughout the city; uneven pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad,rush-hours have dramatically cut traffic. The End of Car Culture, where president Obama ambitious goal to curb the United States greenhouse gas emission,unveiled last week. Americans are buying fewer cars and driving less, but also getting fewer licenses as years go by. theres a question that says 'Has America passed peak driving?"i mean am not sure how to explan ,but am sure america ids the the same as it use to be and now that they are talking or writing a articule about it means that alot of people are driving less and buying cars. A study has shown that young people decreased 23% between 2001 and 2009.    