Every summer break, students are given projects in certain classes to make sure they continue to improve over the break.

These projects handed out to the students are always made by the teachers, but what if we change that?

Students should one hundred percent be the ones who plan out and create their own summer projects.

One reason students should be allowed to create their own summer break projects is because, they know exactly what they need to improve on to be ready for the following year.

Students know what they struggled with and what they were good at during the school year.

Teachers can not always grasp what a student may need in order to keep improving. In order for students to recieve any sort of benefit from the summer project, is if they make it themselves.

If I was able to make my own summer project with my classmate I would know what needed to be included in order for me to succeed.

Another reason students would make the summer projects more productive is that, teachers tend to make assignments very long, hard, time consuming, and usually very boring.

Teachers can overstep because it may not seem like a lot of work to them, but to the students, it is.

They can put in too much information which can make it less benificial to the students. Doing a project over summer break that is not productive, is a huge waste of time.

Students might be more willing and excited to do their summer projects if they create it themselves because it will be something they all enjoy doing.

Most people I know, including me dont start even looking at the projects that the teachers give to us until the night before schools starts, but if we as students create our own we already know what we have to accomplish.

Due to the amount of excitment for their projects, there will be a large increase in the number of students who complete the task and get a good grade, which starts the school year off on a good note.

I always tend to work best and work harder on the subjects and or topics I enjoy the most.

I would also complete my work in full if it was intresting to me.

Students deserve a long, stressless summer, but with the teacher's stressful assignments, that might not always happen for them.

All students deserve a say in what they do with their time over their own break.

It is fair to them and the teachers.

The summer break projects created by the students will be more productive, less time consuming and more fun for everyone.       