A Summer Away From Home 
As a child, I always looked forward to summer. It was the time of year when I could escape the confines of school and spend my days playing outside with friends. However, one summer, my parents decided that it was time for me to experience something new. They sent me away from home for the entire summer to attend a sleepaway camp in the mountains.
At first, I was excited about the prospect of spending an entire summer away from home. I had heard stories from friends who had attended similar camps and they all raved about how much fun they had. However, as the day approached for me to leave, I began to feel anxious and scared.
The morning of departure arrived quickly and my parents drove me up to the campsite. As we pulled into the parking lot, my heart began racing with excitement and fear. The camp seemed massive compared to what I was used to back home. There were cabins scattered throughout the woods with kids running around everywhere.
As we walked towards my cabin, which would be my home for the next eight weeks, I felt like crying. The thought of being away from my family for so long was overwhelming. My parents hugged me tightly before leaving and promised that they would visit soon.
I remember feeling lost as soon as they left; it felt like a part of me had been taken away too soon. But then again, there were other kids around who were also feeling homesick just like me.
As days went by at camp, things started getting better slowly but surely; making new friends helped ease some of my anxiety about being away from home for so long.
The first week at camp was tough; I missed home terribly and struggled with homesickness every night before falling asleep in my bunk bed that creaked every time someone moved on it.
But then came activities such as hiking through mountain trails or canoeing down rivers which made everything worth it; these experiences made me feel alive and free. I was able to explore nature in a way that I never had before, and it was exhilarating.
As the weeks went by, I began to feel more comfortable at camp. The counselors were kind and supportive, and my cabin mates became some of my closest friends. We spent our days swimming in the lake, playing games, and telling stories around the campfire at night.
One of my favorite memories from that summer was when we went on an overnight camping trip deep into the woods. We hiked for hours with heavy backpacks on our shoulders until we reached a clearing where we set up our tents for the night.
We cooked dinner over a fire and told ghost stories as we sat around in a circle. It was dark outside except for the light from the fire; it felt like we were all alone in the world.
That night, I slept under the stars for the first time in my life. As I lay there looking up at the sky, I felt small but also connected to something much bigger than myself.
The rest of that summer flew by quickly; before I knew it, it was time to pack up and head back home. As much as I missed my family and friends back home, leaving camp felt bittersweet.
I had grown so much during those eight weeks away from home; I had learned new skills such as archery or horseback riding which made me feel accomplished but most importantly, being away from home taught me how to be independent- something that would serve me well later on in life.
Looking back now as an adult, that summer away from home feels like a turning point in my life. It taught me how to be brave even when things are scary or uncertain; it showed me that there is so much more out there beyond what is familiar or comfortable.
I am grateful for that experience because it helped shape who I am today- someone who is not afraid to take risks or try new things. I have since traveled to different parts of the world, met people from all walks of life and experienced things that I never thought were possible.
In conclusion, that summer away from home was one of the most challenging but also rewarding experiences of my life. It taught me how to be independent, brave and open-minded. It showed me that there is a whole world out there waiting to be explored and that sometimes, stepping outside of our comfort zones can lead us to some of the most incredible experiences we will ever have.
